knowledge help an inidvidual in making his career and help him earning his livelihood . i believe that it better to specialize in specific subject because having broad knowledge of many academic subject make the person `` jack of all trade but master of none '' . even in today 's world where education hold lot of importance in both professional and personal life knowledge in one specific field only prof helpful . studying in one specific field help an individual in acquiring maximum knowledge about that feild . with this person ha to focus only on one subject this reduces his burden and he try to excel in that feild . these day requirement is increasing more of specialised people . for example , demand for heart surgeon in hospital is increasing day by day because of increasing heart problem . patients also prefer going to those doctor who are specifically for those problem which they are suffering from rather than going to the general physician because they trust specialist doctor more . like for any eye problem they will go to eye specialist , studying in one specific field help at professional level also . big company are recruting only those individual who specialise in one subject only . they donot higher those individual who have bit of knowledge in all field but rather they prefer hiring those people who have specialised knowledge of the feild in which the company deal because these inidividuals who are master in one subject will help in company ' s growth and development . they willl bring recognition to the company . students also prefer doing master in one subject only because if they specialise in one subject this will bring for them more growth opportunity , more job opportunity and more recognition . as i have done my graduation in the field of interior designing but i am planning to do my mastersas commercial designer because today 's market is full with interior designer but people prefer going to the specialist of all the fiilds . like for kitchen designing they prefer going to kitchen specialist , for landscape designing they would go to landscape specialist , for furniture designing they will hire furniture designer . even client 's want master for all the work they want to do . even lot of renowned and reputed college give degree in one psrticular field . in the coming time there will be more need of specialised people . as scientist try to study and do reasearches in one field only because if they will try doing research in all field their work will be messed up and world wo n't get all advanced electronical gadget or luxury of life . so different scientist work in different field and that too of their interest . so in the end i would like to conclude that it always better to sutdy and specialise in one subject only because with this person is able to focus in one direction only and doesn ; t get hampered by other thing and this brings more recognition and growth opprtunities in his life and his life becomes more organised ,