i would rather agree with that statement . at the beginning i better define what i mean by saying `` young people '' and `` old people '' . young people are in the age of 15 to 30 and old people could be considered a older than 50 year . of course there is a gab in between , but like in most discussion there is not only a black and white scheme , but also a `` grey '' in between . well , first of all , in my perception young people are simply more active than older people . this is truly a obvious argument , but why is that ? young people are more curious and le experienced . because of this they feel more demand to go out , discover , making new experience . they are still more in a process of personal development than older people are . speed is a signifacant reference for that . an example - young people fell in love more often and probably have more relationship than people have in older day . they discover much more stream of the `` zeitgeist '' , which mean they develop new form of expression like new music style , fashion , computer gaming and new kind of behaviour like flashmobbing or exchange via internet . despite the fact that young people have le money to spend than older people , they are trying out new way of travelling and doing party . older people are in general le open to new development . they are often not able to keep up with all new stream and development in society . they are embedded in their normal day situation which often only consists of business and family . their social activity and sport activies more or le follow the same pattern . of course it is possible to older people to enjoy their life too , but they often wait too long until starting with that . in their older day they are often handicaped and unable to to what they always wanted to to , to go out and feel young again . this might be quite frustrating . to sum up i would clearly argue that young people are doing much more activity than older people . and they are le defined by their job , a family , a duty or handicaped by their physical ability .