advertisemnts have been known a the sole source for people to know about product ; therefore , many people tend to believe all what they hear in medium mean . many advertisment company promote thier product perfectly and fictionally than they really are ; therefore , i agree with this statement . my point of veiw is that those company want to increase thier profit and to compete othe competetors . first , many advertisment company make product much better than they really are in order to increase their profit . greediness play a part in this problem . as the people get monery this guality terrifingly increase along with it . they try to use every mean to increase thier profit at the end of the year . what those people do is exploiting people need of a cheap product by decresing the quality and the cost of thier product , and to crow all this , they promote their product in medium . as a resulte , people rush to the supermarket after hearing the ad without thinking . last year , for example , i saw an ad about shampoo that make the hair nicer . i wa so surprised with it price and did not noticed that it wa bad for the hair . as i used that shapoo , my hair started to fall down and had to rush to my doctor to help me in this . in addtion to the increase of thier profit , some advertisment company make product much better than they really are in order to compete other company . in this vicious world of business , any mean whether it is legil or not is valid . those company ' aim is competeing others even if that mean exploiting people need . what they want is be the pioneer and first in everythings . as a resultes , they add many untrue information about thier product in order to convince the buyer to purchase from them and not from other company . when you open a t.v. you will see what i mean . ads are all over the channel . thouthands od them about a particluar product that it is hard to choose from . those ad provide information that do not make any sense or are not persuasive . i saw a an ad about a car , saying that when you ride in it you will feel that you are flying . so i went to thatcar shop and tried it , thier seat were like a stone . then i knew that thier advertisemnet wa fake and untrue . gaining more profit and competing other company are reason which allowed many company to exploit people need for better and cheaper product . govermants should enforece or emphizis their role in this byy stricts those advertisments and pas an regulation that punish any company which try to mislead people . for the above reason , i agree that most advertisement make product much better than they really are .