one of the most contraversial and hot topic that ha been discussed for a long time is that whether an advertisement can change the image of the product in a better way than the product actually is . in spite of the fact that some people think the product is what it is and nothing can change the quality of it , advertisement is a very effective way to better the product in advance . the way the product is advertised ha a vital importance . it can show the product much better by using couple of element . undoubltly , advertisement help to show a product much better that it actually is only if the advertisement is good . however , what can be supposed a a good ? what is the quality of good ? to be able to answer those question we need to be really very careful about the strategy we use in the advertisement . the new technologhy enables u to do million of thing with the camera . the color on the product might be shown much more brighter a it is or the little deficiency might be hidden when it is advertised . besides that the language that is used in the advertisement is very important too . the word and the tonation must be appropriate to the product that is getting advertised . for example , in a drink advertisement , a man is getting really thirsty after sport and he is drinking his drink . the sound that he is making when he take a sip from the bottle and after he is done the way he talk or stand - feeling of relief - make a big difference . however , a person who drink it may still feel like he is pretty thirsty . with advertisement , product can be exxagarated greatly . this is actually what a lot of advertisement do . they show the product in a superior way like `` if you wear this shoe , you will fly . '' this technique actually work pretty good . eventhough it can help to make the product seem better , once people buy it , they sue the company right away . as a result , since in today modern world , there are great way in the advertisement area , the product can be shown much more different that it is . technology and the way of language help to exxagarate the product and it affect people 's physchology . eventhough they feel bad and disappointed after they purchase the product , it definitiely help to show the product better .