what we buy ? we are living in a world which is highly industrialized . this industrialization automatically brings the increase in the consumption - consuption in any way such a car , clothes , machine , etc. - that is why we also face with the advertisement industry . the more we need the material to consume , the more advertised producs we face . thus , those people who are in the business of making advertisement use different type of method to convince their customer , one is obviously to display their product in a much better way than they are , to begin with the the technique used in advertisement making , we generally face with the visual material on tv or magazine commercial , even on the billboard . the product is displayed in a manner where you can really get fascinated that how the material is really impressive . if we take the advertisement of a mascara , called x , a an example , we can make the scene a : there is always a very beautiful model who us x and she could make an imressive effect over people with her glorious eye . an ordinary woman watch this commercial and can not stop herselt to buy a x in order to make her eye a beasutiful a the model 's . however what come after ? the x can not show the same effect a it ha made on the beautiful model . this is really a basic illustration of how the advertisement sometimes forget about the ethical norm . on the other hand some people claim that this is not true for all the case , there can maybe some loyal company which want to be virtuous towards their customer , but their number are really quite limited . the main rason for a company to display it product in a better way 's to get profit . most of the company generally have their specific people and project group who are responsible of making advertisement . furthermore the company is ready to sacrifice a huge amount of money to improve the advertisement of it producs . this is du the fact that they are aware of the future income . they know that if they illustrate their product in a much better way by using different technique such a paying a lot to the beautiful model , the people can consume more then the normal time . to sum up , although it is unethical for a company to give a different image of it product , they unfortunatetly imply this method . the amount of money they would earn after a good advertisement can block the eye of the producer /