it apears to be more obvious that young people , especialy childern , enjoy thier life more that older people . that fact depends on many reason . here are some of them wich i would like to disscus , child have no responsibilty , older preople are wiser , and finaly child have all the time they need and more . the fact that child have no responsibility make them carefree , no careless , but carefree where they can do watever they want and all they have to do is learn form thier mistake . learning is the easy part a there are no consiquenses . as for the older people they have dun all the learning that is required and now all thier actiong have consequenses , and no matter how tough the consequenses are , the adult have to face them and pay for thier mistake , which they have learned of before . it is also harder for older people to enjoy their time because they are the one teaching and taking care of the child that have yet to learn and understand , so while the child have no resposibility but to learn , the adult are responsible for their acitons a well a they are responsible for the child . it is proven that most of the enjoyable thing to do are considered rong and imature . older people or adult are expected to be more mature that child and therefor they are not alowed or more precisly not expected to do these imature thing , which everyone find more fun . the child on the other hand are their to prove that the grown ups are more mature , the child do nothing but imature thing wich they enjoy , but eventualy they are bownd to learn form the adult , who are more mature , that these enjoyalbe imature acitons are not permited and rong . while older people start to realise that they have le time , to make something of their life , than they had , they start to focuse more on their career and they devote all thier time to thier work and job . not noticing that they could be spending that time enjoying their presuse time . children in that case have nothing to worry about , for they have all their life ahead of them and they have a lot of time left . they do not think that they are running out of time so they just simply enjoy life , and not wasiting any of it . it is clear that child enjoy life more than older people , even though adult could enjoy thier life almost just a much a child if they want to . adults are always spending time teaching child about life , when it 's the child that could teach grown-ups a lot about how to live life and enjoy it completly .