i agree with this statement for the following three reason . first of all , i do think learning the basic idea of the concept or the lesson are more important than knowing the fact . take the math class for example . in most math class , the student are taught the fact of the theory . and there are some basic way for them to calculate the math question . but it is not useful for student to understand the meaning for the question . they always try to momorize the way how to calculate them instead of truly understand the meaning of the question or the reason they use the way to solve them . it make student easy to forget the way how they calculate them a long a they do not try to keep them in mind often . it fails to teach student the real meaning of education . second , if all the student only try to know and remember the fact instead of understanding the concept and idea , it is such a pity for student to know the valuable treasure that our ancestor left for u . take history for example . we did have a lot of famous war or event in history and they all have their special meaning at that time . why they were fighting ? what factor made them do this ? and what the result were made after these war or great event ? if the generation such a the student only know the fact that who win and lost in this war instead of trying to understand the meaning of the history , they will not gain what the ancestor left for u and what they really want u to learn from these experience . finally , if the student can learn the idea and concept instead of being told the result , they will learn how to think and judge thing by themselves . we do not want our student to be the learning machine . it is so sad if student get used to receiving information instead of thinking them and responsing them . if that happens , there is no interaction between the teacher and student . we should discipline our student to think and judge thing . they will have their own thought if they learn the idea or concept , they will have quetions and response to them . that is the way that we should educate our student . in conclusion , a an old saying `` we should teach student how to fish instead of giving them fish directly . '' teachers and the educational system should put more emphasis on educating student the basic idea and concept .