in today 's society , which is characterized by a hectic way of life , the desire of going everywhere employing fewer and fewer time ha dominated the transportation market . the result is that in recent year the number of car used ha increased spectacularly . but , will this trend continue in the following year ? this is a very controversial issue . on one hand , the enviromental problem and future supply shortage are pushing government to face the transportation problem in different way . on the other hand , there are a big and powerful industry which will make hard to abandon the system based on fossil fuel . in my opinion , the current situation is bad enough to compell society to offer alternative solution to this problem which will result in the decrease of the number of car . to begin , the amount of fossil fuel available is decreasing very rapidly . therefore , some time in the future will be no oil or gas . this is a cogent argument which should compell government to take some measure to prevent that situation . this open up a bunch of alternative possibility to provide another mean of transportation different from car . the first solution should focus in reducing the use of fossil fuel . this include enhance the use of public transportation , foster the use of bycicles in city and so on . further solution will take into account the substitution of fossil fuel dependent car . the new technology develop to overcome this problem will result in new type of machine , which can be similar to car , but will be no longer the traditional car . another crucial point , is the enviromental issue . during the last year more and more people are aware that the use of car contribute highly to the pollution . in fact , in some big city , such a mexico d.f. and milan , strict measure had to be taken in order to reduce the air pollution . such measure include restriction in the acces to the center , in the day of the week one can take the car , etc . in conclussion , all the possible solution indicates that a reduction in the number of car circulating need to take place . summing up , keeping in mind all the problem mentioned above , it is clear that the current trend regarding the use of car can not be held . enviromental , social and technology argument indicate that new mean of transportation will gradually take the place of today 's car . therefore , the number of car in twenty year will be definitely le than the number of car used today .