i partiall agree with the statement that the young people enjoy life more than older people do . it indeed seems that the youth are more energetic and many new thing around u are created by them , however the old people also enjoy their life in their own way , which may be no le than the youth do . first , we have to admit that the youth , due to their age and physical strength , are more likely to take part in some fierce and competitive acitivities , such a football , disco dancing , bungee etc , therefore , their life are full of thrill and challenge more probably . for example , if you want to take part in the football game , you must be strong , firm , not afraid of your opponent no matter how strong they are . then you must strive not to let your goal pas into the opponent ' team , you also need to discover or create the best opportunity for shooting . therefore , this is a good experience of relaxing yourself and acquiring a sense of accomplishment . besides the activity that are suitable for the young people , it is no doubt that the young people are more sensitive to newly-emerging thing and term , because their knowledge structure is not set , so they dare and are willing to taste thing that are new to them . with the development of technology and society . you can find many new term such a cool , surfing the internet , ipod , 3x etc . all of these are created and used by the youth for the first time . however , these doe n't mean the older people have nothing to do to enjoy their everyday life . on the contrary the elderly people , because of their experience , is more wise in making important decision about what should give up and what should stick on . for instance , many successful investment are accomplished by business who ha rich experience . so impetus at a time wo n't make them make wrong decisons will cost billion of money . in summary , the youth and the elderly have their own characteristic in enjoying their life . maybe the previous like to try something new and exciting , the latter prefer a calm and rational way of enjoying life .