i think that the question to either have a broad knowledge of a variety of subject or to have a good and specialised understanding in one subject is a difficult one . i agree with both of the point to some extent . first of all , it is important for a younger student to have a broad knowledge of many subject . schools , in particular primary and secondary school should try and give their student a broader overview of many subject . this is also important in the younger year of a student life , because most of the student have not decided what they will do in their future life . they are not really sure what they are really interested in and in what area they want to specialize . when it come to secondary school , student should be given their first choice , based on the knowledge they haev already obtained . they should be able to limit their subject choice and cut down on the number of area where they have to study in . of course , this would also result in deepening the knowledge in the subject chosen . when it come to the last two to three year of school for student , they should be given lesson in only the six to seven area they are really interested in . whereas , i think that certain subject do not even have to be taken . currently , mathematics , german , a second language , history or politics and biology , chemistry or physics have to be studied . i think this is not needed , a different student of course have different strength , not only in life , but also in their academic . i have attended a german `` gymnasium '' until year 10 , where we were not able to make any choice whatsoever . studying 16 to 18 subject wa not an exception . i have also attended an australian school , only studying 5 subject . the coice wa widely open and no mathematics or language or any subjetcs were required to be able to do your exam at the end and gain university entrance . however , for certain university course , student also had to take certain school course . one such example would be medecine , where student had to have biology and chemistry , a well a taking the umat test , to see if they are suitable for such a course and also later on such a job . i think this is a successful approach for student , which not only give them the motivation they need in school , but also the requirement to successful result at the end of their school time . on the side , we also have university student who have to be taken under consideration . of course they are a different matter altogether . i hold the opinion that the le subject they take and the deeper they go into detail in their study , the better it is . at the beginning of a three to four year study period for their first degree in that area , university student should get a bit of a broader overview of the area for one to two semester . in that period of time , they get the time needed to see what specifically they want to do and with what exactly they want to continue . the rest of the remaining study period , university student should be prepared for exactly the field they are interested in and want to get a working place later on . this is neccessary to make sure that every one of the student is really good at what they are doing and can prepare well for their choice of job . this would give the university student not only more choice from which they can choose their course , but it would also prepare them better for what they will do later in their life . it would also be a positive criterion for employer when they take people , because then they can be sure that they know what the person is doing and that the person know a much a possible about what he or she is doing and also the background information that is needed . time and money is saved a well , a people come into the workforce and do not have to get an introduction how everything work over a long period of time . therefore , i would say that there is not a totally clear answer to the question , but the tendency in the later year of education for me is towards a specialization in one , maybe two subject .