in general i agree with this statement . the task of education is to learn general skill , concept and cultural ability that can be useful in different situation . if the student are fed up only with fact and particular information they are not likely to develop the ability to collect , use and elaborate these information . we may use two kind of example to shed a light on this question . firstly , let u use this comparison . if the mind is like a computer , we can say that the concept are like the software and that the fact are like the information processed by the software . without the software the brute information have no meaning and are useless , but , nevertheless , without the information the software is empty . then , concept and fact are necessary to each other . secondly , we may analyse the case of history . there is a great historiographical debate between those who conceive the history a made of singular fact and those who see the history a made of great movement . but leaving aside this problem , we can say that the general historical concept , such a modernization , industrial revolution , etc. , help the historian in the collection and interpretation of the fact . without a general idea that give the direction , the historian would not be able to make his research and give a meaning to the fact he collect . furthermore , general historical concept are very useful for the student . without learning basic historical movement and period , a student can not remember so many historical fact . concepts help the memory and the understanding of thing . as a general conclusion , we may say that , if the fact give the specifical information on a topic , the concept provide the general understanding . probably , the concept stem from an operation of synthesis of different fact under a unique point of view , but when a concept is understood , it can be used a a tool in different situation . finally , it is more important to understand idea and concept than to learn fact , because the task of education is the development of general skill . if this is not learned the student will not be able to work on the fact and will be like an database full of information and unable to use them .