the car ha rapidly become the main way of transport for active citizen in the 20th century . still , some say that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use then there are today . of course there are many argument that support this statement but there are also argument that refute it . in effect , the car industry is in no way slowing down it 's production . on the contrary , news car appear on the market all the time . most car company are aware of the new restriction for car owner and these new model work around them . for example , when faced with the mounting parking problem , a company issued the smart , whose size permitted the owner to park easily . other model use le gas thus working around the pollution problem . however the argument in favour of this statement hold more weight . one of the many reason the number of car will go down is that right now , even with small car , it is too hard to park your car in city . parking is becoming an issue with commuter a it is also a waste of time that many could do without . also because of environment issue such a pollution , many government encourage public transportation such a the train or bus . in paris , the mayor ha rendered certain part of the city difficult to access by car . the bus service is becoming more adapted to the need of the citizen ' need such a comfort and availability . to make trip faster , the street is divided into corridor , one for bus and one for car . of cours there are still many car so now car owner are faced with monstrous traffic jam while bus user just whiz by . the metro system cover most part of the city so many resort to the subway a mean of transport . if i wish to cross paris rapidly , i know that it is faster to take the subway than to take a car . even though a car provides comfort that public transportation lack and is also easier to use for your schedule the con are largely outnumbering the pro and with the awareness of all the trouble the environment is having , many are rethinking their frequent car use . i believe that in twenty year there will indeed be le car is use , a they will be reserved for long trip or transportation in rural area .