currently , because of the rising oil demand in the would-be next-gen superpower china and india , there is a rise in the demand of car a well . however , also at the same time , because of some futurist ( scholar who `` prophesy '' how will our life be in the future ) claiming that crude oil will run out in forty year time and the fact that our so-called ozone-hole is getting larger almost by the size of korean peninula every year , it seems to me that in twenty year car would be abandoned much more than now . first , there are environmental problem . i have seen a documentary addressing this issue . rather shockingly , because of rising sea level ( due to ice melting ) caused by global warming ( caused mostly by burning oil ) , someone in america made an article claiming our planet could encounter yet another ice age in le than twenty year time . the fear of encounting constant blizzard that ha terrorized earth 's specie over time should be quite enough to make people give up car . second , unless we have a more environmental friendly and renewable energy source , car would have to be abandoned . think about this . if only oil and lpgs can run our car now , they would become scarce in twenty year time , which also mean that petroleum ( including both oil and gas ) price would skyrocket . it is already skyrocketing and it will be more severe in the future . and we make plastic . plastic come from crude oil , which mean that plastic is another reason why we deplete oil . so cutting down on plastic is another problem to using oil , and people wo n't really give up this convenient substance . finally , and if we are to be optimistic about it , is that we will overcome the environmental and energy problem and have flying machine right up there with skyscraper that are no longer called skyscraper because they are common . although this can not happen , proven by the development speed of contemporary society ( and probably late stanley cubrick 's ` 2001 space odyssey ' ) , who know ? it might just happen ! so my opinion is that there will be much le car than now . but if we can overcome problem like car with hydrogen engine exploding all the time and find out method like how to generate energy from solar battery even if it is cloudy , then there could be many car like now . but because these problem are hard to overcome , i 'll go with the downfall of car .