it is a very hard subject to bring up individual that are so well developed by mean of academic acknowledement and will be able to discover thing that may be milestone of the concerning science . the action can be more well defined by using ` bring himself up ' since the process go on like this : up to some point you take the hardware ; namely education and consequently you define your route which goesto that ` milestone` . up to the second part the enviroment is so significant and if ever there are well opportunity to develop your skill it could be used so efficiently and this should be considered good luck since there are no equivalent chance everywhere . as to close again to the subject some people are describing their task around scientific happening and they have an hard job to deal since it is the most difficult part of the life to discover something . a few decade ago scientist had worked on wide topic and there are so many example of them who make different associative study and made product even in mathematics and chemistry which are so far topic . furtherly there are much more example who studied relatively close topic such a physic and mathematics . in our century there are more available interdiciplinary area namely the preliminary are ready but further relation should be determined . it can be said that a sufficient theoretical base have been prepared and with the help of technological revolution the practical aspect are being performed . but anomg these several interdiciplinary area there is happening a more accelerated development compared to the technological development and there becomes much more work to handle . the code of the nature is being simplified but the humanity is learning that the complexity - a described in physical science the enthropy - around u is more than we imagine . as a coclusion ; a the time pass we learn and get surprised about the wideness of the universe but the day we are living is not that a in the 17 th century to sit at home and try to get some formula about diferent science /