the idea that young people nowadays do not devote enough time , and thus have become le altrustic towards their community than before , is a common mistake . this idea come from a well known process which lead the formation of several other prejudice ( like , for example , the idea that home made product are always better than industrial one ) . this phenomenon , which i would call ` the myth of old time ' , is based on the common perception that younger generation are much more egoist and greedy than older one . it is often thought , especially in ageing society , like in our wealthy western nation , that younger people intrinsically lack value , and for this reason do not do enough for their community . it is certainly true that there ha been an evolution towards society more based on individual and it is also true that the time shedule of the people have started to be impressingly filled by many activites . but this doe not authomatically lead to the statement that young people are egoist towards thier community . first , this increased individualism and time shortage applies to all the age group in an equal manner , and second , nowadays community have much le need which must be satisfied by the commitment of young people . examples of this type are elderly healthcare , childcare , and a lot o small activity such a taking water from the river , etc etc . therefore decreased need mean decreased need of time to devote . if one try to honestly look at the evidence , the data suggests that the commitment towards volounteer organization ha grown steadily and strongly among young people in the last decade . nowadays , the work of young people for their community , though certainly changed in it organization , look much more effective ( also due to technological progress ) and genuinely driven by the will of helping other people than before . there are thousand of junior volounteering group all across united states witnessing this fact . for these reason , i strongly disagree with the passage and i believe that nowadays young people devote quite a reasonable amount of time to help their community .