knowledge is must for every individual in order to scope with fast moving world . it help u to reach the acme position level . when coming to the knowledge of our academic level , some prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . i personally prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic subject . by having the knowledge of all the subject it make helpful for student to emphase on all the subject and how each subject is somewhat related to every subject . by having knowledge on each subject he or she can settle in any type of field , that is if one subject 's boom is not there he or she can switch to another field whereas if we are specialize in one subject and that subject field is not in boom to get job and we ca n't switch to another field a easy a possible . by having knowlege of all the subject we know the detail of each subject and we can make use of it whenever we want it . for example , after completing the engineering course my friend he specialized in one subject and i had broad knowledge of all the subject and we fortunately got job in the embedded company , it is the field that we must know all the subject knowledge in order to make a embedded product . a work is submitted to u and our manager asked to do it separately and who will do it first they will given bonus in salary and who will fail to do it they will be removed from the company . in order to make the product we must know the knowledge of our academic subject . as i wa having broad knowledge of all subject , it made helpful inorder to make the product in time and to get bonus , my friend a he wa not aware of knowledge of differnt subject he wa not able to do the task and he wa removed from the company . where a myself i am enjoying the work and earning more . thus it is helpful for every individual to have broad knowlege of all the subject in order to get sucess in their life which will be helpful in order to shape there career bright and good .