i really aggree with this statement . to my mind , it is necessary for success to walk on new way . this is the only opportunity to solve and to get along with problem in a successfull way . the first point to mention why i think that the statement above is correct is that people who only repeat their normal way of life do not focus on alternative sollutions . they have their known scheme to solve problem in their daily life . this might be for them a satisfying opportunity to live and to relax in their personal sphere . but this relaxation is the point why they are not successful a other people are . you have to take risk and to try new thing to reach the level of success . your personal experience and your knowledge make you understand the world and to react in several daily situation . but success is the product of knowledge and looking forward . risk is an essential element of looking forward . only by braking out of your normal life you can discover new perspective in your job and your private area . to make it clear , i am not in the opinion that somebody should risk his life every day . `` risk '' mean to go an alternative way . a way , you wont go by reflecting only on your experience . you can for example look for a new job when it offer more chance for your career . people should not only look on the money they can earn in their profession . they should more reflect on their career opportunity . let u talk about a young business man . he can open another coffee shop near the central station , the third in the street , or he can develop a fundamental new concept of selling good . the research work before may be cost intensive and can be a risk . but when he ha established a new product or a new selling method he is the only one having this advantage . this is a way of success . i think every person is curious from the birth to death . but the experience we collect during our life make u a bit tired . to my mind , people who save this curiosity are more successfull than other . children try more . they risk more . this is the reason why they are so successfull in growing up in a relatively short period of time . you can only be successfull by thinking different .