since the time of the renaissance , people ask the question if it is better to have a vast knowledge in a many field a possible or to be one of the best in a single subject . i believe that the rennaissance-man , a person who know a lot about many subject , like leonardo da vinci , still should be the ideal for all of u - even if this might sound a bit outdated . there are three reason that make me think that it is still wrong to specialize in one specific subject . first , there is my personal situtation . as a lawyer , it would be a big mistake for me to concentrate on only one single subject . if i want to win a case in court in - for example , a case where technical question are to be considered - it is not enough to just know about the law . you have to understand the technical issue a good a possible . second , since most people tend to specialize , the allrounder can have a big advantage . he is not part of the big crowd of specialist . he is different . and there will always be company who want to hire somebody who is able to look at a certain problem from another angle - something the specialist simply can not provide . third , specialization can lead to boredom . the one that ha to deal with only one specific subject for all of his professional life is likely to become frustrated for not being able to do something else for an instance . and because people change over the time , doing something is what many people desperately want . da vinci wa an artist , a doctor and an inventor to name just a few of the field he wa working in . he always wa given a job a far a i know . he wa able to merge his artistic talent and his knowledge of the human body - something a specialist , taught in only one of these field , would be unable to do . and there are no report that da vinci ever got fed up with what he wa doing . therefore i believe that he , who had vast knowledge of many academic subject , still would be better up in modern society than all of the specialist .