i do not feel that young people enjoy life more than older people do because i believe that they are also human an every human enjoy 's his life to fullest and to the best of his capacity . even though there idea or way of enjoyment is different . we should also not forget that these old people were also young someday so they know much better than young people the defination of `` enjoying . '' i do not feel that older people enjoy life le this is because being a human they always have a desire of enjoyment . there may be the case that there way of enjoyment is different a compared to young people because of the constraint such a age or physical disability which come with age . for example for the young people enjoyment could be doing mountain climbing or playing basket ball but because of age they are not able to do all these activity . instead they love to go for a walk or sit with friend and have coffee which young people find boring . this made them think that old people dont know enjoyment . they tend to forget that these old people were also young and have done all these activity . secondally , i feel this because older people also have various responsibility toward their work and family and being old society also expects that them to be responsible for their action but young people are generally away from these tension . even then we find older people laughing and always present and supporting these young generation . thirdly , older people with their experience and intelligence which grows with time know the proper defination of enjoyment . it doe not mean trying out risky act such a driving a bike at high speed or keeping your both hand free , which younger generation find the idea of real fun . instead they know that it is a shear stupidity and not fun . on the other hand you will find older people driving slowly and listening to a romantic music with their better half in side or you will also see them with their grand child and singing a famous nursery rhyme . at last , i would like to conclude it a that the older people find their happiness or they enjoy when their family is happy , when these younger people are happy . so , it would be very wrong on anybody 's part to say that `` young people enjoy more life than older people do '' instead it should be said that '' older people make younger people to enjoy. `` because all the tension of life are taken by them and the younger people are left free of all problem .