in this modern era of drastic change of sceince and technology , young people play a predominant role . they really assimulate all their potential in interpreting their skill in different area and strive hard in attaning their desired result . this young generation doe not hinder any issue they have taken up and it show their dedication and commitment in their work . nowadays , people are often engaged to their buzy schedule in making their future or in job and are le evident to their resposibility towards to community they live in . buzy schedule may not be the prime cause of negligence but their are some more important issue to be considered like their might not be a truthful leader who can make them realise of their resposibilities towards the society . young people are the essence of a country 's development . they are the future citizen who act a a role model for futher generation to come when they are perfectly on a right path by the elder . this can make them more responsible towards their duty . one of the best example like , last month a train accident occured in banglore , india . . a it wa in the early hour thre wa not any major helpline available but a bunch of boy who were engineers have taken the resposibility not only to call for the helpline but also taking up the necessary first ai measure available in the train . another example , when the katrina ha hit the usa , basket ball teenager organised a charity match between their fellow competitor and managed to gather about thirty thousand dollar for the victim . they have recieved many applauds for their tremondous work for the humanity . also young people of diiferent country have taken up the responsibility of joining the relief camp and to help the victim . these dynamic people are really paying alot in term of their service to the humanity . finally , young player nowadays are definetly working hard not only for themselves but also for the community inturn to the country . all they need is some kind of encouragement in carrying out their duty towards the community .