in my opinion and in my own experice , i have treveled with my parent since i wa a child , and normally we book the hotel and the rest of the trip is invent it , i mean we decide where to go and how much time spend in each place , we do not have to depend on any guide . if you want to travel in eruope for example and you have only one month , sometimes is better to have a guide becouse he know 's the best place that you can visit , but the problem is that he going to tell you when you have to eat , when you have to rest and even worst when you have to wake up . when i went to work in bangladesh , i did an internship there , anyway , when i finished my job , i started to travel in myanmar and then in the north of india , i bougth a guide book , called lonly planet , with that book i knew which place i could visit , where can you eat , sleep and even better how much money you have to pay . i liked to travel by myself becouse you can learn more about the culture of each place and sometimes you can take part of it . when i arrived to bangladesh i never thoung that i wa to find a girlfriend there , i did not try to meet a muslime girlfried , i met a girl from switzerland and actually she is my girlfriend , this kind of experience i think is more difficult to live it if you travel in a group . for example in myanmar i met one local person and when i saw him again , he invited me at his wedding , this aspect are the best of the trip becouse you never think that is going to happed . another good thing if you travel by yourself is that you going to meet new friend and you can join them in their trip . i do not say that in a group you are not goin to meet people , of course you will . my advise is : if you are young and you can travel like a backpacker , do it , becouse when you are old and you can not walk long distaces , i think is better to pay a tour guide , becouse you do not have to worry about anything only you have to wake up early . you going to remeber more if you face some problem during your trip becouse you have to handle it .