i completely agree to the statement and i strongly believe that in order to succeed one should be willing to take chances/risks in life and try unexplored avenue . i 'd like to support my statement by mentioning following point and example : firstly , a we all know that we have to live once and a some people say that life is not a rehearsal , i think we have been given just one opportunity to explore different avenue of life . indeed life would become very monotonous and boring if risks/chances are not taken and novel thing are not tried . having said that it should be taken into consideration that the chance taken should not harm oneself or others . for instance , if we think of the big name of business world like bill gate and sushil mittal , they could not have achieved their current status , if they would n't have taken risk in their life . these people were not well acquainted with computer and steel , respectively when they started but because of their willingness to explore and take chance they undoubteldy succeed and reached to the highest level . secondly , i believe that if risks/chances are not taken in most of the area , it would definitely affect the rate at which we invent newer technology today . most of the advance are based on assumption that one would succeed while attempting a particular task . for example , momentous discovery like computer , internet , telescope , etc. would not have been possible without taking the risk and considering the possiblity of failure . thirdly , i feel that one should be concious of that fact while taking risks/chances that success is not always a surity becasue we always do not get what we aim for . so it 's not essentially true that people who took chance earlier are only successful one , but there are people who were unable to achieve what they desired despite of taking risk . finally , i conclude that though there is no harm in working on only doing something that a person know well , but i think that would make life very stagnant and our advancement will be badly hampered . so a person should always be willing to lookout for opportunites and take calculated risk in his life and sooner or later he would definitely taste success .