enjoying life to the fullest ha always been the aim and desire of man . everything we do during our lifetime is to quench our thirst for living a better life . but everyone ha a different definition of enjoying life . usually the youngster have a different method of enjoying life than the old people . but this method is taking it toll on u . the risk factor associated with the willingness to try everything - which is always associated with the way youngster enjoy - make this method one which is not worth giving even one try . the young people aim to enjoy all the joy which the life ha to offer . but this type of enjoyment is only superficial and short-lived . after some time , the youngster get to see the serious and dark side of the life . also they realize the futility of what they think to be enjoyable . but the old people - the more wiser and the more matured , those who have seen what life is all about - have a different and a more fulfilling way of enjoyment . they prefer to relish their own achievement and accomplishment which have made them what they are today . they have a more practical and wiser approach towards life and they know the limit of enjoyment . the young people , on the contrary , do not know their limit and may take their enjoyment to such a height from where return might not be possible . or even if the return is possible , it would not be in the manner we would like it to be . to elaborate this point , consider the example of a group of partying teenager . they are still novice when it come to the skill of living life . in their desire for enjoyment and willingness to try everything new and `` cool '' , they might use drug . the original intention might be innocuous but it may lead to addiction or even death . is this what you call enjoyment ? mixing drug with your drink so that you can dance all night long is not called enjoyment , not at all . it is actually called sheer stupidity . taking foolish step whose consequence we are unaware of can lead to deep regret later . but what about the old people ? i think these are the people who enjoy more than the young generation . how ? these people have actually gone through all that mentioned above . they know that one single mistake can actually bring your whole life to a mighty crash . and there is nothing bad or `` dangerous '' in sitting with old friend and reminiscing about auld lang syne . it is not the young can not enjoy , it is just that they do not know `` how '' to enjoy . actually , the youth is the time to enjoy and make merry , but today 's generation seems to misinterpret it . there is a different and a better way of enjoyment than taking drug and repenting one decision all life long .