i can not agree or disagree with the statement a it stand . sometimes innovation and risk-taking is vital to success , at other time it will lead to disaster . consider ibm 's system / 360 family of computes introduced in 1964 . it wa intended a replacement for the series 1400 business computer and series 7000 academic computer . until then , ibm had been selling two inherently incompatible class of computer meaning that it have to give different training for each type of computer and also that part and accessory were not compatible . the s / 360 wa designed to address both commercial and academic requirement , making it the all round computer , which is why it wa named after the 360 degree of a complete circle . furthermore , upgrading from a small computer to a bigger one meant that all of the program had to be written again . the s / 360 made it possible for customer to start with a small computer and gradually upgrade to more powerful computer , protecting their investment all the way . it wa a very risky move for ibm but it worked and made ibm the leader of the industry . others were not a lucky a ibm wa . steve jobs , the man who pioneered personal computer , wa so impressed with research in xerox parc that he built the world 's first gui * graph'cal user interface ( personal computer . the ` lisa ' had window , menu and all the feature of a user friendy interface that ha become prolific with the spread of windows . however it also had a price tag of around $ 10,000 and it failed miserably . steve jobs went ahead and built another gui computer which he called the macintosh . that wa juch cheaper but made no pretence to being compatible with the ibm pc . once again jobs had taken a risk and failed to succeed . it would appear that taking risk is necessary for success but it is also dangerous . doing what one know best sound like sensible advice . however it shoud be re-phrased a follows : ` do only what you can do better than the competition ' . just because an individual excels at playing chess doe n't mean he could make a living playing chess . for that he would have to beat the world champion . only a handful of grandmaster can be successful in making a money by winning competition . this rule applies to practically all sport . it is a not good idea to attempt to do anything without first learning it , or at least displaying an aptitude for it . there is a good reason why every profession is in the hand of professional who have trained many year . in some case , like medicine or mining , people without the right background are not legally allowed to practise at all . taking risk or specialising in certain field is essentially a matter of common sense and analysing the circumstance correctly .