when i wa elementary student , i went to swimming school , cram school , and tennis school , so that i did n't have a time to contact with my community . therefore , i agree with the opinion that young people nowadays do not give enought time to helping their community . the reason is that their parent have the child learn many thing . another reason is that the relationship in community is getting weak . many child go to cram school and learn many thing such a swimming and tennis . in recent year , people 's academic level is emphasised , so that parent let their child go to cram school to get better the their childrens ' ability to enter the good school . because of this tendensy , the competition to enter the good school is more higher that that of few year ago . therefore , the parent get their child to go to 2 or more cram school . for example , my cousin is 3 year old , and he already go to kind of cram school to learn how to caculate and english . though he is 3 year old , he daose n't have a time to play with his friend . moreover , if the child have a little time expect the time which they go to cram school , they will use a time to play with their freinds and do n't help their community . therfore , the time to helping their community dose n't exsist in youg people 's life . the relationship of community is weak . for example , my friend dose n't know the neightboor because they do n't meet each other and there are n't event in their community . thefore , there are n't the oppotunities to know who live in the community and make frieds with each other . in these comuniti that the citizen relationship is weak , how they can help the neightboor who they do n't kanow . when i wa elementary student , the big earthquake wa occured in my city . it is noamal to help each other if the disaster occur . however , no one help each other and they just think about their family . the good thing for young people is to help their community . by doing this , they can get the sprit of voluteer and the sprit of helping people . however , in recently , they are very busy to do learn many thing to earn the good school . also , the citizen are only care about their family becasue of weakness of relationship in their community . therefore , i difenitily agree with the opinion that young people do not give enought time to helping thier community .