some people emphasize learning fact at the education my country korea is also following that belief and whole education is established under that concept . however , while i go through the 12 year 's korean education system , i found that it is not good for student . i prefer the other way , emphasizing understanding idea and concept at the education , since it make student be able to use their knowlege , be creative and enjoy learning . most of all , even though student know fact , if they ca n't understand them , they ca n't use their knowledge . when i took music class , teacher explained me about chord - c , d , e , minor , major , etc. - but i could n't play music by them . however , very after i hear those chord by touching the key of piano and understand what they are , i could play lot of song . such a smart idea it wa to understand the concept , not satisfied by only know them . moreover , understanding idea and concept make student more creative . if student learn only fact , they only know about that . however , if they understand the original idea and concept , they can creat and change those in their own way . this experience may extend their knowledge and give a new concept of futher study . indeed , it 's significant to understand idea and concept since it make them creative . furthermore , student become enjoying learning while they understand concept and idea . as understanding idea and concept , they can feel the joy of discovery . they can feel the feeling of the one who first find the theory . it make them enjoy learnig and study by themselves . always , people who want to study well , they should enjoy it and understanding concept and idea help them to be like that . in conclusion , understanding idea and concept is better and more important for student oweing to that they can use their knowedge , become creative and feel joy when they study . if the education system of country follow this way , it might be better for the student of that country . i suggest my country korea to choose that way , either .