personally i feel that it is better to specialize in one specific subject rather than having broad knowledge of many academic subject . i feel so because , in the present world wherein competition is at it peak level , in order to excel in any field we need to have complete knowledge about that particular field . for that we need to concentrate a lot in that subject or field . for example for an elcectronics engineer in order to take very large scale integrated circuits ( vlsi ) a the career we need to have the complete knowledge of chip designing at the miniature level . we need to be well equipped with all the necessary tool and platform whcih are part of vlsi , else we cant be a successful designer . having broader knowledge in all the other field doe n't help u to do well in the present field . for example having ample knowledge in operating systems concepts and computer networks doesnt help a person intending vlsi a a career option . all he can do is that he utilise those concept to an extent but they are not going to help him perceive a career in vlsi . one of the famous saying also state that `` jack of all trades master of none '' . it mean that a person who intends to master all the field find the going very difficult for him . if we intend to succeed in a particular field then we need to plan in such a way that we are also aware of the recent development in that particular field i.e ... , we have to be upto date regarding that particular subject or field . in ordre to sustain in the competition one need to be the winner and a winner never take chance . moreover if we wish to have broader knowledge in many acdemic subject it will be difficult for u to concentrate in each and every aspect of every subject . in course of broadening our horizon in one subject we may not find sufficient time or we may not pay attention to the other subject , which may lead to the failure of the individual a a whole . morover we may run into a state of situation wherein we may be confused to chose a career comprising of which subject . one can not find a career which offer or applies all the subject he or she ha studied . finally , i conclude that it is advisable to be specialized in one specific subject rather than havingf broadened knowledge of many subject .