peoples like to travel around the world , they want to know the have a very good memory and able to know different culture in different country , in my country , people usually go to travel a a group which led by a tour guide , because it is much more cheaper and they want to go with their friend or family . in my point of view , i think we still can travel to other country by ourself . on that condition , you can do whatever you want and to able enjoy the trip . firstly , the country that you pick to travel which probably is the country that you want to go the most uring that time . usually , if you go with your friend or family , you need to take care about them , you need to discus where to go before getting out of the hotel . during the discussion , you might have different opinion with others . so , the advantage of the going alone is you can do want you want and go to the place that you want . it is very good that you do n't have to disscuss with other and you can arrange your own time . secondly , most of the people want to have a relaxing and confortable trip during their travel . they probably do n't want to miss out some special place or food in that country . also , they usually want to have good memory if they are really enjoy to visit the country and might go there once again . since going with a group of people , you might feel very innoying , usually , if it is led by a tour guide , the time is very limited , you go to the place and then you need to go to another place a soon a possible . after the whole trip is finish , you might feel that actually you didnt visit and know the country much . therfore , if you go alone , you might enjoy your trip and may be you can know some new friend . in conclusion , some people might think that travel alone is kind of stupid , they just want to go with their friend and family . during the trip , there is someone who are willing to talk with you . but actually , travel alone to other country is not that bad at all , we can arrange our own time and go to the place that we want . we will know some new friend and fully enjoy during the trip .