youth is one of the more common subjet in litterature or in social behaviour . now a day we are living a real obsession with youth , being youth , looking youth , keeping youth . .. and a reject with all that can suggest u that we are getting old each minute we go throught . i agree with the satement that suggest that young people enjoy life more than older people do . i consider youth a the ideal state of human being . young people enjoy life because each day they are learning something new , beacuse their body are fresh and elastic , because they dont hace a headache if they drink two beer one night at the pub . they have a very good health and the consciense of ethernity , they are sure they will never die . energy , curiosity and inocence make a young person a being that can enjoy life a lot , beacuse future belongs to them in the other hand , old people are often ill , not only in their body but also in their soul and mind , they have lived throught calamity , heart break , forgot , unforgivenness , death of other beloved partner , and thats why they have lost ( the bigger part of them , there is still many old people with hope and inocence ) all the feature that can make a human being enjoy life . they do n't want to move for discover new thing , they have lost curiosity . they life in the past , remembering thing that are not here today and they forget themselves , quitting the possibility of a happy present . romans and greek wrote a lot about the sadness of leaving the youth island , with it pleasure and it swetness , for entering in the mature dessert where everything we do take u lot of pain and effort . carpe diem , enjoy the instant , wa their lema , their solution , the only way of being able to have a happy ancianity is to have lived a happy youth , because you never know whats going to happen with you tomorrow . thus , you wont leave heavy stone of frustration or hate for you in the last year of your life . be light in your early year and so u will in the later one .