i disagree with the very idea that in the next twenty year there will be fewer car in use then there are today . instaed of decrease it is better to expect that a the standard of life is getting fairer and fairer by the pasage of time one should expect tremendous increase in us of car . at the begining of this century when the car were a symbol of status a few percentage of the global population ha financial condition to bear the cost of car . out of these few percentage majority were from north america and european country . however a the more number of nation started gatting independence and a the globalisation magnified , the scenario took a complet u turn . take the example of china and india which have population two third of the world population . with ther booming economy one can easily guess the gigantic increse the use of car in these two nation alone . if other poor asian and african country also join the league of these two nation , an with ever lasting western country , one can just imagine what will be the scenario take the number of car manufacturing company that have increased hundred fold over the past century . now to survive in this battle of fierce competition and outway other one , one can expect the price of car to be down to such a point that one would not have ever imagined in his or her wildest dream . the price of car would be in the domain of common man pocket . cars which were once considered to be the priveleges of richer section of society will be common day entity to common people . with the ever incresing technological advance one could also expect greater incresrse in use of car . say besides providing other common facility that a car , which is made for common people provides , if the average of the car are increased many time from the current value and if the life time efficiency of car are incresed more , one can surely say a huge increase in the use of car . so going by all the norm one can safely say more car to be in use then ever in the next twenty year .