succesful people are always improving new activity and skill in order to experiment different thing and feeling that could help to their goal or enterprise , usually they prefer to do unusual and uncommon activity . instead the other one that are doing the same activity all the time and never will know if they are better in other one or if there is something else that they could do and learn . when you are looking for new topic , you are always interested in researching , learning and actuallize your knowledge . you allways want to know what is behind . because of this acttitude , many other succesful people in different career ( writters , politics , singer , scientist , etc ) get their achievement . the expert argue that one of the successful key is to be a curious person , and a good example that it 's true , is that the most important inventor and scientist in the world ( einstein , bell , cristobal colon ) achieved their goal because they tried to discover and explain thing or fact that the normal people considered common or impossible , so they did n't worry about them . of course at the beginning , the process to explore new thing is difficult and long , sometimes you have to try with a lot of thing and spend so much time before find what really do you want to do or your vocation . the most important aspect is not to try just for try , or not to take a risk just for take it , you have to establish an object and work hardly for it . because in the way that you know where are you going , the more quickly and the more sure you 'll achieve your goal . there are some other case , when the pople are absolutely sure that whatever they are doing is the best thing that they could , and they do n't bother to proove anything else and the have success in that way too . it 's not a bad acttitude at all , because it demostrates confidence and strong-willed in yourself , but all extreme position is nocive . it 's better to be an open minded person , define your life 's goal in , work for it and try different option in order to look for the best .