in our society , being successful ha become a necessity , due to the very strong pressure faced by the individual ever since he is a child in term of financial , intellectual , cultural and personal achievement . what is it exactly that we refer to when we talk about successful people ? what is it about them that we envy so much ? are successful people those who take risk and do new thing , or those that stick to their domaine of expertise ? it seems to me that we ca n't figure out what make somebody successful if we do n't ask ourselves in the first place how we define success . the image of success that prevail in our society , through advertising , television or star , mostly deal with material good that have little to do with personal achievement and basicly reflect financial success . and even though everybody criticizes it , we have to admit that financial and material comfort are the most common and envied form of success . consequently , we might conclude that to achieve this goal , it is smarter to find a domaine of expertise and stick to it , in order to become a well-known doctor , lawyer or scientist and benefit from it in term od social status and financial advantage . nevertheless , being a successful person might mean something very diferent , if we put in perspective the inherent social pressure and focuse more of the individual 's happiness and self-achievement . beinf successful in the eye of the others is one thing , feeling successful and happy is a totally diferent matter , that might imply to satisfy one 's curiosity and follow one 's dream . in that case , successful people are the one who try new thing and take risk , in the sense that they followed their instinct and sometimes jeopardized their financial comfort to achieve something more personal they believed in . of course , when these people are famous rock star or movie icon , everybody will recognize their success because they also made a lot a money , but what about all the totally anonymous people ? to me , a lawyer that turn in a restaurant owner , a businessman who decides to write poetry are successful if they feel good about what they do , no matter how they are perceived by society . to conclude , i would say that doing new thing and taking risk is totally necessary for the individual to face the diferent side of his personality , but they do not always match with being successful in the social meaninf of the word .