i disagree with the given statement because , with a tour guide , we can not go wherever we want . with a tour guide , the place we vist will be severely limited , because everything including hotel to say , store to go and place to see are all fixed before the trip . it kill an enjoyable part of traveling . the travel plan by traveling agency usually includes only famous place , so even if we can go to grand canyon , for example , by the tour , we can not usually visit local town around there . but i think one of the advantage of traveling is to see and touch the local culture or ethnic . the place we go by the tour may look to have those but they actually do not . they , i believe , are for traveler and waiting for u . in order to actually feel the country or region , we need to go actual local town or village , where we can not go by tour . concerning above , people might say traveling in a group is easier and more convenient . however , these day there is not so much difference between traveling alone and traveling in a tour thanks to the development of information technology . i think the only merit that traveling in a tour ha is that we can rely on the professional tour guide and get various kind of information easily . but nowadays , we can use the internet and search for what is famous , the history of the region or why the place is attractive to the traveler . in other word , there is no longer information gap between ordinary traveler and professional tour guide . therefore , there is no inferiority in traveling alone to traveling in tour . traveling alone is better since we can have all right for the place we go , and only traveling by oneself guarantee the opportunity to touch the local culture or tradition . there is no bad point in traveling alone because we can gain much information through the internet if we want to go to the place a tour usually go . therefore , i conclude , traveling by oneself is superior to traveling in a group led by a tour guide .