the subject at hand is wheather young people enjoy life more that old people or not . this is a very important subject becaus that question ha been between people for a long time . i , personally , agree with the statement totally . i belive that young people enjoys life more that older one because of the health issue , the responsiblity and the experience in life . first , young people are more likely to have a good health than older people . the activity that the youngth are able to practice are more than what older people are able to . for example , most old people have joint disease which limit their movement consequantly , hiking skating and many other activity that are enjoyable to alot of people are prohibited . for this reason i believe that young people will enjoy their life more . secondly , most young people do n't have alot to responsiblities to worry about . they might not have childreen to fear for their future . and they might not have a sick spouse to take care of . on the other hand , it is more common for older people to have tho responsiblities which hold them from enjoying life and doing fun stuff . finally , and it might be the most important point is the way the society look at older people versuse young one . mistakes are usually acceptable from yonger people more than from the old . in another word , young people will be able to immerse themselves in adventure , which mean having more fun , whithout being cared about the result . whearas , old people should think many time before getting into any adventure because the society is watching out what mistake they might do . for example , a young student might think about sneaking to his father can and drive it without having a license . this experience might bring him/her alot of happininess and fun althought he / she might get caught by a police man but this young man is ready for the the adventure and he doe n't care about the sequances . yet , an old widow in a country like mine , for example , might not be able to get married because of she will be afried of what the society might say about her getting married at that age . therefore , i belive that more adventure and more freedom and le caring about what others might say will give younge people more joy in lif . in all , life is limited for a few year that a person can live . therefore , young people should enjoy their life a much a they can before getting older and having health problem , more responsibility and a society opinion to worry about .