there is a vibrant debate nowadays on whether it is better to know many academic subject at a broad level rather than specialize in one specific subject . even if i understand the importance of knowing something well and in depth , i agree wirh the statement that it is better to study a many subject a possible during school and college time . the following are the three main supporting reason to my position . first , i think that the role of education is to give to student a many information a possible , in order to give them at least a general view on all the important topic and area . for example , student too focused on one area might be in trouble to get along in group of other student discussing other topic and they might miss something they actually really like . second , studying many academic subject give the student the opportunity to understand what they really like in order to make sure they choose a carrer that fit with their interestes . this is important to avoid situation in which student realize that they do n't actually want to work all their life in the area they specialized in and it cause them to be not preparare dto a carrer shift because they lack knowledge in other area . finally , my third supporting point is related to the social life of people . when people get specialized in one specific subject , they might even win a nobel prize in their area of study but there is the risk that they lack important knowledge which are necessary to enjoy everyday social life . let 's think to someone who spent her entire life in a laboratory without any other interest : he might definetly be a great scientist but he may fell unconfortable in partecipating in discussion of other topic ( i.e. history , politics , art ) ; when it happened , people might have problem in getting along with other during social event , like theatre , museum and all the other networking event that are so importnat in everyone 's life . in conclusion , i agree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject and the point made above sustain this thesis in a both personal and professional perspective .