i disagree with the statement because i do n't think two people 's experience of joy of life can be compared , be they young or be they old . but i would like to consider this intriguing question by looking at the development of my person enjoyment of life . from my own experience of now 32 year in this life , i believe that the quality of life 's experience change over time even for a single person . consequently , i enjoy life very differently today than 25 year ago , i.e. some thing i found pleasure in a a child are today meaningless or boring , such a hour on the playground , or even repulsive , of which i will not give example . instead , there are many new thing i discovered , such a reading book , travelling , professional achievement , making love or meditation , which i would not have enjoyed much a a kid . besides enjoying different activity , the feeling of happiness or joy itself ha evolved . i recall happiness a a kid a more immediate , combined with le awareness of such a state of emotion , while happiness today is often something i register while enjoying it . the intensity of either kind of happiness can be overwhelming , while each feeling corresponds to the degree of maturity i have reached . there are some thing i fear will get lost will growing old , such a curiosity , spontaneity , mental agility and physical fitness , which i consider important driver of joy in life . however , there are some capability or asset that i will only have fully developed or built when older , such a patience , more refined sens ( including humour ) , but also family and a strong social network or personal relationship . especially friend and family are source of joy i expect to compensate for the loss of those other spring of bliss which will probably loose importance over time . i do n't think young people enjoy life more than old people or vice versa , i think both have to work hard to make most out of it and find the right way to get the most out of the changing condition under which we go through life . if successful , life can be enjoable all along .