i am convinced that it is beneficial to specialize in one specific academic area once a general understanding of other area is achieved . if we look back into history , we can find many scientist that were great in a wide variety of subject . today , this can not be achieved anymore . while back then , there were still many thing to be discovered and it wa possible to have a broad knowledge of and do research in different academic field , today 's scientist have to specialize to be able to do research on a specific topic . and this research can be very important to society , leading to a better understanding of topic . for example , without research it would be impossible to find cure for disease . now nobody could do medical research before specializing in this specific area . i agree that it is important to know about a variety of thing . in fact , the public school system should provide a core understanding of science , art and humanity . but on a professional level we need to specialize in order to be successful . this is easier to explain when looking at music . would you rather listen to someone that can play drum , the guitar , the piano and the violine , but is not great at neither of them or listen to someone play one of these instrument with perfection ? one person also can only play one instrument at a time . look at the dave matthews band , `` america 's greatest band '' , a the rolling stone magazine judged . all member know their instrument to near perfection . that is the main reason for their popularity and their sold-out tour year after year , not the fact , that they are able to play all instrument equally well . this also applies to many other area . another great example are sport . a football team need player that are specialized in throwing , catching , running , blocking etc . . of course it is important and even necessary for every player to have a basic understanding of the game , but if you want to be successfull you need to have player that are great at their assignment . overall , a linemen put into the position a place kicker would most likely lead to a catastrophy . all these example show that , while learning about the basic of different subject , it is important to find out where your special talent are , to pursue them and specialize in them .