the question of how many car will be in use in future time is very significant , in particular with regard to the enormous damage the use of car cause to our environment and the shrinking oil supply of the world . it 's a matter of fact that soon we wo n't be able any more to drive a many car a we are driving today . thus , we should think about alternative solution in order to come from one spot to another . maybe today 's car are the le pollutive ever , but nevertheless the air pollution caused by everyday traffic is still enormous and nearly unbelievable . this air pollution doe not only affect future generation , but we a well feel already the consequence , such a a constant elevation of the world 's average of temperature , leading to a dangerous shrinking of ice in the mountain , or unknown climatic catastrophe such a hurricanes . because of these climatical change and their direct impact on our life i think , that soon the question , whether to drive by car or to take a train , will no longer be a personal decision . besides , the cost of providing an own car increase more and more . when somebody drive a car he 's totally dependant on the oil company 's will . it is true that they are defending the high cost by bringing forward the difficult political situation in the country where they are exploiting the oil , but for the consumer this doe not change anything : he ha to face the high cost . thus , these high cost will soon oblige the people to consider alternative , because they ca n't afford the amount of money that is necessary . and even if the cost will reduce to the former level , oil exploitaton remains a temporarily limited exploitation , because it is no renewable ressource . so , sooner or later , everybody ha to change his habit . in my opinion , a future vision of street with only a few car driving , is a positive one . the best thing i can imagine is a world in which nearly all place are connected by a train network . the construction will be expensive but it will be worth it because everybody will use it , in particular if this kind of travelling offer accomodate price .