with the advancement of the technology in the communication sector , the company are now able to market their product to an anormous number of people in a really beautiful way . for example , the advirtesements on tv are so attractive that people watch them a if they were watching movie . unfortunately , they are misleading most of the time , a they make the product seem much better than they really are . i think , an example from real life would make it clearer what i mean . .. a few year ago , we were considering to change our family car . therefore , we were researching different model of car , what their property are , how much they cost , and so on . first , we tried to follow the tv advertisement to get an idea . according to these advertisement , these car were so good that it wa hard to believe that they were actually not from future . nevertheless , they did not give u much information about the future of the car . so , we decided to go to the agency , where car would be sold , to talk to the salesperson there and to get catalog with detailed information on every single aspect . of course , the salesman were really sure in their statement that the car they sell were the best and capable of doing everything . therefore , they were not very informative . and neither were the catologs . .. the problem with the catalog wa that they were written in such a way that an average person would not understand what they mean and how their car were different from other model . after all these attempt , we were even more confused than we had been at the beginning . so our choice wa nothing but a random one . at the end , we had a car that would break quite often and create problem all the time , although it seemed to be the best car ever produced . now we know that , the advertisement are not the most reliable tool to refer when deciding on what to buy . i guess , it is much better and informative to talk to people who have already bought these product to figure out if they are good or not .