since i lack of experience in young people participation in other country , let me focus the topic geographically . in colombia , young people involving into their community is quite common . but , it is specially clear to see in low class people . this phenomenon is not present in high class young , a it is in low class young . my opinion is , i think the young who participate helping their community and contributing to it development are people who see that in their community something is missing and the think , they feel , they can do something in order to improve some life condition . for instance , a boy who like playing football go every weekend to the field . once he see it without grass , it can be that he encourages other people playing with him to do something for improve this situation . then , they can collect some money from neighbor and buy the grass and fix a date to plant the grass and this way the may have a better field . on the other hand , high class young people are not in touch with problem , because most of the time they are already solved by their parent . so they do not feel the need to fix something because everything around them is fixed . besides , their priority lie on study , party and some other aspect of life that do not include their community . also , somehow their good economical situation make them more individual , losing in some way the communitiy sense . taking the same example like above , a rich boy go playing football in the social club , where his parent have some share . this club will have for sure an excellent field with recently cutted , soft grass . so this boy will not worry about grass . he probably will worry about wether he will use the sauna or not , and if he will go to the pool with their colleague after the game . the situation illustrated is a common example of everyday life and a different way to see it depending on the observer . for people who like to participate , community sense is very important . people who do not , simply do not mind .