nowadays , our society is surround by advertisement . everyone who want to sell his product need to advertise . the purpose of the advertisement is to show this product helping people to know about it . differents way are used to this purpose , television , newspaper are the most famous one . as a common sen , when you want to sell your product you will show it in a beautiful way . .. the most beautiful wway , of course . so do the advertisments reflect the reality of the product ? do what we see or listen is thruly representative of it ? some people say that advertisement show the product only in his most beautifull way and effectiveness . it is not question of showing it more better but only a it is . others disagree and argue that advertisement are misleading . emphazises of the product lead people to understand the product in a wrong way and , most of the time , must better than it is . i completly agree with this latter point of view . we can see it in differents medias . a lot of people experience deception when buying a product that doe not fulfill their expectation . but the advertisement pledged the reverse ! as an example , a lot of commercial on television boast the veru of candle having a nice sent . thoses sent will stay in your house for a long while . people who made the advertisement conviced you that this candle is the best one . and , how disapointed are you when you realise that , after few minute , your candle and beatiful scent are gone for ever . .. the fashion newspaper are one of the specialist in this matter . ta big part of their page is dedicated to advertisement . why ? one of the reason is that fashion magasines make people dream about luxury item , lavish life of actor , etc . .. people are more able to fall in the trap . for example , an advertisement of a yacht next to a picture of star laying on a overseas beach will help you to sell your product . it make you feel taht you are buying a part of a dream . .. your dream . as result of the misleading of many advertisement , we can read in the same newspaper , an increase of the number of law suit . poeple are sometimes so disapointed even loose money that they call an attorney