the main purpose of advertisement is to attract potential customer . hence they are made in a way that make the product seem much better than the product actually is . advertisements use different way to make the product very attractive . they tend to deceive u in some way . they also usually highlight only those feature that are very appealing to people . advertisements are made to market a product and increase it sale . the main aim of advertisement is to make the product look very suitable to it potential buyer . for this , the product must look really attractive . sometimes , to achieve this fake object are used . for example , the bright red strawberry piece in the advertisement of a cereal may not actually be the real strawberry . it may be just brightly painted plastic piece . when the advertisement look very appealing , people get interested in it . no one would want to buy something that look dull , uninteresting . children are specially influenced by the advertisement . in the advertisement , the toy appear so real and much better than they actually are . for example , the spiderman toy seems to jump , fly and save the planet from the bad people . in reality , it is the child actor who is holding the toy , who is making it do wonderful thing . but to the child who is watching the advertisement , it seems a if the toy is doing thing on it own . so advertisement do deceive u in some way which we fail to recognise when we are watching them . advertisements usually focus on only those feature that are very appealing . for example , when you see an advertisement on phone service , you will see a list of feature like high quality service , great rate , etc. in bold letter . what you may miss out is , something in small letter that say , `` conditions may apply '' . advertisements tend not to highlight hidden cost or factor that may scare away the potential customer . advertisements are made to sell the product and for that they do make the product seem much better than what it actually is .