i disagree with the statement that there will be fewer car in use twenty year from today . the question at hand is highly controversial a many people believe otherwise due to various reason such a increasing pollution and fuel cost . however , i still believe that the number of car on road will increase . going by statistic , there is no sign to show that car sale is decreasing . every year , more and more number of car are being sold across the globe . the rapid rise of several coountries such a india and china will only increase the car market for the manufacturer , leading to higher production . thus , there is no indication whatsoever to believe that the number of car will decrease in the next twenty year . also , due to the generally risng standard of people , and the car manufacturer desiging and manufacturing cheaper and more efficient car give rise to the speculation that a more and more people are able to aford a car , they will go ahead and purchase one . one another major reason for this the rapid increase in the number of roadway avaliable in the world . more and more number of country have now started building broader and smoother highway . thus , improved infrastucture is not only an indicator of the trend that more people are going to invest in car , it is also an incentive . many people might feel that due to the increasing awareness about the negetive effect of car on air pollution and the rising oil price , the number of car may decrease in the coming year . however , most of the company have already taken a note of these factor , and working their way around these problem rapidly . hybrid car had already hit the road a long time back . cars are also being developed which run on alternative fuel , such a edible oil and cng ( compressed natural gas ) . these new innovation will make sure that the enviornmental pollution is kept under check and at the same time , the car become le dependent on oil . in fact , various research institute across the globe are trying to harness the solar energy to drive modern car ! given the present trend , and the effort made by research institute and car manufacturer , i believe that number of car on road will only increase a the year pas by .