most people travel to different destination and visit historically significant monument to know more about them . it expands the span of their knowledge about the culture and special feature of the kind of people inhabiting that area . so i would prefer travelling in a group which is headed by an able-headed and knowledgeable tour guide . for me it would be more explorative , interesting and a good worth for the money i spend . traveling in a group with a guide make one explore an area extensively . like a couple of day back i went for a day trip to the grand canyon in arizona . we had a a guide who made our trip an outing to remember . since he wa a native of the region for the past thirty year he told u about all the interesting house of golf player and movie star on our way . he gave a little background information about what we were likely to see on our way in his own happy - go - merry way with a small anecdote which made it all the more interesting . i wa initially skeptic of embarking the trip due to the number of hour spent in the bus but the five hour journey just flew away and seemed like an hour or so . we all want that the travel guide we choose should be able to provide enough information so that we get our money 's worth . i also think that with a guide i might not feel insecure and worried about losing my way or wasting my time looking at inappropriate site or even . it will make me feel more relaxed and will fulfil my purpose of embarking the trip even more which always is to invigorate my mind and elevate my spirit . as far a it is good to have a travel guide , at time it becomes messy and irritating having somebody following you around especially if you head out on a day when your star are bad . guides can even be quite interfering , poking their nose unecessarily in other people 's affair , or one might feel restricted to his whim and fancy . at time they may even get on your nerve . but in my opinion your trip prof to be more fruitful when you travel with a guide to lead your way . it will aid in gaining a lot more information about a place and one would feel that they have spent their time and money in a purposeful manner .