although i 'm a young person myself , i have to agree with the statement with a heavy heart . the lack of participation in community service among young people result mainly from lack of time . i am currently a student in a competitive high school , and the demand of schoolwork allows me very little free time . school begin at 7:40 in the morning and end at 5:10 in the afternoon . since i live very far from the school i attend , i have to commute by train for three hour each day . when i reach home , it 's almost 7:00 pm . the sun ha set , the sky ha darkened , the community is almost asleep , and i have ton of homework to do . there is neither time nor opportunity for me to help out in my community , regardless of how much i want to serve and contribute . most high school student in the united states have finished hundred of hour of community service before they graduate from high school . colleges in the u.s. often consider the hour spent on community service when evaluating an applicant , emphasizing the importance of a student 's willingness to serve his or her community . colleges in taiwan , however , put very little emphasis on community service when viewing application . instead , test score and academic accomplishment are given major consideration . students devote their time and energy to activity that college find more important and neglect those that are thought trivial , resulting in a lack of dedication to community service . some high school in taiwan require their student to finish a certain amount of community service hour each year . the minimum my high school set for u is 8 hour each semester . students use the little free time they have during summer and winter vacation to finish the required hour of community service , doing simple job such a sweeping up fallen leaf , volunteering at the local library or tidying up the lobby . students have no time to participate in more meaningful and long-term communty service , such a helping out each day at the local day care center , orginizing a group to reinforce the recycling habit of resident , or tutoring for free at a public middle school . from my observation and personal experience , i agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . it is a regrettable situation , but it is a situation that canbe improved if student are given more free time and a stronger sense of community . that way , student will be able to participate more in community service and receive a wonderful experience by spending time helping others and building a better community .