i most definitally disagree with the statement , due to the world we live on today . the world today from my point of view is an ever colluding world . in today world there is a high and almost unreplenishable thirst for change . change a an engine need the feul of adaption . this is only attainable by openmindedness and cameleon instinct . darwins evolution cycle seems to occillating into the positive infinity a the a the idea of what is desirable now is rather ephemeral and what is demended one day might be put on the head with a declaration of nuclear advancement in , let say indonesia . we have time and time again seen the breathtaking speed with which global idea are fished out of the chesspool of globalization . as another siencetific descovery is made in japan or another oil refinery distroyed in iaq so are also the thought of what is important changed . twenty year ago with the asian tiger rapid growth and the peg on the japanese yen , sewing and stiching were a must-master in taiwan . today taiwan is at the heals of silicon valley with the transnational corporation taiwan semiconductor . there is a rapid wave of growth parallel to the arms-race in the cold year between the us and the ussr . today there is the sunami of the skill-race a we have seen with liest developed nation finding foot in the petroeum and natural gas industry . every one want a piece of this cake , there is no shying back . india ha allready swallowed our presious american job at high-skill electronic-chip factory . the american enterprise is not outsouring , to generate a higher gdp and safety for the american people . the state must secure the middle east and if desirable the ever sino-influxed africa . in this era one must have a solid platform with a little a secular friction a possib , soas to be able to easily slide in and assist your texaco to assure the future of your country . one must be openminded and at the same time conserved so a not to lose one culture in this earthly swirl . american student at li po chun united world college in hong kong are struggling to keep up with the raceing pace of their venezuelan counterpart in chinese lesons . the race begin in the early year of life a rich sudanese oil/sheiks send their kid to school in shanghai , to attain an education fit to collide with the red blanket covering african/oil field . the young generation , in which i myself born in 1988 , have a reserved spot , ha to be a flexible a chain soas to stear away their beloved country , if they-re not of blended descent , away from desaster . one can not merely learn one trade . the lawyer who only went to study nafta-bond law at harvard will never reach a far a the swiss young man who decided to study international business law at zurich universtiy with a year abroad in cairo . skills these day ciould be viewed a baseball-card , a great way for kid to leant the art of trading , negotiating and war . collect them all ! . my mind is a sponge and i plan to learn four more langages fluently so a to be bale to compete in this cancer-paced wold with no vaccine . mandela a shahto