y do people stick to the one particular entity ? if it so , it is not the nature of a human being . as the god ha given a brain to think about what he is doing and what to do , he ha the choice of doing his own experiment without causing any disturbance to the others . yes ! i agree with the people who are succesful in doing the things ang got succeded in different aspect , will automatically tend to try to do new thing , it all depends on his ability to do and way of approaching idea in doing that thing . people who are successful in thier previous invention get more motivated in doing the new invention , tat himself prof his ability to do and think himself to satnd in a high position when compared to others . the successful tend to do or invent more new thing , they doesnot think about the risk that occur at the time of his work , his own expereince get him out of the risk and encourage him to do invent new thing . for example the people who invented television which are black and white , on the successful inventing that telivision poeple are more intrested in inventing the colouredtelevisions , hence because of the succesful people mind , they tend to invent more and more thing which are more better than the previouinventions . hence the people who ha ability to take risk can invent more better number of invention for the world . the another example is the invention of electric bulb , the person who invented the bulb invented the advanced form of the bulb , hence people who invent the new thing with more effective result will be ready to take the risk . these people are the example for the remaining one , who are the beginning in the invention . hence the successful people are the who are ready to take the risk and they know how to face the risk rather than doing that of the previous work in a better way . hence i strongly agree with the people who try to invent new thing . if the people doe not tend to invent new thing now the technology we have is not there in front of u , if the successful people are not taken the risk in that particular who would not haveenjoyed the latest technolgy now we have . hence i strongly agree to the people who are trying to invent new thing , we should encourage them rather than dissapointing them in their inventory .