both our planet and our way of life have evolved throughout the decade , and we can notice several major shift during the last century for instance . one great invention wa the rather recent creation of car and this event ha strongly influenced our daily life . however , for several reason , i am convinced that in the next twenty year , the use of car is going to decrease a lot . for a very long time , mankind ha not taken care of the environmental health and state . indeed , in every country , the citizen have polluted their beach , their plain , their air etc . when car appeared , this phenomenon actually spread until today , so that the situation is rather critical nowadays . nevertheless , in recent time , many international and political leader such a kofi annan the un secretary for instance ; many international organization like the united nations , wwf or green peace , have criticized these wrong habit and try to promote a better way of life , without car . thus , i think that many people among the citizen have realized that they all had a major role in their planet 's health and they might indeed respect the advice of the ecologist organization , by using their car le for example . moreover , in many country , several political leader have conducted a special policy based on the development of public transport such a bus , plane , train etc . they have decided to decrease the cost of these infrastructure , they have invented special card at lower cost for the student , the elderly , for instance so that they tend to use these transport rather than car . besides , specialist in urbanism in many major city such a new york , paris etc have developed the network of these structure so that always more people can use them . finally , on an economic scale , because of the war , the tension in the country that belong to the organization of petroleum exporting country ( opec ) , the price of oil have increased up to more than 70 dollar per barrel . given that car mostly use oil today , many consumer try to decrease their consumption of oil , and a a consequence , they tend to use much le their vehicle . if the price of oil keep increasing , which in my opinion will be the case ( fewer new well of oil are discovered today in the world ) , i am certain that this will reduce the expansion of car . as a conclusion , i would say that i am convinced that there will indeed be fewer car in about twenty year , whether it be for economic , political or environmental reason : the domination of car ha come to an end !