i agree with the statement , `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' , because if they want to be more successful than they already were , they would try to expand their skill and learn more new thing and try to become successful in that , too . they would risk their time and money , and probably even their profession , in order to gain that knowledge and master that . once a person get good at something , he or she either try to get even better at that skill , or they keep it at a level they are content with . to successful people , that is not enough . i have a friend who is a wonderful harpist , and she practice her harp at least 9 hour a day . she is a harpist for 3 professional college orchestra/groups and play in concert practically every week . but even with all her talent , she always say it 's not enough . now , she 's learning how to play other insterments , like flute , clarinet , and cornet , and is expanding her musical skill to a new level . she is almost like a professional harpist , yet she push herself harder and harder by practicing for hour and learning how to play new musical insterments . in order to learn new thing , people must get educated . in order to get educated , they either have to find a professional who major in that particular field or go to a school/college . most successful people have job and probably even a fammily , so if they want to learn something new , they would have to cut their time short with either one of them , maybe even both . that cause new risk , like losing their job because they do n't work a much anymore , or lose their family because they do n't spend time with their family anymore and his or her husband/wife is tired of their ignorance . but if they think their education is worth the risk , then they should go right ahead and keep on going . you do n't have to be successful in order to learn new thing . no one ha the right to stop anybody from gaining knowledge for their satisfaction .