in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . to a lay man this statement might sound too optimistic . but a a visionary i completely believe in it and i whole heartedly support the statement . i believe that twenty year down the line the infrastructural facility would have improved so much that it would eliminate travel by car to a greater extent . to state the fact , most of the car plying on the road today belong to the city dweller , people who live in a city . in another twenty year almost all the city of the world would boast of such an efficient system of public transport that not only it would be more convinient to travel by such mode but also it would be more economical . naturally people will be discouraged to use car not only because of the high running cost ( we should not forget the rising fuel price ) but also the maintenance cost . besides the development of public transport , nowadys a different concept is gaining popularity , ` walk to work ' . it is mainly based on providing the employee home near their respective office . now fact suggest that most of the rush hour traffic is constituted of the people commuting between their office and home . so if this need is eliminated then people wouldnt be forced to keep a car . moreover , the technological advance made in other form of transportation especially railway and airway would completely eliminate the need of commuting between two different town or city by car . railways and airway would present the people with mean of transport that is not only faster , more comfortable but also cheaper a compared to a travel by car . finally , judging by the way technology is making advancement we can assume that twenty year later we may have the ability of transporting a person from one place to other by personal flying object or transporting him through a virtual domain in no time . now these statement might seem a little high flying right now but who know that twenty year from now these may be the most popular mean of travel . it doe not matter whether science advance so far a to transport a person from one point to other through virtual domain but science would have certainly progressed enough to discourage people from using car by providing them with ample of other transportation facility which would finally lead to a reduction in number of car in use twenty year later then there are today .