i have always believed that all advertisement make product seem more efficient than they really are . according to my own experience and to other people 's story , i can tell that there are some relatively huge exagerations and ornamented description . one of the point that i totally disagree with is when they show u two different situation or image . in the first one , there is something to be done and it ha to be the use of the adverised product . in the second , they show a different picture with a perfect result , which is not realistic . in fact , it 's just a simulation that doe n't garantee in any way such a result . i remember once , my brother saw the commercial on tv about the best selling product to treat acne . they made everyone believe the story told by some different people who , acording to them used the product and had amazing result in a limited number of day . what prof that the person who had the face covered with acne before and who ha a perfect skin looking now , had used the product ? on the other hand , it 's obvious that the seller 's purpose from this advertisement is to persuade people and encourage them to purchase the product . thereof they make it sound nice and matching the client 's need . it is also clear that competition is among the major reason that push the seller to make the public compare their product to their competitor ' . this lead most of the time to an over-description of the item . for instance , many commercial show u the efficiency of detergent by washing the same dirty clothes using the advertised product and another detergent of a different or unknown brand . then , they show u the result , with a distinct difference . after seeing the advertisement , i have personally bought a car that wa supposed to be gas-efficient , a cream to eliminate acne and pill to lose weight . however , there is some truthiness missing . i do n't exclude the efficiency of all the advertised product , yet most of them are to a different extent over-rated .