i strongly agree with this statement . this is for various reason : first , the mere learning of fact is boring to most people , thus leading to lack of motivation and concentration . understanding the underlying idea and concept on the other hand is more interesting to most student . plus , once they have understood a certain concept they often feel proud of themselves which give motivation for further learning . moreover , once a student ha developed an understanding for the basic idea of a certain issue , they are not likely to forget what they have learned a fast a they would had they only memorized fact . plus , student who have an understanding of the matter can answer question more easily , and are even able to answer question that go beyond the mere fact . thus , from a didactic point of view , understanding idea and concept is far superior to learning fact . now let me give you some example supporting the statement which i have made above . let u take a look at the physic of a flying ball . students can either just memorize the formula or try to understand why the ball is moving the way it is . simply learning the formula is not interesting at all a they consist of only letter and number . it is easy to forget that the x wa squared or that what a certain letter meant . on the other hand , trying to understand the cause of the movement is a much better idea . students learn that there are different fundamental force that act on a flying ball . they can now draw a picture showing the direction of the force acting on the ball and retrieve the formula easily form their sketch . if they were now given a different problem of moving object they are also able to indentify the force and thus deduct a set of formula describing the motion . had they only learned the formula of the flying ball in the first place , they are not very likely to be able to handle a different , but similar problem . another point i would like to make is the fact that once someone know the underlying concept of a problem , they are also able to explain and to pas on what they have learend to other people . this is again due to the fact that they are able to answer question going beyond mere fact .