`` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . this could be a well said joke . i totally disagree with the statement . how is it possible when every quarter a car manufacturer roll out a new model . is it possible in the era when a car manufacturer is about to develop and market a car which would be in reach of the common man who currently ride a bicycle . i wish the statement would have been true but my mind say `` in your dream '' . the growth one see in the automobile market is extraordinary . there is such a stiff competition all around that even if one of the manufacturer is out , there are 3 other 's who are in fray to capture it and thus increase their customer share . let me introduce an example to enhance my claim . i would consider the indian market for this . in india , a decade ago there wa only one car giant called maruti udyog limited ( mul ) . even mul ha consolidated it position by throwing out old indegenous player like hindustan motors or foreign player like fiat . in le than 5 year of gaining supremacy mul faced stiff challange from local manufaturers like tata motors or foreign company like daewoo , hyundai , general motors , honda etc . cut to 2006 , we see hundereds of car model flooded in indian market and many more roaring to get in . in a time when people are saying that globalization is at it best do we see this trend to decline . no way ! its ought to increase . let me introduce yet another point to strengthen my argument . today the cost of living across the world is at very high . people are lavishly spending money on the material they like to posse and belive me this is a trend which is not going to stop . generation by generation it ha continued and it will do so for the next twenty , thirthy or hundered year . as a result people will buy car to show of their status and thus unkowingly support me in my claim . people may argue my point with the fact that fuel i.e. petrol and diesel are rapidly depleting and with depleting fuel reserve it would be difficult for car to survive for next tewnty year and thus reducing the number of car . but with the advancement of technology , today , market is flooded with hybrid car which can run both on conventinal fuel a well a electricity . i agree that this may be expensive option currently but the pace with which technology is progressing and the amount of competition the market ha , i see a drastic reduction in their price . once the price are down how can we stop people from buying car which would be their best bet in term of money and in term of reducing pollution . thus , i would reiterate that in the shrinking world of globalization the day are not far when we will be out there buying a small size car to move rapidly between diffrent room in our home . now , with such an encrhoachment , do we see that in next twenty year there would be fewer car . again my mind say , `` in your dreams '' .