i do not completely agree with the statement that in twenty year of time there will be fewer car in use a compared to the present . the present time is marked with great development in the technology of car . there is huge compettition in the market where industry are striving to design and manufacture more and more sophisticated and advanced machine . highly innovative and modern feature are consistently being added to the older model in order to attract customer . there is a plethora of car that require only their brand name to sound `` big '' and thus maintain their superior postion in the market like the `` mercedeez benz '' or the `` limousine '' which are owned by only the very affluent class . therefore , at the time when the market of a product is at such a high and when further advancement have been promised by numerous company in this field , twenty year is too small a period of time to mark a decrease in the use of car . though in wealthy country , car may not be a very expensive luxury to own , there are country where people still save money with a dream to own a car one day which would make family trip and outing more convenient and enjoyable . children aspire to have a car of their own with numerous feature . the younger generation still craves for fancy model , racing car , and other expensive brand . so there is no reason which can accont for and explain a decrease in the use of a car in the near future . this might be a posiibility for more distant future when fossil fuel start to show a marked decrease , but then the future might be embracing solar car and car driven by other non-conservative source of energy . today , when car have become a household item , and when it becomes difficult to imagine of a whole day without having a car . it becomes difficult to pas even a single day away from your car when it may be having it share of time with the mechanic , and you feel handicapped . it ha become a necessity today because of the conveniances it add to our life . more and more company are intoducing attractive and alluring model into the market . a fall in such a prospective and lucrative market in recent future ha not enough ground .