i feel that it is true that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than doing thing they already know how to do well . if it were n't for people ready and eager to try new thing , or way to do thing , they would never discover that there were better way to do them . some way may be time consuming and a waste of energy , but successful people find a way to bypass the waste , and get to their goal in a shorter , more efficient way . imagine someone plodding along the old path going around a mountain overtaking someone who ha risked going over the mountain , or perhaps even going through the mountain ! it seems highly unlikely ! risks and new thing lead to better production and better outcome . if we had n't had people willing to risk a new method of crop raising , or use of pesticide , we would n't have the increased quantity of grain that we do today . their success in trying something new ha led to an outcome beneficial not only to themselves , but to all of mankind . this thirst for new way in successful people ha resulted in the discovery of new medicine , test tube baby , foray into space . it ha resulted in the creation of industrial giant . a famous company in india , reliance industries limited , ha it root in a tea stall . the late owner used to run a tea stall in a small town . due to his vision and his dare to dream big and try a new way of refining petroleum to create useful by product , dhirubhai ambani ( the late owner of reliance ) wa extermely influential and rich and famous by the time he passed awy two year earlier . it is because of his very will to do new thing that the company is now one of the most formidable in present time , so much so that it can topple or raise the stock market by the way it move in the day 's trade . if it were n't for the dare of successful people to be different , to try something new , they would n't be where they are today . i hardly imagine that dhirubhai ambani would have been anything but a tea stall owner if he had n't dared to try his hand at something new .