everybody will admit that a birthday celebration with young people is generally more cheerful , colorful and full of fun than a birthday with older people . same go for a sport event , a concert and into many social activity . therefore , it could be said that young people enjoy life more than older people do because they have more mean for that . these three mean are eagerness , health condition and new opportunity provided by technology . first , young people are eager to live . they are hungry for life . they could travel all over the world , try new sport and meet new people . they have not consumed the joy of life . they are not prudent and ready to take risk which hopefully increase enjoyment . however , older people are generally static both in mind and pysically . they have rule set for their life . there are nothing much left for them to discover . discovery itself is a big enjoy and young people could easily discover . second , young people 's health condition provide them that joy . when they got home from school or work , they do not feel any ache like the elderly do . even they drink a lot on the previous night , they find the stamen to get up and continue their life , whereas older people suffer from countless sickness even in their normal day . poor health condition , which most of the older people have , is a great barrier to enjoy life . thirdly , for every new young generation , there are more opportunity to enjoy life than the older generation since there have been a lot improvement in communication technology and transport . fourty year ago it wa almost impossible for an american girl to meet with an indonesian boy . with the improvement in computer technology , a lot people have a lot of friend in different continent whom they shared their feeling , expectation and so on . therefore , their taste for life increase . they could also easily to travel in order to meet these people face to face . there are much more plane travelling all around the world . no one could argue that finding and getting together with the people you understand each other is in conclusion , even though there are exceptional older people who could enjoy life , i agree with the idea that young people have more opportunity to enjoy and they certainly do .