trying to do your best is what sociey asks you . so you could improve the knowledge and skill of the country . therefore you have to imagine and to create new concept to be said succesful . hence to know if it is useful to take risk and tr new thing , you have to answer those question . firstly , if you do your job good but not improve it what would be the result ? secondly , if you refuse to take decision because of risk that implie would you give a chance to your company to survive ? and eventually , if you become successful , would you stop there without trying to do once more time your best ? improving your job , your knowlegde and trying to invent new process , or new way to work are manner to get a better job , to grow up the social scale . thus is is required be becme a successful people to reach to top of this scale . for instance , einstein become successful afer having develop his theory of relativity which wa such a revolution , such a new thing at the time . then succesful people have to design new concept in order to be recognized by the sociaty a successful . improving knowledge is not the only way to be admitted among successful people . people such a gustave eiffel took risk . m.eiffel had to accept to hear many criticises about his tower . afterward , he wa congratulate abou this construction which ha become on of the more relievant french building . therefore taking risk such a many architect have done seems a good way to succeded in his field . but what will you do once you are becm successful ? u stop and leave of your pattern , not your ae encourage by your relative and working staff to go on . hence , you will take more risk and proving yourself you could be more innovating . to conclude , i believe that people have to be creative new , not to be afrad of danger if they want to develop their field of specialisation . however from my point of view , peple who manage in their work have to take care not to go to far , and to be awared that skill of every human have limit .