i would disagree with the statment , the reason being is that it would lead to nothing except confusion . having a general idea about various subject is preferable rather than persuing full time study on all the subject . a student who prefers to study all the subject will have to work much harder than the student who ha only choosen specialization in one subject . specialization in one subject , will have a clear idea a to what to persue next with regard to that particular academic and could plan for a better career . even career opporutunities would be good for the student who ha specialization . let u take an example of med-school student . one student decides to take cardiology a the specialization and other chooses to study many specialization . the student who chooses cardiology will have concentrate totally on the specialzation which he chooses and can be a master in that specialization . this student can work in corporate hospital which are related to cardiology . on the other hand the student who chooses many specialization will have to work really hard and to get on top it , it would be very difficult for him and some time it may result that he end up with nothing . this person will have hard time in choosing his career field a well . the above example clearly state , what would be the advantage of specialization and with that of knowledge about many subject . even if you look at the student of business administration , you would see that they will choose either one specialization or dual specialization , but not more . even the school and college would give a over all idea of the various subject and then it will be divided into specialization . even the person who would opt for broad knowledge of many academic will have to be specialized in one particular subject at the end of the day , since he/she need to choose a career path which lead to a specialization . the statement look better to read on the paper to have many academic subject , but in practical it would be very much tough to acheive it , although there are people who are persuing many specialization , ideally it would be suggest to have one specialization .