young people have always been seen a a future of their community and are expected to work for the betterment of their community . i feel that young people do take care and try and help in growing their community . the world is growing and people are well aware that it is ` survival of the fittest ' policy that run their life . anybody in that case would want to make a place for their community in this expanding world . young people are very much aware of what the community ha done for them and are always ready to help their community by giving in their effort and time . young people know what they mean to the community they belong to and in this social world , they do most of what he can do to help his community . for instance we can take an example of mr. dhiru bhai ambani and his child . mr. ambani ha always been interested in his community which is gujarti . he ha always been working hard to improve gujrat a a state . and this is continued by their son mr. mukesh and mr. anil . the men who have their biggest project in gujrat jus to improve employment and economic condition of their community ( gujarati ) ... they could have that big project in metro politan city that have better resource and climatic condition . they spend a lot of time to help needy people in gujrat and do what they can for them so , this can be sighted a one of the best example for young people do for their community . in this world where time is no le than money , people do spend time in charity , sponsoring fund for their community work , helping poor , counsellin their community member , attending their community meeting , finding out way for the betterment of their community , managing their community function . young people are more enthusiastically participating in the above mentioned activity which give them satisfication . they try and spend lot of time and work for their community which is worth mentioning . we can also take an example of ` orkut . com ' where community are rapidly increasing . also people registering in each community is increasing day by day . this serf a an evidence of how people spend time in helping their community by giving in forum which are very helpful for the growth of the community . thus young people are the one who are going to handle their community and i think they are responsible enough for it !!