in our society , we can see that many successful people who are succeed with the coming of new thing . there is one statement saying that successful people try new thing and they take risk rather than just doing what they already know how to do well . i agree with this statement . my reason are a follows . firstly , if one people want to be successful , he must create new idea and create new thing in his research field . creating new thing mean having risk at the same time . no one can predit what will happen next . we can see that the abundant knowleadge we learned in university are ordinary and need to be combined to create something new . if one only do what he ha known to do well , nothing new will come out . as one example , we all know how to use internet to communicate , now we can chatting through pc camera and some chatting software , but before , we only could use internet to communicate through forum which wa boring . the people who invented the software and the hardware did know how to create new thing rather than did what he had know how to do . the software might be at risk of letting out personal information at first but it wa resolve finally . then , the software benefit many people using internet to chat . secondly , ordinary thing have no attraction to the public . people like to accept new idea and something strange to people 's everyday life . successful people tend to make new thing to enrich people 's life and at the same time , they like to take the risk . if they just do what they have known to do well like most of the ordinary people , they can not succeed . in history , there were many scientist who had denoted their life to some scientific experience . their goal were to invent something new to our society and made them benefit for people . what is more , the confidence of taking risk for something demonstrates one 's ability which is better than ordinary people . not many people want to take risk for something . so , that is why some scientist succeed . we should increace the confidence to take risk for new thing in order to create new thing for our society . so in all , in my opinion , successful people will succeed when they try something new but not to do what they had known to do well . if one want to succeed , the ability and braviation of trying new thing and taking risk is necessary .