in today modern and fast moving world , `` jack of all and master of none '' , dosnt work at all . people need to be more focussed on a subject or two , to really master it and become expert of it . this , one subject appraoch , can help student to spend plenty of time to learn it basic clearly , during their early day . it also help them to stay more focussed on the suject of their liking . moreover , once they become a subject expert , they can really harness their mastery over the subject , by doing consultancy project , which can help them build , a satisfactory and rewarding career . on other hand , many subject approach , despite of small short term advantage ha nothing much to offer in the student long term career . first , to have a vast knowledge of many subject , one need to devote time for all for them , proportinally . this is quite not possible in today fast moving world , a student get limited time to study in thier busy routine . on the other hand , having just one subject at their hand can really help them to spend plenty of time for preparing and building the basic of thier favourite subject . second , taking large number of subject can be a big disturbance sometimes . when somebody liks one particular subject the most , he or she doesnt have to spend unnecessary time in reading and understanding the other subject . in one subject appraoch , one can really concentrate and focus on one subject of his liking . for example , if a student like science more than the others , he can go really deep into it , instead if spending time in history or economics class . finally , having mastered one particular subject in great detail , make that person expert of it . he or she can take up the job of consultancy later on in their life . for example a person who is expert in fluid dynamic can help company overcome their flow problem , using the vast knowledge he ha gained in the subject . as a result it can be really rewarding , a salary of this people or so called subject expert will be sky high . on the other hand a a jack of all and master of none kind of person , one can only do a superficial analysis of the problem , a he or she ha limited knowledge of the subject . to summarize , developing a specialization in one particular subject can be really intresting and exciting . students can save lot of their time in understanding their favourite subject instead of spending time on toatlly unrelated material . moreover , one subect appraoch help a student to become a subject expert which can be again really rewarding and challenging experience .