taking a journey a a way to relax is very popular among modern people . some people like to travel by themselves without a tour guide , they think that it is more quiet and peaceful . as for me , i prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide . but i disagree with considering it a a best way to travel . first , most of people are not familiar with the place where they are going to travel . in some scenario , it may very dangerous to traveler . for example , if you travel alone in a forest where the modern technology can not be used to communicate with outside world . imagine if you miss your way in the forest , meet some dangerous animal or get injured by accident , how would you continue you travel . in this situation , it is impossible for you to enjoy the pleasure of travel . but if you travel in a group led by a tour guide . your friend can help you if there is really some bad thing happened . and since there is a tour guide , the opportunity of occuring some bad thing may decrease . so you can totally enjoy your travel without always worring about all kind of situation . second , common sense tell u that human being are social animal . so for most of people , they can get more pleasure by traveling in a group than by traveling alone . imagine , you and your friend in a travel , you can talk some funny thing , you can share some feeling , or play card with your friend . people in group will make you travel more interesting , you have more thing to do . however , if you travel alone without a tour guide , you are been deprived of the pleasure of communication with your friend . however , i disagree with the claim that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . because the modern society provides u many opportunity to choose . some people can choose to travel by other way by their own option . but i recommend them to prepare enough and gather material about their travel route carefully to resist potentially dangerous event that may happen to them . so , generally , i prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide a a very good way . since , you may get more pleasure . and the travel are safer to you . but i think that travel in other way is still a good way to some people by preparing well .