in my opnion , the number of car that are in use today will not be reduced in the next twenty year . in fact , i feel the number of car will increase in the coming year . i agree with the statment because of some valid reason which are stated below . firstly , if we look at other mode of transportation available to general public , there is no other mode of transportaion which is so much comfortable and independent . one can finsh so many daily activity and save time by having a car . travelling by train is not an easy task during peak office hour and if one is little late to the railway station , he or she miss the train and ha no other option than to wait for sometime to catch another train . this ha so many other implciations on that person daily routine . secondly , the price of car are going down daily . this ha made car easily accessible to the middle class family also . they can plane to a get a small car which fit there budget and satisfy there daily need . for example , a four seater car in indian market is available for 2 lakh , which is very le a compared to the price of the same car few year back . thridly , there are many activity in daily life which have been directly related to car . for example , imaging a person going on a date for the first time . these couple will not prefer to go in a public bus . they will prefer to go in the car . other example can be , normal mode of transortation all not accessible at all the place . so , in order to reach some remote place , one ha no other option then to go by car . there many other activity like going for a dinner with family , which can be easliy managed by having a car . there are some major issue because of increasing number of car on the road . one of them is increase in pollution level in the atmosphere . this can lead to so many injurious disease like lung cancer . but i feel , govertment can plan some other way to check and control the pollution level . in my view this can be checked by making law related to vehicle pollution more strict and punishable . so , in my opnion the use of car will increase in the coming year because in present world having a car is not a luxory but a neccessity .