the statement is about , whether to have broad knowledge of many academic subject or to have specialize konowledge in one particular subject . i prefer to have specialize knowledge in one particular subject rather than having broad knowledge on many subject . if we concentrate on one subject specifically it will be very much useful for u so that we can know every thing about that subject perfectly . if we have knowledge on one particular subject it would very easy for u even to find job related to that subject . it will also help u to become a proffesional in that particular subject . generaly it is not that much easy for any one to concentrate on all the other subject and acquire broad knowledge about them . if weconcentrate on subject related to computer we can decide the way to which we should go that is you will have an idea to apply for the job related to computer rather than applying for any other field . suppose if i we have knowledge on both elctronics and computer we will be in a dilema situation whether to apply for a computer job or electronic job for example i like mathematics a lot from my primary education . i used to get the top mark in mathematics every time . when i joined my engineering i used to concentrate on electrical subject . as a result i found realy difficult to pas mathematics during my graduation , this because i tried to to have knowledge on many subject related to electronics . as i tried to gain knowledge on elctronics subject i wa unable to concentrate on the subject which i used to have knowledge earlier and i even lost my knowledge on that subject . so i strongly support to concentrate one particular subject rather than on trying to have a broad knowledge on many other subject . the main disadvantage of trying to have broad knowledge on many academic subject is we will be realy diificult to choose our profession that is if you concentarte only on mathematics you can known a an mathematician . wheras if try to gain knowledge on all academic subject no one can say what you are , i mean whether you are mathematicin or an engineer or an doctor . by attempting to have knowledge on all subject you may even loose the knowledge about the subject which you have greater control . so it would be better if we have broad knowledge on one particular subject than having knowledge on many subject . it will save your time , help you to choose the perfect path which you are interested in and will leave a satisfactory feeling for you .