the main issue graduate student face just after their study is the choice between gaining a more broad view of the business world or specializing in a particular field with academic study . the real problem is that in the real business world we must be ready to face different choice , and we need a broad knowledge of many different subject . therefore , gaining experience and knowledge on different field by studying different subject and working for different company can give a competitive advantage , that can be described a flexibility . the second solution , on the other hand , is important because a deep knowledge of a particular subject can result in a competitive advantage a well , that can be described a non-sostitutability . both argument seem to be contradictory , but taken together can result in greater opportunity in the the corporate world . i would say that essentially both are relevant : a worker with a very broad knowledge of many different subject will find several opportunity in many company , but his/her limited specific knowledge on a particular matter may result in being overcome by more skilled colleague . a specialized worker can be considered a an asset , but a his/her specialization go out of business , the worker will not be able to suit new role . this can be considered a a lock-in effect . let 's consider , a an example , the internet era : with the new e-commerce some manager with a broad knowledge of different field could exploit that opportunity , resulting in successful strategic choice . very skilled manager with a very focused knowledge , let 's say just on a standardized pipe line , could not exploit the internet era opportunity due to the fact they were missing some crucial skill . at the same time , a very specialized worker like an electrical engineer will have an advantage when his skill are particularly requested in a particular sector . with the internet era , a lot of computer engineer found several opportunity . in conclusion , i think that in order to be a skilled and successful worker , a person should have a broad knowledge basis on many different academic subject , and a specialization in the particular field where he/she is interested in working in .