over the time , technology ha always tend to improve . it is human nature to improve and become better . even the greek believed that ; as an example , chronos , cut his father uranus genitals ; the son would always defeat his father in some sort of way . cars present to society a an issue to be discussed . in fact , car have been discussed already and are changing a i am writing . different asian company such a honda , or nissan have already developed a hybrid car . this car is based on a mixture of electric power and fossil fuel or commonly known a gas . this only represents a change along the car product and not just on the industry a a whole . however , this represents the beginning of the car death . technology ha changed massively over time . type writters have been replaced by computer , in a matter of 30 year . computers would also be replaced in some sort of way in the future . cars would also be replaced by different method of transportation that are more friendly to our globe . the earth is everyones house and therefore it must be clean and taken care of . cars represent a threat for this and therefore they will dissapear . it is only a matter of time . people are starting to be more concerned about the enviroment . finally some common sense is shown by the population of the world when a newspaper showed that the ozone layer had increased it area over the last year . this news would follow the partial abolishement of car a a way of transportation . countries like switzerland , using electric bus show concern about it . cars however , would not be able to dissapear totally . there would always be someone who would have a car . however , the rate of car per country would massively decrease during the next 20 year . again the company stated above are already thinking about diversification and even massive producer of car such a ford or general motors are making huge amount of loss for this last quartile . it should therefore be concluded , that it is only a matter of time for car to decrease in number . the enviroment would finally take over car pollution over the next year . countries would also agree and help citizen improving method of transportation and new company would come out with new good that would substitute car .