with the rapid growth of our civilization , more and more people start paying attention to enjoy their life . indeed , with the passing of time , the meaning of life start to change . many people realize that health is not equal to wealth . moreover , we are standing on the crossroad . in this turning point , young people enjoy life more than old peolpe do because young people intend to do a varity of sport , experience le pressure from the society , and obtain the tendency to try something new . it is no doubt that many sport are for young people . with the upcoming of beijing olympic 2008 , many sport are introduced at the same time . my daily experence is a good example of this , i went to ski last month in vancouver . when i wa standing on the top of the mountain , i rarely see any older people around . in fact , it is estimated that there are more than 500 unique sport in the world . therefore , there are so many sport for young people to attand today ; however , at the same time , there are so few sport for old people to attend . perhaps the only sport i can think of is yoga . to be brief , when doing a sport , young people have more choice than older people do . besides , young people have le pressure from the society . in this comptetive society , all the parent in the world intend to keep their child from danger . on the other hand , some of the parent are trying really hard making money so that they would have a better life after the retirement . conversely , many young people think they have grown up . moreover , they do not feel the pressure from the society . therefore , they intend to enjoy their life more than their parent do . moreover , young people have the tendency to try something new than old people . there is a sport called `` ultimate jumping '' . young people need to jump from a mountain or someplace very high with a rop tied on their foot . i have a friend called jimmy . he is crazy about this kind of sport , and he wa extremely happy after he jumped because it give him a chance to relax . therefore , young people intend to try something new to enjoy their life . with all the aspect considered above , young people enjoy life more than older people do . in my opinion , young people think better than older people do because they know that health is important than wealth .