why doe a person acquire knowledge ? i would say , so that it can be used in living a better life , and if possible making that possible for others a well . which , then take u to the question of which is better , a generalistic or specific . i think the answer is , a mix of both . it is really very difficult not to grow up acquiring a broad knowledge or understanding of various academic discipline a we move up through school and college . we do end up studying different subject and that is good a it make u aware of a whole lot of basic information etc. about so many field of study that have close bearing on our life . it is also this stage that prepares u towards understanding what these various subject deal with and consequently which we find ourselves interested in . so , some amount of broad broad knowledge is generally built in to our academic . however , specialisation in a particular subject also invariably happens at a later stage in college or university . i think that in the world we are living in , it is more and more becoming essential to specialise in a subject so that you have market for your skill in the job market . with the current level of specialisation that the advance in science and technology ha brought about in our work life , it is nearly impossible to be very good at two thing . not only have you to chose early in life whether you want to study medicine , enginering or music but you have to decide soon enough in your chosen stream what specialisation you are interested in . if we take the example of the field of midicine , till two or three decade back , majority of the doctor start practicing a a generalist after an mbbs degree . the one who did go for a specialisation would generally chose from being a physician or a surgeon or gynaecologist and le then a dozen other specialistions . but today world of medicine ha more than a dozen specialistions each for phisicians and surgeon . to conclude , i would say that the world today belongs majorly to a specialist and hence the importance of specialising and in fact super specialising in a subject . we however , should also realise the importance of having people with broad knowldege of thing amonst u to fill in key place .