companies spend a considerable amount of money in marketing of their product . the principal aim of these marketing campaign is to increase sale of their product . a secondary desired effect is to strengthen the image of the company and of the product . consumer choice are often based on brand prestige . in view of these goal , it go without saying that company regularly try to make their product a attractive a possible . to name just a few recent example , we may think about airbus 380 , sony laptop and amd processor . airbus presented their new airplane in a very glamerous way , highlighting the exceptional comfort , high speed and low fuel consumption . recently we learnt that they knew about many major problem , in particular the wiring problem . of course they did n't mention such problem in advertising spot nor will they ever do . they had to admit the problem because they were unable to deliver the aircraft in time . moreover for the stock market they have to provide some information regularly to their share holder . but even then they did not really tell the truth . another example is sony . they are producer of power supply for laptop . they recently found out that battery may explode causing damage to object and injury to person which are close to such notebook . even if they now offer to exchange all the battery , it do not expect them to mention this in tv advertisement spot . the story of amd is somewhat different , because their product is working a you may reasonably expect from the tv spot . the newest processor are much faster and cheaper than the one of previous generation . so where is the flaw in this case ? the flaw is somewhat more subtle : they once compared their product with the one of their strongest competitor and showed their superiority in term of processing power and power consumption . meanwhile in recent advertisement they do not mention that intel ha now the better processor . so they deliberately omitted that their product are now inferior in many aspect . their are many more example of the style `` by my product and you will be successfull '' . what successfull is depends on the product , but many time one can spot admiration or other positive feadback from friend and envy from competitor . consequently these example give evidence that company are unwilling to disclose their weakness in advertisement .