many people prefer to travel in group led by a tour guide , and other people prefer to travel individually . there are many advanatges for both method that i have to take in consideration when i plan to travel and especially when i plan to make a touristic tour to a certain country . on one hand when i travel with a group led by a tour guide , i am limited with the place indicated by the tour guide . however , if i travel individually i can make my own plan and i can go any where i want to visit . moreover , i am not only limited with the place but also with the time that the tour guide indicate to stay in one place . if i travel individually , i can spend more time in one place that i like more than other place . on the other hand , travelling with a group led by a tour guide will be more organized . therefore , regarding the schedule of the trip , the tour guide will make a plan in order to visit the maximum number of place in the country . however , if i am alone , i might miss some important place to visit . also , the tour guide might provide me lot of information about any touristic site , while i can not get these information from any other source during the trip . in the meantime , during a trip with a group . i might take advantage of making some relationship and making some friend . furthermore , it will be a good opportunity to interact with people from different nationality and different culture . so i will be able to practice my language with them and we might go out and have fun together during the free time . however , if i travel alone , it will be a good chance to relax and have some silent moment with myself . sometimes , i need calm after long period of working hard . for example , i will choose to spend some time on the beach , looking at the sea and enjoy the sound of the wave and the weather , this is a relieve for my stress . giving the advantage of boyh method , i belive that when i go for a trip , i should organize the time in such a way that during some day i have to join a group with a tour guide and some day i will need to stay alone . therefore , i will get double benefit from my trip : relaxing and expanding my knowledge about the country i visit .