i do not agree with this statement . broad knowledge of a specific subject might not be enough to solve all the problem and answer all the question about the issue concerning this subject . so we would definetly need expert of certain subject to solve our problem in related area . we , human being , developed a lot and we know much more than we can handle . there is so much to learn . individuals can have enough time only to master a certain subject since reading and experimenting would take a life time . it is better to concentrate on one thing so that you can be rated a an expert and have a good professional life . there are more than 6 billion people on earth and people are becoming more and more educated . so there is so much competition in academic and professional arena . to be able to leave others behind , you need to excel in what you do . let me give you a few specific example . i am a computer engineer and i could have been either a hardware orientent person or a software engineer . i had to make that choice and concentrate because both area are vast and i can have enough time only for one of them to learn and master it . so i chose software engineering . in this way , i can sell myself a an expert on software area and have a promising professional life . because , compaines require specific knowledge about many software product . so i would need to spend a lot of time for example , on a programming language and learn it to the best of my ability . this would be possible when i spent enough time on it and this becomes true if i try to specialise on software engineering by not trying to know everything . of course , i should have broad understanding of other area like , different programming language or even basic understanding of hardware but that is just to make my life easier not to sell my service a an expert of everything about computer . first of all , nobody would believe me since it is impossible to know everything . another advantage of being a specialist is the fact that you can not be replaced easily since there will not be many expert in your area depending on what you do . for example my position in my current project is quite secure although many lay-offs are going on since there is not anyone to replace me . so specialisation secures you a good place in society and in your professional life . today the world is demanding . we are able to live on the moon even . so we progressed fast . we know much more than we used to do and this mean that our brain have much smaller capacity than what is there to store and comprehend . this force me to recommend specialisation a a philosophy . i think this is a must nowadays . .. otherwise , a individual we may not be able to contribute to the society enough .