i believe that while people who keep doing what they know they can do well can be successful for a certain period of time , they will eventually have to turn to something different and try new thing in order to stay successful in the long run . thus , people who are successful over long period of time are usually characterized by the willingness to give up the familiar and to `` explore the unknown '' , that is to try out different thing even if they do not know how it will turn out . in the short run , people can be successful by clinging to what they know how to do well if they are doing something which others can not copy easily . consider , for instance , a painter who master a certain technique of painting which is popular among buyer of art and which other painter can not copy . this painter may be successful even if there is not much alternation , say , in the theme of her painting , because she is the only one who can produce such work of art and people are willing to buy them . but success based on keeping doing what one can do well may not be of long duration . let u continue the example of the painter introduced above : other painter may try to copy the artist 's painting technique and theme , an eventially they may manage to do so . if so , the work of art of the painter who had used this special technique first do not any longer stand out a much a they used to because others have gained the ability to reproduce similar work of art . in order to stay successful , our painter may now have to try out something different : for instance , develop a new technique or turn to different theme . she will have to explore new way of painting . if she manages to do so in a way which friend of art find appealing , she will again be one or several step ahead of her `` competitor '' , and she will continue being successful and reknowned a a painter . a similar logic can be applied to the case of industrial production . a person who invents a new kind of product and who is the first to introduce it to the market will be successful in selling this product at a high price and will make profit if customer like this product . however , over time competitor will manage to copy the product or supply similar substitute . thus , the producer will have to decrease the sale price of his product if he still want to sell it , and his profit will be reduced . in order to keep profit on their previous high level , the producer will have to conduct research in order to invent and introduce new product ; that is , he will have to give up the familiar and try out something different . therefore , i believe that people who are successful over long period of time are people who are willing to try new thing instead of simply keeping doing what they know they can do well .