i agree with the statement . in twenty year , major change in technology will take place in our life , those change would make transportation so easy that people wo n't have to use car anymore . since the human being wa born , he 's looking forward to learn more about the world around him , therefore , he invented way to transport from one place to another . he started with a horse and carriage . however , he wanted to transport faster , so he kept learning and learning until he made car . cars are very useful nowadays and in my opinion a person ca n't live without a car . the human 's life depends on transportation with car . however , there are disadvantage for car such a , pollution . pollution is a big problem in society now so they are trying to find way to reduce the number of car to reduce pollution . in addition , if car are still produced from today until twenty year and people kept buying , there wo n't be enough land to move our car on , it 'll be always crowded and uncomfortable . so it 'll be inconveniant to buy a car . as i said before , the human being ca n't stop developing himself . he 'll try to find an alternative . as a result , recent study have shown example of air-crafts , personal air-crafts for one or two people in it . they cost more ofcourse , but in the long run i think it will take over the car industry . because people will arrive to their destination faster , le frustrated . and eventually the price will be reasonable for everybody . in ten to fifteen year , those personal air-crafts will spread out magically . but not everybody could afford it . therefore , it will take about another five year until people get accustomed to the idea of driving a plane , and price become reasonable for all level of people . as a result , the number of car will decrease . in conclusion , the technology in our world move so quickly that nothing can ever remain forever . a great invention will take place and help the world . but using too much of it will cause problem and have disadvantage . as a result , a new technology will take place .