the issue whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than specialize in one specific subject is a controversial one . on the one hand , some people believe that we can experience the different interesting of many academic subject . on the other hand , others believe that we have to learn thing more specific then we can train the ability of concentrating on thing easily . as far a i am concerned , i prefer to study broad knowledge of many academic subjuects . in addition , i will argue over the issue in the following reason . the first reason for my belief is that we can learn more and apply the subject more . in other word , in such busy and competitive world , we can not close ourselves in just single subject or specific knowledge . furthermore , we ought to open our mind and eye to experience new field . for example , i have studied child education for several year and i teach in elementary school right now . however , i deeply consider that i face too much other difficulty that i have never met before or studed before such a how to connect with their parent effectively or how to reduce my personal anger when i come in class . therefore , a long a i teach , i think i have a lot of thing or subject i need to study . hence , i come back to school and start to learn other academic subject . the second reason for my belief is that i can make other frinds in different area . as matter of fact , we have le chance to meet other people that do not study the same class . i mean we all consider the whole thing in the single opinion that we stand . therefore , we have to widen our mind and reopen it to other area and make some differents friend and maybe sometimes they can give u other aspect idea . for instance , i like to play piano and i have learned it for many year . one day my friend told me that why do n't we coperate with each other . he is good at dancing . when we conbine our idea together , we find it very interesting . to sum up , i firmly believe that we must have broad knowledge of many academic subject because we have to live in the competitive world and you do not believe that how beautiful that we can spark out . in the end , i will conclude the issue by emphasizing that not only do we consistantly study different subject but also we encourage others to do so .