obviously , it ca n't be denied that most advertisement try to insist on the quality of the advertised product , and cautiously hide their dark side . as a result , the consummers , who are the target of the advertisement , may think that the quality of the product are better than they are actually . the very first reason supporting my point of view would be that i can barely imagine another goal for advertising than highlighting the quality of the presented product . and to do so , magnifying the greatness of your production is an appropriate way . for instance , i can remember an advertisement for a washing powder which pretended to make your clothes ` whiter than whiter ' . that may sound a little bit ridiculous , but that 's part of the deal a far a we talk about advertising . another reason explaining that behaviour can , most probably , be found in the growing competition on consumer-goods market . the marketing theory teach u that if you want to overcome your opponent , you have to choose between two strategy : you can either improve your product , or you can advertise it in the proper way . for some category of product , only that last strategy is available : for example , a computer from various brand are all made with the same component , one of the only way to distinguish yourself is to advertise your production properly . but , on second thought , we may challenge our position in some way a it is to be noticed that , on some occasion , advertisement doe n't make product better than they are in real . first , the law generally prohibit advertisement that would purely and merely lie about the property of the good you sell . this limitates greatly the possibility for advertisement to make product better on screen than in real life . second , you ca n't exclude the possibility of having such a great product that it would be totally useless to exaggerate it faculty in an advertisement . finally , and that may sound paradoxical , some adverstisements seem to minimize the presented product . the idea is to tease the consumer who is surprised because of such a strange message . we can quote the example of the british car brand bleinheim which present their luxury car in a pretty poor way .