do you agree ? young people enjoy life more than older people do . different people would have different choice . those who support this point hold the opinion that young people virtually have much more pattern to have fun . others who oppose the point , on the contrast , argue that the old people have more spare time enjoy their life . as far a i am concerned , i literally can not agree more with this opinion , and i will reason and provide concrete evidence to support my viewpoint a follows . the first plaint truth , i am presenting here , is that morden technology provides more opportunity for young people to enjoy life . unfortunatly , older people can use some up-to-date mechines , such a computer . computer is one of the key word of our time . we make use of it not only on the working , but also in our personal life . take me a an example , i literally enjoy surfing on line to find fun . i chat with my friend on the internet , and by the object i like on line . what 's more , my favorate , i play game on line with people all aroud the world . that 's cool ! but my grandpa , who ca n't use the computer , only watch tv at home for fun . what a pity . furtermore , the young people often sake for some risk activity to colour their life . for instance , my brother rally enjoys climing mountins with his friend . it 's so dangrous to climb an vergin mountin , but he think it can tap his potention , so he like it . but my parent only like the nomal activity , such a playing tennis . last but not least , young people know well about how to relaxe themsevles from the pressure . all the older people know is to work harder and harder to accomplish their job . due to the heavy load of the work , they suffer seriouse physical ailment , it is not worthy to do so . look at the young , they know how to relax and how to work effiently . just a what i presented above , they surf on lin and take some risk activity to relax themselves and then go back to work . they find the relaxition really instrumental to their job . obviousiy , the most strinking conclusion is that young people enjoy more than older people do , and i can not agree with it more .