successful people are the people , who have risen in their work and social life . they have happy life and good living condition . moreover , they can apply the new thing and technology tio their life , which is very important in today 's rapidly growing world . in order to understand this fact , the reason behind the success and the way of succession should be investigated . in order to be successful , people should try new thing , because if they would not take risk in the life , they would repeat themselves by doing the same work . as a result , they would not take any risk in the life . because if a person do not take a risk in his life , he could not experience anything . however , the most influential way of learning something is experiencing it . without any experience , he could not learn anything new and he could only do something that he learned from the book and he will repeat himself in all of his life . on the other hand , if he doe not afraid of making failure , he would take risk , and even if he fails he would learn something new and he would not repeat the same mistake , again . it make him a more successful person , because he could make lot of work and he would have a greater vision . a person who do not afraid of taking risk , would also be more familiar with the new technology and the changing demand of the society and his work . if we think about a person who close himself to the new thing , he would repeat himself at that work . however , his work would be changed according to the new technology . for instance , a worker in a company could find a job with using a typewriter , fifteen year ago . however , if he did not develop his skill and think that he is good at typewriting and continue to work with it , he could not rise in any field , because it the computer era and everybody should learn how to use computer . if he took risk and lose some data when he wa learning a computer , he would be a more important worker in his company . as a result , in order to be successful and rise in the life , people should open up themselves to the new thing and they should take risk while trying or learning new thing . because it would protect the person from repeating himself at the work he is doing well . as a consequence , it would not let the person to stay behind the era that he life .