most of adult tend to criticize the young people for their not taking time to help the local community . they insist that most young people these day only focus on their own life , taking individualism a the most important thing . and also adult are urging young people to get out of thier own life and try to help the others who are suffering from economical or emotional problem in their community . and then , according to what the adult say , young people like u have to take a full responsibility for that ? no , i do n't think so . there are so many young people who are willing to help others in the local community . but the problem is that they do n't have enough time to look around and help distressed people and bad circumstance . recent survey on the empolyment rate of college graduate showed that only half of them have been employed . that 's mainly because while the company are provinding much le job , the potential applicant have been increased greatly . that mean that the competition for seeking job became much severe and they have to invest enourmous amount of time getting qualified to work for the company . qualifications for getting permitted to the company are becoming more and more strict a time pass . as a result , it 's almost impossible for young people to take time serving their community . secondly , a current society is being westernized so much compared to the past decade , the concept of `` community '' became vague . few people are well aware of what the community mean to them , which mean they do n't feel like they have to serve the community . current society is not community-centered any more but each home-centered . modern people have a tendency to only focus on their family and relative . that is , these social concept change on the community is one of the main reason that young people these day do n't give enough time to helping community . in this point they ca n't be blamed for that . it doe n't make sense to only criticize the young people for not helping their community . there are other factor that young people can not control for themselves . instead of blaming them only based on their behavior , social structure which can encourage young people to take their time to help the community have to be established first .