i agree with the statement that successful people try new thing instead of doing what they already know how to do well . in today 's changing and competitive world , people who are not willing to try new innovative thing will get left behind . i cite the example of microsoft corporation a a company that ha thrived because they were willing to take risk . they took a contract to develop an operating system for ibm even when they had no product in hand . after signing the contract , they found the appropriate piece of software called dos , and developed it sufficiently to meet all the contract requrements of ibm . if they had not taken that risk , who know where that company would have been today . they contrinued to take enormous monetary and other risk to develop all their subsequent product , especially ms word , even when other word processing product like word perfect were more popular at the time . by showing a desire to change and try new method , microsoft ha reached the pinnacle of it glory in the pc business . my personal experience in the field of engineering ha led me to similar conclusion . our company stayed around 60 employee and grew at a 2-3 % growth rate for the 1st 35 year of existence . however , the advent of another ceo changed the fortune of the company . after about 10 year since he took over , we now have about 400 employee and have more than quadrupled our revenue . this happened because the new ceo expanded the business into other area deemed risky like telecommunication , water resource and control solution . he even opened a `` build '' component to the original `` design '' organization , which wa very risky because of many unknown . the `` build '' component of the company proved to be the biggest revenue grosser at the company . hence , because of the two example provided above , i am convinced that most successful people try new thing instead of just doing thing they already know . they may not always succeed , but a the saying go , bigger the risk , bigger the benefit .