no one can deny that in twenty year whether there will be fewer car in use than there are today is a hot issue which is much talked about not only by young people , but also by people across the world . obviously is that there is no absolute agreement on this . as far a i am concerned , i am fully convinced that fewer car will be used in twenty year after taking all factor into consideration . first and foremost , the main reason is that the technology is advancing at an amazing rate in contempory society . therefore , it is probably that an innovative invention of the transpotation would occured . let u see what transpotation we already have . bikes car , train , and even plane . they both are the great invention which bring large convenience to our society . since they all occured in the past year , i believe there will be more advanced thanpotation in twenty year , so more and more people would ues it instead of car in the second place , another chief and head reason i have chosen to put here is that if an innovative invention could be invented , the our city would be le polluted . a reacent survey show a fact that over 60 percent people would like to give up car to chose another transpotation if it can reduce the pollution of the city . consequently , we can see , in twenty year , the car will probably be le used than there are today . the last but not least , a more personal reason is why there will be fewer car in use than there are now is we could have more safe transpotation than car in twenty year . as we all know , the hurt and death caused by car is increasing a mutiple member . we must do strongly measure to reduce the rate . what is more , the awarness of the safe will force more and more people chose the bus or train to go to work but not car . as a result , the car will become le used than today . as a consequence , taking the above-mentioned reason into account , we can safely draw a conclusion that there will be fewer car in usu than there are today . because the advancing technology would let u invent better transpotation , and the awarness of safe and reduce the pollution will make u chose the other transpotations .