humankind always need to purchase some product to reach good life standarts therefore product are very important and essential aspect of humanslife . everyone ha a different point of view about the idea of advertisement . some people assume that advertisement do n't make product seem much better than they are . in contrast , some believe that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . i absolutely agree with the latter idea . i will clarify the reason behind my argument . first of all , making product seem much better is directly related with the decoration of the most advertisement . in the twenty-first century , people can adorn all the background of adverisements which can be definitely attractive for human being . for instance , while people watch the television , they can observe an advertisement about a food . the producer of this advertisement can use too many people who eat that food in the advertisement , so spectator will be effected provided by people who mess up that meal . furthermore , people who observe this advertisement would like to taste that meal . secondly , the technology is totally related with the advertisement which make product seem much better . besides , the producer of the advertisement can even use some light which indicates that people who watch this advertisement would like to buy the item shown by the producer a soon a possible . for instance , advertisement creaters can only use twelve square in an advertisement , however , if they attempt to use one more square in his advertisement , people who watch his advertisement would like to purchase the item shown by the producer . the last but not least , some taste change are totally related with the advertisement which make product seem much better . in addition to this , while human being watch the television , they can be effected by some meal shown in a channel . for example , if people watch a soap opera in which an artist taste a new drink , they are going to taste this product a much a possible . additionally , drink can be made provided by some dangereous but tasteful aroma . moreoer , people tell the excellent taste of a product his friend , so it will be attractive for these people to taste this product . in conclusion , a i said before , both the decoration of the most advertisement and the technology a well a some taste change of product are absolutely related with the advertisement which make product seem much better than they really are . the long and the short of it is that , the more advertisement producer will have the oppotunity to attract the people 's attention , the more people would like to buy the item shown in the advertisement .