on my opinion , the success during life is given by a variety of element : luck , capacity to choose the right moment to do something , knowledge of course and , for sure , the capacity to try new risk , new thinghs and new challenge rather than only doing what you already do well . let 's think about some example . the economic field is full of people that started from nothing , had a particularly good business idea and became rich and famous in a relatively short time . i have in mind the example of henry ford : he had the idea , he developed it and everyone now know his name . of course , you do n't just need a good idea but you need also other element , like the one i wrote above . moreover you have to know that you are facing big risk that could completely destroy what you have made . let 's imagine an hipotetic world in which people do not love car : the henry ford 's idea would probably not have been successful . this is part of the risk . another good example is the following . let ' s imagine a share market investor : he could behave in a not aggressive way , investing almost all the amount of his money in bond and just a few money in share or he could risk trying to gain a much a he can with the share of an emerging country . well , if everything go well for him , he will become richer than before otherwise he will lose what he ha . stating this , i do not want to say that it is better to risk instead of having a secure return ; i just want to say that to have success you need to be a little risky and try new challenge that you have not already tried . but maybe it is not the only way to have success . if you do something well , sometimes it is not useful to try new experience . it could be better to try to specialize yourself more on your activity to achieve the success in your field . so , on my opinion , the best way depends on your personality and on how much you want to risk everything you have done until the moment you decide if it is better or not to try new challenge .