here the topic is about whether to have broad knowledge in many academic subject is better or in one specific subject is better . i agree with the concept of having broad knowledge of many academic subject is better . having broad knowledge of many academic subject is better because now a day world is growing in every aspect , whether it is technology or science etc . i dont think specialization in one specific subject is enough to enjoy this growth . for example every present engineer other than computer science student also should have atleast some knowledge about the computer even though it is not present in their syllabus in the university , a it is necessary for lot of need like applying job on line and also for the communication purpose etc . at the same time knowledge in many academic subject give you a wide variety of knowledge and you will be having lot of chance to go through and also for the job . now a day people with konwledge in many academic subject are given importance for the job compared to those who have specialization in one specific subject . those people having specialization in one subject will have le chance and oppertunities to get job compared to others . knowledge in many subject will also give some refreshmet to the mind a we go through different aspect of the world . some time our personal intersent will change , at that moment having knowledge in different academic subject will help you to set your mind easily for your new interest . but having intersent in one subject you cant detract youself to another subject if you get bored in the present subject . for example i wa interested in the mathematic during my school age but afterward i found that politics is suitable for me when compared to mathematic . i just changed my opinion and went through politics in my post graduation , a i am having knowledge in many subject , i wa able to set my mind easily . but my friend in the mathematics post graduation are saying that it is boring , while studying mathematics but they cant change it a they are not having knowledge in many academic subject . in my view , for this fast changing world having broad knowledge in many academic subject is better .