sometimes , there are several argues how to teach student , and what is the ultimate goal of the education . and a the creativity of a student is getting important , understanding idea and concept is more emphasized than just recieving fact . there are some student who are good at memorizing and get high mark in school examination . actually , this kind of studying could be a way . however , in most case , these student are not recognizing what those really are , and why they are lerning those . this question would make the student be confused and it is easy for them to give up studying one day . also , even if they finished their academic work , they can not ` create ' anything because they have never tried creating , but accepting everything somebody obtained . this era is could be represented by the word , ` creativity ' . as the deposit of acknowledge is too tremendous for one person 's brain capacity and because of the computer , our past job , which wa just accepting knowledge , wa substituted by the computer . therefore , it is not the issue to copy and paste information . the role of people in these day is ` reproducing ' from past information . and only a person who really understand someting can reproduce , and creat something new from it . some people criticize that in some histrical , political , or other some case which are controversial , making them understand could mean kind of brainwashing . however , just knowing the fact without any standard or way to evaluate them would cause the student confused . so teacher must teach them many viewpoint and opinion of several people , and then let them make their own idea and evaluate the situation . before the invention of the conputer , people could be regarded a intelligent people with numerous just memorized fact . however , these person , in nowadays , is nothing more than a memory card of computer , what they should do is how to use given information properly , and make a new and better one than before .