i agree with the statement that successful people try new thing rather than repeating conventional method . generally , a success is considered a a victory of any kind of competition that achieve certain goal that people would regard highly . thus , in order to win a competition or achieve a goal by any way , people need to have more strength of any kind . thus , i think exploring a new area or new thing would give people a better method to achieve a goal that would be highly competitive against other people , while the exploration might have risk to fail . bill gates , a founder of microsoft , is usually considered a one of the most successful people . his achievment started from a new idea : to produce a personal computer . it wa obviously challenging and risky for him to do the business , since a computer back then costed enormous money while taking huge space . it wa not really possible to be owned by a normal individual . however , he succeeded it , and now , he is one of the most successful business men in the world . another example of a success based on risk would be gabriel garcia marquez 's new style of writing literature . his magical realism attempted to overcome the limit of a novel by utilizing a totally different way of writing . his extremely descriptive and flowing writing style wa first not very well-regarded ; however , he is not considered a one of the best writer in latin america , and numerous writer actually imitate his writing style that a new style of writing called `` magical realism '' finally wa created . even in science , it is necessary to attempt to be creative and try new thing than others to be successful . for example , german army in the second world war had confronted a problem that their missile could not reach america . their effort to improve the range of missile wa great , but it kept failing due to lack of accuracy a the range wa increasing . however , a scientist thought of a new idea to solve the problem . he thought that it wa not necessary to launch missile from europe ; if it wa too far , they can launch the missile from closer place . thus , the scientist invented a missile launcher that can be installed on a submarine , which apparently could attack the main land of america with extreme accuracy . in general , a new method that creativity provides grant people to be more competitive . as if an armed person fight with an unarmed person , it is certainly beneficial for people to try new thing . even though it usually ha a high possibility of failure , it is worth to try to explore new idea , and generally successful people are people who have obtained a solution by new thing without failing . it can be said that although there is a risk for a new thing , if it doe not fail , it will be a base of a success . therefore , it is worth trying new thing .