first , it should be noticed that the statement can be divided into two distinct and independent part . a part of the statement say that the best way to travel is in group and an other part of the statment say that it is better to travel with a guide . these two statments are independent because one can travel alone with a guide or a group can travel without guide . concerning the first part of the statement , i personally believe that it is better to travel alone or with a small group for the following reason . it is much slower to move frome one place to another with a group ; there is always somone late we have to wait for . as a result , we spend more time gathering people and waiting for lost person than actually travelling and seeing the country . another reason that lead me to think that travelling alone is better is that it allows you to meet people , which is to my opinion one of the most interesting aspect of a trip . i like to travel because i enjoy getting in touch with foreign people , i have always been facinated by the diversity in life style that one encounter in our world . while some people are mostly interested in taking a sunbath on the beach or having party in night club ; i would rather try to exchange idea an opinion with local inhabitant , which is i admit not always a success . this is why i prefer to travel on my own since when we are in a group , which are most likely from our home country , we tend to stay with them instead of knowing local people . nevertheless , i do not think that being led by a guide is necessarily a bad choice ; a tour guide can show u place that we would never had found by oureselves , especially if the guide come from the country we are visiting . but here again , i believe that having a guide for a smaller group is more interesting since we have more opportunity to speak with him and to ask him question than we would have in a larger group . it would be even better if the guide is not someone we pay but a good friend ; good firends are the best guide because they what we like and they can therefore adapt the content of the tour to our personal preference .