i agree that most advertisment make the product much more better than they are . advertisment are the thing that try people to think that product are very valuabe and make people to desire that product . there are some reason that advertisment shoulds be better than the actual product . first , advertisment ha many variety . it can shown on the tv commercial , and newspaper , magazine and radio . those advertisment should be used in a place that attracts people attention by catching thier eye . so there should be something which ha impact or word that are very interesting . for example , in tv commercial , they us music togather and some music are very simple and fun that can be easy to remember to whome wich ha been heared it . it is very important to been remembered to customer to develope the sale . so writing the point you want to be remebered or the point that is the advatages of the product , they should emphasize it in best way . second , advertisment is the biggest and easiest way to show the goodness of the product and build up the image of the company too . to have a good sale or , being popular , or expanding the scale of the company , they have to be mentioned by large amount of population . so to show the product better is the most important thing that you have to concern when you are making the advertisment . third , i have experienced many time that i thought advertisment ha tricked me . somethimes there are advertisment that emphasizes too much and it very differes to the real product . but in another way , it is not a lie and the point wich ha been emphasized are true . it it one of the way to sale thing to people and it is not a crime . every company ha their own way to win the war of the sale and honor . making the advertisment better is one of the way of making the company better . from these point , emphasized advertisment ha no problem do ing so , and it is the way to intorduce the product . there are many advertisment surrounded to our life and we often see them while we are living . the customer can be easily find what we want in a small amount of time spending to search , and form the company point of view , it is the part that ha to effort to increase the sale amount . making a good , interesting advertisment is one of the salespoint that company and the product ha to concern .