cars have been considered to be one of the most important invention of mankind , which went a long way in enhancing his mobility . today they have been transformed from the status of a luxury to that of a necessity . it is for this reason that there ha been a noticeable surge in the number of car . however , twenty year hence , the scenario would be quite different , and i firmly believe that the present day volume of car is just the tip of an inverted ` u ' and would defnitely go down in the time to come . the foremost reason why i believe that the number of car would be le two decade later is based on the present day status of fuel . the utilization of petroleum resource is already at a considerably high level and their cost ha seen a high increase in the last one decade . the exorbitant price of the fuel would definitely deter the consumer to go for car . adjunct to this , this premise is based on the their very availability ; given the fact that petroleum is a non-renewable source of energy , it might just become extinct in two decade . one might resort to other fuel like hydrogen and fuel-cell based car , but they are yet to go a long way in term of their popularity among the general public . secondly , with rising pollution level , the government might resort to taking preventive measure by putting a ceiling on the number of car owned by an individual . it might even consider to discourage the buyer simply by raising the tax slab . an average consumer , thus , might look for alternate mean to commute . emanating from the same argument , the government might also take some positive step , like making public transport more efficient . a meticulously designed and managed chain of public transportation system like bus and local train would certainly encourage even the car owner to opt for them . i also presume that two decade later most office would switch from the time-consuming ` manual ' mode of functioning to an ` electronic ' way . with excellent internet based working environment , one might not need to commute at all ; added to that everybody would be highly accessible . hence , such a work environment would also imply a lessening of the reliance on car . the preceding assertion have been put forward in context of the supply side of the story ; on the consumer ' side too there would be some change in their perception . cars would no longer remain a status-symbol . people would become increasingly aware of the ill-effects of pollution and would surely like to contribute their share in reducing it by decreasing the use of car a their prerferred mode of trasnportation . in general , an overall increase in the level of awareness of the user would in itself lead to a decline in the number of car . taking all these point into consideration , i can say with a good degree of confidence , that the number of car would definitely decline in the future . afterall , all of u want to make this earth a better place to live in .