when you open your magezines or open your television , you will always see some article or some news which about some successful people in our society . some of them may running business well , some of them may doing well in there polictical career . maybe you will have a question that why these people can success . for this question , some people may say that these people have the courage to do what other people do n't want to to , and i agree with this idea . successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . new thing mean new life , and also , new risk mean new award . first , in the new society new thing mean new life . just like all of the inventor in the history , if you want to reach the new point of your life , you must find out new thing to support your career . like edison found out the light , like the shakespare created new kind of article and drama , and also like marx who created socalism . these people are considered successful people , because they found out or created new thing . for your life , new thing mean new point , new status and new value of your career . so if you want to be a successful person like these famous people in the history , first of or , you should try news thing , create new thing for the society , not only do some common thing in your life . but it 's not the thing if you want to be successful and you also should have the courage to take risk of your choice . in our life , risk not only mean dangerous , but also mean award , just like one person said before , how much you pay , how much you get . like these famous people in the history , they also took the risk or they could not become a successful people . for our life , risk also mean award , mean opportunity , mean the chance that you get the pay . on the world , nothing is free , so if you want you be successful , you must take risk of your choice , take risk of your behaviour . successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , at the opposite , if you want to be a successful person , doing new thing and take risk are necessary . new thing mean new life and new beginning , and risk refers to the award you will get .