the very task and eventually also the goal of advertisement is it , to promote a specific product in a way that make it difficult for the potential customer to withstand from purchasing it . therefore , those responsible to create commercial and advertisement , might be tempted to make certain product look better than they actuallly , soleley in order to gain a higher profit . this , i believe , is also the intrinsic factor in my essay , it is the greed of a capitalistically driven world to gain more and this more can be labelled a money . so , how is it possible to gain this precious metal ? many add focus on the fear people have , and the fear in western society are very often linked to the fact of growing older . this is escpecially true for the use or one might even be able to call it abuse of woman growing older , who in our socities are still greatly judged according to their outer appearance . simultaneously with their outer beauty fading away and the first wrinkle appearing their pocket are becoming looser and they are ready to respond to corresponding add . the add usually show woman who lose their wrinkle thanks to a great new cosmetic invention within only a couple of week . in fact , it is true , according to scientific research , that event like this do n't occur overnight , not even within a two-week-period . to me , this sound very much like withholding information from the public and making use of the existing lack of knowledge on this subject . another example show this even more thoroughly . many add praise the outstanding advantage of eating a special yoghurt full of specific micro-organism , which contribute to the well functioning of our intestine . yet , what everybody who a a little understanding of the biology of human being a well a the entire biosphere , know , is that every single yoghurt , not just this very specific one , contains exactly the same fabulous micro-organism , surprise , surprise ! this definitely can only be referred to a misleading information . in the light of what i have tried to elaborate on , it appears to be very obvious that i very much agree with the question being posed here . advertisements which should in fact inform public properly on the product they promote , do very often pas on misleading information .