i like to think that i am the kind of person who is willing to like to travel very much . addition to that , the best and most important thing for a travel is to be in a group led by a tour guide for some reason . firs of all , to travel in a group by a tour guide is more economic . when i wa in my country , i wa going to travel to istanbul with my friend . as you know , istanbul ha always become a very critual city throughtout history . to learn istanbul and see every place of it is always megical to me . hence , we planned to speak with an advisor who wa working in a tour company in istanbul . the tour cost approximately 1.000.00 dolar . and also , all our requriments wa going to be given by the company . however , the reason wa that we could not offer that money . therefore , we got some credit from the company . the most beautifil thing were we could save our money . being in a group led by a tour guide give you some opportunaties to you . you can save your money because you will be able to know how to spend your money before the travel . during your travel , you do not have to determine your payment because they will have done by the company before the tarvel . the second reason why i think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide is that you can develop your friendship and you can learn more thing about the city that you will visit by the guide . during your travel , you can have a conversation with people who are from diffirent country . for , some travel company make their tour with tourist . therefore , you can meet people from other country . for example , our tour wa with german student and we discussed with them turkey and it importance for european union . furthermore , i learnt many interesting thing about istanbul that i didnt know from the guide . since they are educated about the city that they are responsible for , they know the some hint of the city . during your travel , you can ask them some question about your thing that you will see . finally , the reason i have just mentioned above , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . it offer you some opportunaties before and during your travel .