there are a variety of people in the world that ha different profession . between them , there are successful and unsuccessful people using their talent . in my opinion , what make this difference is that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing that they already know how to do well , when the unsuccessful people do n't . three reason will support this idea ; by taking risk , they will grow respect to others , understand fear of going out from the comfort zone , and experience different world that would make his or her own profession improve . firstly , people should know how to respect other people for living in a society . if you could n't understand , or at least try to understand what other people are saying , you could not observe important opinion that might help your talent improve . what is true in every successful people are , that they observe people 's idea , see if it is valuable for him or herself , and make it their own advantage . secondly , people grow more mature when they know how it feel to lose . understanding and experiencing the fear to step outside from your comfort zone , and explore the outer world and other people 's point of view , make you more thoughtful . if they happen to know only themselves and his or her sorroundings , they would have an extemely short-sighted and stubborn point of view . they will be overly-confident and proud about themselves and this will definately not help the person to succeed in their profession . thirdly , exposure to an area that you have n't experienced before would be very efficient for the person 's own growth a a human being . risking yourselves and trying something new , or observing new information and reflecting it to your own activity , put spice to your profession that result in an evolution of your talent . in conclusion , by risking your own property and experiencing the world you do not know , make the person more of a kind and respectful , intelligent man or a woman . therefore , i think that it is beneficial to take risk rather than staying in their comfort zone .