have you ever bought something dfferent from the fly ? how do you feel when this happened to you ? as a matter of fact , i do agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . because of the developement of technology , businessmen like to use technical way to make their commercial look attractive to customer . why i agree with the statement is due to the following reason . first of all , in my opinion , businessmen realize if they want everyone to buy their product , they ought to have a good advertisement because human can be attracted by nice picture . for example , i like to eat instant noodle and one day there wa a new flavor coming up and when i saw the commercial on tv , the noddle looked like very delicious . however , after i bought one pack of that instant noodle , i tried it and i found it did not tast like the one i saw on tv . i wa upset about that . thus , making a good advertisement is a way that businessmen like to use to attract people . secondly , in term of busin , advertisement are considered a the best way to sell product . for example , my friend is running a carpet company and before he opened this company , he wa asking me for setting up a website for his company . ultimately , i did a great job on the task that he assigned me . when he saw the website , he told me it wa incredible . moreover , because of this website , he got many customer . however , in hindsight , the picture that i put on the website look much better than they really are in that i use a very good camera . therefore , advertisement are the way that businessmen use to sell product . in conclusion , most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are because customer are attracted easily by those beautiful picture . furthermore , good advertisement are also used by businessmen . in the end i would like to summarize my argument by emphasizing that do not buy those product if you do not trust the advertisement .