young generation hold on their shoulder the future of a naton . they are intrusted with the task of making th e nation achieve the new hieghts of development . this task is fullfilled by them in a number of way , and one of such way is helping their community . community can be of many type , religious community , social community formed for the old or handicape etc . no nation can succeed if these community are neglected . the comminities also shape the charecter of the youth and the country . young people help these community or not , depends on their act and ommission to perform certain act . what exactly do these community need ? a religious community with want the young generation to abide by it principle and act according the dictate of the religion . whereas , a community for the old and underprivleged would want help , aid and assistence from the youth . there are other type of community like , community formed by various trader , industrialist , worker etc , all of them expect the youth to particiapte and follow the rule of the community and hepl they achieve their goal . the youth of today perform these task depending upon their liking for the community . as one say `` when there is a will there is a way '' that is if one want to do a particualr thing he/she will do it no matter what . one can not generalise the youth a one a they are diverse in nature . ceratin section of youth do give time to the community they believe in , but they ahve no time for the community they feel lowly of or are not member off . to conclude i would like to say that , there are a lot people who engage themselves with the charitable and religous community and take out time for them not matter what . some individual who believe in social work always spend time with the old and handicape , a it satisfies their conscience . others who are member of ceratin community devote time a when it is required for the progress of that community . i believe that the youth of today give enough time helping their community . to him the need to spend time is not important but the urge to give time is .