i do n't completely agree with this statement . in a certain way , young people ( young adult ) enjoy life more than older one , but , older people do enjoy life , at least certain aspect of it . of course , it also depends on your definition of `` enjoying life '' . when you are young , healthy , when you do n't have responsabilities yet , you probably enjoy life : travelling , going out , practice sport . for instance , travelling requires a certain physical ability : enduring a 12 hour flight , an eight-hour jet lag , different weather . .. young people adapt more easily to these change , while for older people , it take more time . but the counter point of being young , is that you have to study or work to build yourself a future , so you might not have a much time a someone who is retired . enjoying life for young people nowadays sometimes mean taking drug , which can cquse irreversable damage , and because of that , they wo n't be able to enjoy life a older people . but on the other hand , when you are older , in general , you have more money and more time to spend . for example , older people in their early retirement year . they are still healthy , they have more money than a 20 year old student , they can travel where they want , for a long a they want . but with age come responsability . you get older , you have a family to support , you ca n't go out clubbing every saturday night . and , when you get older , health is n't always on your side . and with a bad health it is more difficult to enjoy small pleasure of life , for example , skiing when you have a bad knee , going to a concert when your hearing is getting worse . as you grow older , your occupation change . when you are 20 , you like going to club and dancing all night long , but by the time you are 45 , you prefer a quiet night with a couple of friend . this is still enjoying life , just at a different level . some people say the point of being young is to enjoy life , but what 's the point if when you 're 50 , you have a heart disease that 's unables you to do the thing you like ?