i completely agree with this statement . when people try to innovate in a certain matter they are using all their capacity to obtain success . risking yourself will give you courage that will help you to continue the path you have proposed yourself . all the people live with the capacity of making some improvement in something . some take advantage of this , some others do not . when people try to go through the easy path , they know they will have le posibilities to fail but that they will not be able to succed . success is something that come only when you really put effort in something , the most classic example would be someone trying to open a certain shop . if that person work hard and take the risk to sell something innovating they will not always be able to grow economically but spiritually . knowing thay you tried best you can will be the best reward you will ever gain . but here come the point were we shoud ask , what is success ? is it obtaining economicall profit ? or maybe is more than that ? success is not something material , success is something that come when you know you are making something you were ment to be , no matter what the odds were . trying hard and failing , so you have the chance to try again is the path to succes . this is not something you will obtain by following normal pattern of behaviour or conduct . putting yourself in difficult situation and unpredictable scenario make you work at all your capacity and the reward for this is plainly success . a man that decline a transference of his workplace to a place were he would earn more money so he can stay more time with his family , will become a succesful person . he wo n't have economicall beneficts , but the satisfaction that his desition brought him will make him know that he triumphed in life , that he is really succesfull . succes will not come to people that are blindly following pattern and doing only what they think they can do , it 's in the action of taking risk were people are able to discover what they are really capable of and a a result become successful person .