`` why should i spend my evening with helping in the community center ? i have to help myself to get to enjoy at least some part of the day after school ! '' this is the answer of my friend i received yesterday when i asked her to accompany me to help in a kid swimming-class at the community center . so i sometimes wonder whether it is true that nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their community . life in a community follows simple rule . one basic principle is the one of giving and receiving . `` you get a much a you give ! '' concerning the special aspect of time in our society today time ha become a rare good . with regard to the tendency of increasing egotism and cold calculation in the sense of whether spending time on certain action can be beneficial for u . if the answer to this question is negative we tend no to do it even if the moralicly correct decision would be differently . in the case of my friend , who i asked to help in a swimming-class for kid it would not be lucrative for her to do so . in her opinion , the time she is spending at the community centre is `` lost time '' because there are neither advantage to be expected nor is it a freetime activity where she can enjoy heself because it is like a job one doe not get payed for . but maybe there is something else which make this activity `` lucrative '' . maybe we should consider the aspect of love for others - even with the image of an egotistic youth ? if i respect what other part of my community do for me , for example drive me to school , i am respecting their effort , the time they invest partly also in me . therefore - being driven to school and people investing time in me - i am glad . and being glad i come to the conclusion that i might not be a glad if the others did not invest the much time . concluding this my goal would be to keep others investing time in the community . since they will only do this if they also get something back i necessarily have to invest time in the community myself . and i might also find a task with which i can help , invest time and at the same time have fun myself . in my opinion this is not an utopia of community life . i have found such a task myself . since i love swimming and have a certain knowledge how to teach it and also adore child i combine both . i give swimming-classes at the community center every wednesday evening and enjoy this very much . finally i suggest to make clear to young people that giving some of their expensive time to the community they receive even more than expected . and that in the end this moral and communital behaviour can turn out to be very lucrative for everyone !