today , there are many different kind of the car in the word for different reason . one might be that people like different style of the car and the other might be that people created that for different reason . for example , the company which based on selling their car will produce nice out looking car , which doe not mean their car ha clear system . on the other hand , there are some company which based on producing le polluted car . which do you thing will increase ? what i strongly believe in twenty year is that even though there are many project to keep our environment clean from the gas from the car , there is no decrease of the car us because people want the nice car and it actually give great opportunity to live in out fast moving world in order to being a successful man/women . first , people 's desire to the car will not stop at all . of course there must be some people who try not to use the car but problem is there are not enought people to make us of the car decrease . in fact , every single family ha at least one or two car and moreover , there are numerous people who collect the car . ! do you think it is possible to make them not to collect ? the basic reason why people keep collect new car is it give sufficient feeling to have the full feeling . the answer is , obviously , no . so , it is impossible to decrease the number of car in the world . because of it 's usefull fact , easy and comfortable to go other place , people will more and more use the car . people can not follow our fast-pace life without the car . since our world ha been developed very well , in fact , the number of people who work at the job like business where people continuosly move to different place are continuosly increasing . be more specifically , since people want to do something a fast a they want , car provides valuable fact , especially time saving . time saving is one of the most important skill in our life in order to be success . even though some people try not to use their car , it doe not mean our environment will be clear . for decreasing car us , there must be some sort or movement of the government under the law . however , what make me to disagree is that if i see the statement from now , it is impossible that there will be fewer car us in twenty year .