there is an argument regarding whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . personally , i agree with the statement for the following reason . first , broad knowledge will discover one 's potential talent . also , it lead people to grow deeply from many aspect . first and foremost , knowledge from the variety of field will help people to find potential telents . in today 's society , many school offer a much subject a possible for the student . that is largely because there are plenty of poeple who ha not known what they want to be . in this case , broad knowledge of many academic subject can be a good experience for the one 's future . they can learn variety of subject and choose their major from it . to be specific , my brother always dreamed of dentist however after he experience many academic subject , he realized that he ha more talent in astronomy rather than dentist . it turn out , he enjoys his job and always tell me that `` people should learn from variety of subject to discover what they really want '' . therefore , the knowledge from diverse area is crucial for developing one 's telents what is more , broad knowledge allow people to grow into more desirable person . thesedays , it is common sense that being a specialist in one area is the key for the success . however , those person are success is not appropriate . although they finalcially succeed , many specialist have problem with some issue that he doe not majored . according to a recently released survey by the korean national reaserch center , more than 40 percent of specialist have problem with socialization . the research show that these people tend to self-esteem due to their notion that they are much better than others . therefore , having broad knowledge lead people to develop in variety aspect . in conclusion , having broad knowledge of many subject are more crucial than to be specialize in one subject because they will discovoer one 's skill and potential telent and lead people to g