a community is an organisation that indulges in selfless activity which will indeed be benefitial for the society a a whole . the community do not operate for money or commercial purpose . the only kind of ` fuel ' a community need to perform it function is the continous support from the people which surround it . the support from the young is very vital in this case a they have the zeal to accomplish task with great proficiency . young brain are very innovative and would always help the community in various aspect . however , in my opinion , nowadays the young do not give enough time to these community . they have adopted an ignorant attitude towards them and fail to realise that the community is indeed making their life easier . let u take an example of a community that work for the old aged , the community 's basic operation are to help the old in living their remaining life cheerfully and without trouble . the community help them by doing a part of their daily chore and by spending time with them to give them some company . now the young fail to realise that if the community flourish , it is they who will indeed be benefitted , the life of their grandparent will become easier and not only this , they would get the same kind of love and affection from other when they grow old . the young are however unconcerned , and would prefer spending their free time watching television , playing computer game or merely wasting time with friend . they do not realise that involvment in these community ha many hidden benefit too . one get a feeling of self satisfaction and responsibility a he would be contributing to the development of the society , he would also attract apppreciation from other member of the neighbourhood and they would value his action . one can also learn a lot many virtue by working for selfless cause , he is exposed to various element of the society , he ha a chance to study their behaviour and characteristic and since young people are keen observer , he would be able to imbibe a lot of practical knowledge . sadly though the new generation ha not been able to think beyond selfish cause and they seem to have forgotten the wise old saying that true happiness lie in the happiness of others .