enjoying life and profiting of life are very important . enjoying life for me doe n't depend on a specific age but it depends on willing , circumstance , money , health and a lot of other thing . if we take the point of willing or looking forward to enjoy life , we will get variable situation and variable result . for example there are young people who are full of freshness but they don ' have the willing of enjoying life and i am one of those . iam 28-years-old , i am thinking all the time about problem especially my problem and my ambition without paying attention that i am losing a lot of time in stress and calculation with no result and in the same time i am not enjoying at all my life . in the same time i am astonished from my grand father who is 82-years-old and he is enjoying every single moment of his life . sometimes , the circumstance of the life doe n't allow u to profit from life . for example i know some people who can not enjoy their life due to a unique reason which is : ( work ) , the word seems so simple and we can ask ourselves how can work can block like this the sense of enjoying life ? it 's so simple when you work between 9 and 12 hour per day you ca n't really enjoy because you do not have time and your brain became formated only to work . i think that there are a lot of young healthy people who can not enjoy their life due to their work . in the same time there are other young and old people who have the priority of enjoying life without thinking in work . other point that can influence our sense of enjoying life is money . some people , enjoying life for them is depending essentially on money , because for them they can not enjoy without travelling , without buying luxurious car and house and this part of people is including young and old people so it doe n't depend on age . the last and the most important point for me is : health . a person who is sick or with bad health condition , can not have a good quality of life and a a rsult of this he can not enjoy life even if he ha the willing and money . on the contrary of a person in a good health can enjoy his life easily with little bit of money and willing . to summarize-up for me enjoying life doe n't have an age but we can say it ha a soal .