this issue ha been discussed widely within the already established literature , and , obviously , it is a very interdisciplinary topic . we could discus about the relationship between reality and idea referring to very different conceptual field , and , hence , using very different theoretical system . according to my sociological preparation , i would discus the topic considering the social implication of understand fact and idea , within the overarching context of education . as a first point , we should define what is an idea and what is a fact . defining them could be important in order to continue with the discussion . if we conseder an idea a a totally autonomous concept within the individual process of defining reality , i will state that idea are useless , not being based on experience . coherently with the kant 's thinking , the process of construction of the world can be defined a the filling process of some category `` box '' . these box are defined a the basic vision of the reality [ i.e. the causal relationship between phenomenon ] , and in order to be productive for the undertsanding of the world they have to be filled by specific external experience . therefore , it is my opinion that idea can not be considered a separate and independent concept form the reality , but rather that they are influenced , and they influence at the same time , our perception of the world , and , consequently , the way we act within it and the way we create our identity . in order to come back to the statement you provide me , i absolutely do n't think that it could be possible to think about idea and expertise in a separate way , and so the core and hidden question behind that sentence is : how do idea and experience are related within the preparation of the student . in practise , in order to have a well-working and a long - end didactic we should provide a real experience for each concept or idea we want to teach . the experience i 'm talking about is not supposed to be strictly based on a practical action [ a going outdoor and see the tree after a lesson on plant ] , but it could be simply providing some practical example about the matter of study . on the other side , experience is always influenced by idea embedded in our society and , of course , in our indentity [ considered a an idea of undertsand ourself and the others in relaton to u ] . teaching clear and coherent idea is a starting point in order to have a complete experience of the empirical world . in conclusion , idea and experience are totally interlinked each other and mutually influenced , in a dialectic way .