the issue of the quantity and the quality of knowledge required to succeed is a very old one : in fact we today know that nobody can have the so-called ` total knowledge ' of the world . this wa probably possible three or four century ago , when the state of our scientific knowledge wa limited , that is why scientist , philosophs or writer like goethe , rousseau , pascal have surely known everything when they lived . but it is an utopy today , and in our everyday life the question that come often is : do i have to follow a generalist or a specialized cursus ? i personnaly agree with the statement underlining the idea that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic area than to know everything about one area , like cell biology or ship construction , for example . my view is surely subjective because i made a french ` classe preparatoire ' before being admitted , two year ago , in a business school in france . so i had to study during two year no le than 8 academic class : mathematics , french , history , economy , english , german , philosophy , computer skill . each one wa very important and often evaluated with both writed and oral assessment . to my mind follwing a great number of class at the young age is a very constructive and usefull way to be educated : on this purpose all country all over the world proceed this way until the child becomes a teenager . but after that each country ha it own view on education : germans will prefer to choose a specialization very soon ( with 13 or 14 ) whereas france or the united states give a priority to long study at the university . i remember a day when i wa in ` classe preparatoire ' , a professor of philosophy felt that few people followed his class , and he told one of the student that in spite of his probable future of financial manager , dealing with number and bank all the day , he will miss his class of philosophy because it gave him a way to think about everything in the life . this explanation of our professor created by me a new view on subject i did n't appreciate , and now i make effort to interest me on each business point that i have to study at school . but to conclude with , i naturally understand that i will have to decide me for a specific orientation to my professional future very soon . it is necessary , but i think that in a highly evolutive labour market , it is a n opportunity in conceiving to do very differnt thing in his career .