i agree with the statement , `` successful peolpe try new thing and take risk rather than doing thing what they already know how to do well '' . i believe that successful people are the one , who have reached new height and a stage which others believe is difficullt and hard to obtain . the idea of being new ha always attracted the crowd and only sustained for short time . if it wa not appealing for a long time . i believe that successful people have always tried to keep the concept of new alive by taking risk and sustanining for long period . the idea of taking risk to succed ha always been repeated in history and in present . for example grays , the person who ha written the book of human antomy . ages ago , during his time it wa considerd a sin to dig the corpse and study on it and wa not allowed . he with the passion ha risked to go to the graf at night and dig the corpse and get it to his lab and work on it , his book of anatomy is considerd even today the best book of human anatomy ever written . thus , making him a successful person , this only happened a he ha taken the risk of trying new thing than being convential . sticking to old medicine taught to him at that time . history ha repaeted this kind of example over and again , for example a buisness man named mithal , one of the richest person in the world and an owner of the largest steel industry in the world . he hailed from a family which wa very poor and wa taught to do buisness only in a small scale but with an envision of new concept he risked to buy a small steel industry and after that with a new concept of not making a stell industry , insted aquiring industry which are not doing good buisness in the form of colabration ha led him to become the owner of largest buisness in the world . this is only possible by taking a risk of applying a new concept with a vision . the idea of taking risk and being successful ha alsways been constanly rewarding to all the succesful people . thus i strongly belive that a person taking a risk with agood vision would succed and become a successful person than by sticking to what he know .