there are many way to learn and to exapand student mind today . whether it is teaching them fact or taking the time to make them understand the idea and concept . firstly , in the case of teaching student the fact , for the student and the teacher themselves it is quite a boring task . there would be no interaction and communication between the teacher and their student . students will become le interested and may not participate in class , choose not to attend or decide to misbehave , making the teaher 's job much , much more difficult raising the pressure and stress of the teacher to make sure that the student walk out of the class room knowning the fact . on the other hand , teaching the student to understand the idea and concept make the student more confident and confortable in the future when they come to study the certain subject or to take an exam on the topic . moreover , it make the subject more enjoyable to learn a the teacher and the studnts exchange idea and thought to unravel the concept of the topic . in addition , it also help the teacher to become closer to his or hers student , to get to know them , understand their way of thinking , to understand themselves where the student weak point lye , and how in the future help their student to improve in their acadamics . overall , in my opinion , i believe that student should have the best of both argument , the fact and the understanding of idea , for the following reason ; using the fact make sure that we have accurate information , to use whether it in an essay or in aswering question in an exam or simply in a disscussion . side along with that , i believe having talk and debate on topic help the student to feel for the subject more and more and make them feel more involved . a very good example , is in a history class , where the proffessor talk about a certain piece of history like world war two . you must have accurate data such a time and date and chronological order of event . aswell a disscussing the thought and emotion of the leader of the war and the people of the country that were involved in the war at the time . another example is in english litrature , that i personally take myself . one of william shakesphere 's play macbeth , there is plenty of space to debate and discus , such a his concience throughout the play a he kill the king . if i could not share any of my opinion or thought i would feel so bored and not a emphusiastic a i am about the play now . finally , i go back once more , i believe that knowning the fact is much important a understanding them aswell .