i think being youmg mean to be able to do thing more easily and freely . when you are young , you are le responsible and you have more energy and the feeling of excitement for life . hence , i do agree with the statement saying that ` young people enjoy life more than older people do . ' to illustrate my opinion we can compare some family member . the parent are responsible for both their life and their child 's life . so , they can not move free from their child . for example they can not go to holiday without considering their child . they should find a solution about their young . also , they should take permission from their work . on the other hand , child can easily go to holiday by just taking their parent ' permission , although sometimes they even do not do this . they are more free to do the thing they want to . if we think about the couple just married , the situation is not too different again . once you begin to work . you become a member of real life dealing with real problem to survive and you forget about the beautiful part of living . you are so surrounded with the problem that you become having a monotone life full of problem . however , when you are young , you do not have to earn money to survive . your family support you financially . youngs also have responsibility like finishing school , but they have more free time compared to older people . you just care about school-based problem and friendship-based problem . life is mostly full of enjoyment for you . you are not still aware of the real life problem even you hear about them . most of the time you just think of your own pleasure . another thing is that , the older you become , the le energetic you are . to enjoy life , you should have the desire of living . when you are younger you are more inexperienced and you aer not aware most of the bad part of living . thus , you want to do every enjoyable thing . however , a you become older you are bored of living since you have experienced lot of bad thing and so you think that life is not very enjoyable . in sum , i really believe that young people enjoy life more than the older people because young people are more energetic and le responsible and they see just the enjoyable part of the world .