i agree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . most of the thing , we enjoy require novelty , travelling and friend . while young , we have the physical strength to travel around place . old people travel little and that too making their travel a least streneous a possible . therefore , they avoid exploring new and difficult reaching place . travelling becomes much more enjoyeable when it involves physical activity and sport such a trekking , mountaineering etc , which old people are unable to enjoy . visiting place may not be a fun to old people because they already have so much experience and stand much higher chance of visiting the same place again . youngs , on the other hand , feel the excitement of visting a completely new place and environment never explored earlier . the normal life of young is more dynamic a compared to that of the old . there are always very special event such a the first date , marriage , first child , first job etc which keep a young person lively . old people are more prone to illness and therefore restrict themselves to a safe and secure environment which keep them restricted to small vicinity . old people in general tend to take little risk in whatever they do , for example , planning on-the-move trip . uncertainity add another diminsion to entertainment , and since young can afford to take such risk they tend to enjoy themselves more than old people do . least but not the last , friend are very important element to enjoy life . young people usually tend to have a wider friend circle , since they meet much more people during thier daily routine during college , at office place , at club etc . however , old people mostly prefer to stay at home and therefore have a limited frind circle . old people have thier old friend but again due to limitation on frequent streneous travel they get o meet them rarely . so all in all we should try to enjoy a much a possible while we are young . we never know when we would become physically so weak that we may not be able to enjoy ourselves much .