how successful are you ? have you ever felt that you are successful enough that you do n't need to try other thing and become successful in other thing you did not try before . well , you are not really a successful if you think what you succeeded in is enough . successful people are those who worked hard to accomplimish and achieve their goal . as a matter of fact , you wo n't become successful unless you work hard for what you want to achieve . you can become successful if you really worked hard for what you want . successful people tend to try new thing other than the one they already succeeded in , because a successfuls , they truly believe that they have to keep working hard to achieve more goal and have various career where they succeeded in , even if they had to pay their own risk on the trial of becoming successful in more career . successful 's ambition do not stop at a particular point , they always have ambition and they always want to achieve more no matter how much risk this will cause them . they believe that to success , you have to try , risk and work hard , and they work based on that theory . moreoever , if successful people tried new thing and they failed , they would n't be discouraged and they would try the same thing again and again , until they succeed . it is a matter of challange . successful people always like to take challanges and achieve their goal in any case , and they do not accept failure . they might fail , but they wo n't lose hope . they keep their hope a high a they were and try again on the same thing , until they success and become successful in another thing . all in all , i personally think that since successful people are optimistic , hard working , smart , and like challenging , they will always want to try new thing and take risk rather than just convincing themselves that what they have succeeded in is enough . they would do more thing than what they already know how to do well , and i believe that they will success one time even if they failed several time .