i disagree with this statement . to my consideration , learning fact is of greater importance than simply understanding idea . i 'll illustrate this point in the following three aspect . first , ` understanding ' idea without learning fact doe n't mean people fully understand these idea . only through connection to fact , could the student know where these idea came from , and how they formed . for example , in our childhood , we all learn from teacher that there are 9 planet surrounding the sun . but recently , scientist expelled plato out of the solar system . and now , technically speaking , there are only 8 planet left . plato did n't change . what changed is our criterion of planet . if student do n't understand the criterion , by simply remembering the structure of solar syustem will not help to understand the essence of solar system . second , student may find it hard to implement theory into practice in this way . theory without practical outcome is of little use for people in their daily life . by understanding idea in the textbook , student could score high in the exam . but it could not benefit them when they graduate from school , and when they need to start to implement these idea into their work , because they did n't learn the fact that these idea are based on . this kind of student wo n't be competent in modern society . third , there 's always some fact that could not be explained by simply illustrating idea . if a student is obssessed with understanding idea too much , he might not be curious about numerous fact that could not be explained by these idea . curiosity is what keep innovation happens . fueled with it , a great amount of future innovation will take place . for example , ufo is still inexplainable by current scientific theory . however , a student may get interested in it by learning fact that this phenomenon could not be explained by scientific idea . the next great astronaut after amstrong might probably start here . in conclusion , learning fact is important in truly understanding scientific idea , implementing theory , and keeping curiosity to spark innovation . this is more important to student .