in my opinion , young people nowadays really do not give enough time to helping their community . i can certainly defend this opinion relying on many experience that i have been having since i started to feel myself like an adult . these experience even have led me to the thought that the young people , including the teenager a well a the university post-graduates are becoming more and more selfish in today life . first of all , communication among people living in a same territory or among relative , or even within the small family is weakening due to the new commmunicating way of the modern life . the last improvement in medium , for example ha had a great impact on the way of preference people make in their relationship . i think that people prefer to get amused by watching an act instead of talking to each other . telling story ha alredy been replaced with watching film . so , a result of this change example , people meet each other more rarely that they met in the past when there wa not any tv or any radio . this cause human being to be stranger to each other , to be le emotional , and show le emphaty agains others . according to me , emphaty is the basis of the desire to help any person . emphaty cause people to understand their feeling about a situation or about a specific point of view . in a difficulty an individual may face at any time in his/her life , i.e. in hard time , he/she can get the help he/she need from a person who especially can feel the similar intimately , or , at least , can understands his/her feeling . when this is possible , i think that the possible helper will think of his/her own benefit at the end , not at the beginning . regarding my own experience that i have mentioned i had in the first paragraph of this writing , the school life ha been the first time i faced selfishness . on the other hand , no other experienced could show to me selfishness better than the work life now doe . in my daily work life , i see how people sometimes present my study a