from the topic given , i would like to view it from a different perspective than just agreeing or disagreeing to it . education life start from class 1 till about class 12 ( this is the ideal situation here in india ) . from class 1 to 10 student are given an overview of subject from diverse field such a science , history , geography , literature , language , and offcourse humanity . i believe this is a favourable situation for child who are in their growing phase . this is because , since the child are educated about different field , they have a better understanding of the world they live in . i believe just a knowing newton 's law of motion are essential , in the same way knowing the history of indian freedom struggle is a important . the child broadens his horizon , and becomes a better informed person . knowing diverse field is also beneficial because we live in a society . we arent isolated people and we need to interact with people and system from all walk of life . would it be justifiable to have limited knowledge in this situation ? when child live in a society they should have general knowledge of the various aspect of life and society . however taking this stance , i do not refute the question of specializing in one single field . as a child grows up , becomes an adult , he decides the kind of proffesion he want to take . for example i wanted to become an accountant . so after my junior school , that is after my class 10 , i took up commerce a my speciality subject . this way after my initial year of learning about the world in general , i could concentrate on the subject , i wanted to make a career on . isnt that justified ? let me give a funny example . suppose i just specialized in commerce throughout junior school , extending to senior school and beyond , and finally became a successful accountant . one day when my child grows up and asks me a simple question about the solar system , and the number of planet in it , do you think i would be confident of my answer ? i would be fumbling , and searching the encyclopedia for possible answer . the thought in itself is not very encouraging . so i believe initial knowlegde of diverse field in junior school , there after specialization in college would serve our requirments better . since the topic mentiones `` academic subject '' i presumed the subject taught in an academic environment . so such subject and such a practice of general study or specialization can only happen in a school . therefore in the above stated opinion i concentrated on child to illustrate my argument in a better fashion .