i disagree with the statement that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . cars come along with people . so i think the best way how to approach that topic is to startt with the population in 2026 . we will have to face dramatic population change all over the world . while in europe and the united states the population density will decrease , asia and africa will grow to an , till now , unbelieveable size . talking about africa and asia , we talk about a mainly poor part of the world . growing up in europe and having had the chance to work in asia extensively , i experienced first hand the fascination of car on poor people . having car getting cheaper , and if you consider the latest product from china , it will not take long to have a big part of the chinese changing from bicyle to car . india , that is following right after china will be next , followed by african country etc . to actually reduce the number of car , an environmental awarness ha to take part . this already started to happen in europe and the us and seeing the great increase of zip/cars , car sharing and the effort city undertake to provide a convenient and reliable network for public transportation , we are just entering the right way . a recent survey from bmw make clear that the number of car in the us and europe will pretty much stay the same , only the environmental performance of the car , like alternative fuel vehicle etc. will get better . in asia and africa this point is far down the road . first the desire for wealth , that mostly includes a car , need to be satisfied . after going through the whole process of thinking about the environmental impact of car on the world of our child , this may change to a `` better city , better life '' which is also the theme for the expo 2010 in shanghai . we only can hope that asia surprise with the high speed to get on le car a it doe in the current high speed urbanism . you also need to question yourself where the old and worn out car from europe and the states go to . not all end up at a junkyard . i remember that the old volvo of my father ha been sold by the car dealer to namibia because there are no regulation and technical check required by any authority . so in some way with our behaviour in the western world we contribute to the increase of car in the world . we only can hope that the postfossil time will bring alternate and more social way of travelling and transportation and that one day we have to go to a museum to explain the word `` car '' to our grandchild .