i think that the answer to this important and debated question depends on which level of studing one is pursuing . if a student is at an undergraduated level , he should try to wide , a much a possible , his area of interest and competence , while , if he is already at a graduated level , he should concentrate himself on a more resticted area of study . i think that a broader knowledge of different topic and problem related to different subject should be achieved during the year spent in the high school , so that one ha the possibility to gain more consciousness of what his interest and preference are . at a certain point in life , one must ask himself the tedious question : `` what would i like to do in my life ? '' that is : `` what kind of job do i want to occupy my day up to the end of my life ? '' facing this question , one must necessarely restrict his area of interest and study by focusing on a single area . i say `` area '' and not `` discipline '' because an area of study like , for example , philosophy , can involve much more than one would expect at the begining . it is now a day wide recognized how philosophy can be related to mathematic or to economics or to other very different subject like psycology . anyway , in my opion , someone really know the area of interest when he ha a broader knowledge of the different topic and subject related to it . one should always have a wide open eye on everything that 's happening in the accademic world . specializing is nevertheless an obliged choice today , if one is willing to reach excellence in a specific area . that is true in sport and music at a very early age of life ( about seven year old ) , but it 's a problem also for student at an university level . few are the people who can get excellence in more than one area , and most of them , i think , died many century ago , like leonardo da vinci and michelangelo . i think that in our century sometimes we should be willing to accept to be mere technician and not intellectual in a broad sense , which is something that today only very rich people can afford to be .