evaluating on the topic question i agree with the statement . i belive that the government and the people have started acting on this issue already . combustion is one of the main problem causing global warming the headline which read that london will be under water in 60 year if we do not act soon , are terrifying people . hydrogen bus and car are being built but still people are being convinced to take public transport . as the year progress and global warming get worse people will start to realise what is happening in the past people did not really act upon what wa being said because they knew that it wa not going to affect them , but it ha come to a time were it will affect our generation wether we like it or not and a soon a people start realising that , then they will start doing something about it . big car will be banned from major city and family will be forced to own only one car . the amount and size of car today is ridiculous there is no more parking anywere and soon there will be no more petrol available to u . making it more expenisve to fill up your car so people will take more public transport . our world ha changed enormously and people now have job away from home making the family own two or more car . even though it is our world at stake . london is working on banning land rover 's today a we speak they apparently take up to much space and parking , the process will carry on limiting people to only fundamental transport . people are starting to realise what a mess of the world we have made , and the change occuring around u such a the maldives going under water or natural disaster such a the tsunami are all effect of what we are doing to the planet and people are slowly realising what ha got to be done . fewer car will also hopefully make people use the most of what is around them such a holiday in their own country and therefore will also lower the use of other big mean of transport such a airplane and boat which a well a car are polluting the environment .