i agree with the the statement , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community and are too busy spending time on other thing . the young people of today claim to be very busy and not to have time for idle pastime . how much of this is really true ? cant a youngster fit in about two hour a week into his busy schedule dedicated to community service ? too many question with not enough answer . young people of today do lead more compititive life . compitition today is much more than what it wa 10 year back . with increased compititition , the student ha to put in greater amount of work just to get noticed . however , what youngster fail to realise is that more leverage is been given nowadays to people who serve the community . as an example , a company that had come to recruit student from my college had given preferance to those that had done some amount of commuinty work a compared to those that havent . moreover , i feel that , the main time spent by a youngster today is in watching movie , spending time with his or her friend or surfing the internet . the advent of the internet ha caused people to become more insulated from one another . people claim that they are very active on the net . some go to the extent that they use the net for `` social '' cause such a creating a blog after a disaster , such a a flood , war or earthquake . the same youngster go on to feel very proud of himself . at some point of time , the young person need to understand that a blog only help in voicing opinion but dosent help solving problem . thirdly , i feel the one major thing absent in all youngster today is a concience that tell them to do good for others . youngsters seem to have become a selfish lot by caring only about themselves and their comfort . they seem to lack the enthusiasm to go the extra mile to help other people . i feel , this is due to a lack of awareness . hence , at some time in the school level , all student must be made to do something good for their class or for their friend so that they realise how good it feel to help others . in conclusion , a young person must give more time to helping the community since , if every young person could do just that , the world would become a better place to live in .