i disagree with that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . theere are three reason i disagree with this statement . it is important for student to learn fact before they learn idea and concept because learning without fact must be hard to understand what they are learning about . after they know the fact , it would lead student to understand what they are learning easier . as my experience , when i wa learning about the world war two , i could not get what the teacher wanted to tell u . and my teacher brought a video of people after the atomic bomb . it wa showing the smoke of the bomb and how the bomb affected people 's body . then i could start focusing on the history of war . the fact can get attention from people to learn . for example , the discrimination of african american in 1970 wa not big deal for japanese teenager for now , but it is absolutely big deal for the african americans still . to know the fact such a what happened to african american in 1970 make people to understand the discrimination and how bad it is . this mean people get concept of studying something important , and it is very significant to be educated or having knowledge what is going on this world because to see the fact make world peace . the world peace are not able to made by only one person . all of the people in this world need to have same level of information and truth . if people try to hide the truth , fact , others get a fear and anger . it is going to make misunderstanding among people in the world . the fact in the past can not be changed , so people need to admit what they did or what they have been by others . it is important and easy for student to know fact first when student try to understand concept of the studying . the concept need to be though the fact because the fact make people to know and understand even thought it is not about their problem . then people might be started what they need to for the fact .