from columbia roaming around the world in his ship in search for undiscovered exoctic land , to a family paying a weekend trip to a nearby state , we could see that people have long been enjoying the pleasure of travelling and being a tourist in foreign land . when you start planning for a trip in the summer vacation , for instance , what is the first thing that you would do ? go to the book store and pick a travel book so you can plan your own ideal trip ? or go to a travel agency with your family and book an attractive travelling package ? for me , i would go for the latter . booking a trip at an agency mean that you are travelling in a group provided with a tour guide all along the way . when traveling in a foreign place , a tour guide is unquestionably more experienced that you about every aspect of the place - it history , culture , tourist attraction , and anything other thing that a tourist would like to explore . imagine that you are going to france all by yourself , without a tour guide , what would you do if you would like to find a place to dine ? you would surely ask a passer-by for direction . but the problem is , you do not speak any french ! even if you are lucky enough to bump into a resturant , you do not understand a word in the menu . these problem would be all gone if you have a tour guide along with you . a tour guide therefore , also help u to break the language barrier by being the ` tranlsator ' because he is very often a local people from the country . the second thing why travelling in a group led a tour guide is the possibility of cultural exchange between the member the group . you may discus about thing you find interesting along your way or even question a simple a ` where to go shopping tonight ' . this way of travel also offer a saver environment because a group is le prone to local crime such a stealth . even if you unfortunately fell ill during the trip , there are people around who will be able to take care of you . traveling in a group led by a tour guide is no doubt the best way to travel . you are lead by someone familiar to the place who will explain everything which come up to your mind , you are with your friend or family which help you out when you need . in this way , you are comfortable and fully relaxed , and can enjoy the real pleasure of travelling .