i agree that time for the community and help towards the community is not observed much these day by the younger generation . attaining independence at an early age is one of the reason . personal ambition also play a great role in the suffering of the community on the whole . migration is a reason that many people belive that a community get diversified and thereby destroyed . young people also relate to a community in a way they remember being treated by the same community . young people nowadays do not give enough time towards helping their community because they tend to gain independence at a much earlier age which translates into the fact that they gain many more responsibility early on in life . infact in this day and age the trend is looked upto . with the popularity of many young singer and actor succeeding at an early age , early independence is looked upto with respect . along with gaining personal and financial independence at an early age , personal ambition come into the picture . as compared to a couple of generation ago , when life wa a lot simpler , the consumer choice have magnified . young people focus their life and work around many materialisitic goal that consume their time and focus , leaving them little for anything else . setting deadline for being able to acquire an expensive car or a swiss watch is what the youth of today typically revolve their resolution around . having preplanned the finance , charity which is an integral part of community support take a back seat . with the advent of fast and affordable communication and transport system across the globe , migration is inevitable . as member of a community migrate the wholeness of the community disappers , leaving a handful in the original settlement . these few remaining member rarely get support from those who have moved out . young people also do not give enough time to help out their community simply because sometimes they do n't feel like the community wa very nice or generous towards them when they were growing up . for example a teen ager who may get criticised for sporting body tatoos by the community , is not very likely to feel nicely towards the very same community if he or she becomes rich and successful a decade later . in conclusion i would like to state that the reason for the youth of today not supporting their community in term of time and help are quite a few . some of them are reasonable while the others may not be , but the fact of the matter still remains that community do not get the time or help or both from the young people of today like they used to a few generation ago .