i do agree that young people can enjoy their life more than the older people . one can do thing while he is young but can not do the same thing when he 's getting older . not only that , but a young person doe have much time to live and enjoy his life more than the older person . many book can be written when talking about thing that are only can be made when a person is young . that 's because when a person is young , he is usually more powerful . for example , if there is a trip , the younger person can go and enjoy every minute in it , while the older man can still go but he wo n't get to enjoy the trip a the young man had . many thing can be done when a person is younger such a , travelling , having adventure , attending many event in many countiers away from his . however , the older people can do the same thing but they will not experience the same feeling a the young people did . the reason for that is that they can not do many activity a the young people can do , since these activity require a certain skill or power that the older people lack . from the other hand , age is a very important issue when talking about enjoying a thing . young people do have much time to enjoy a thing such a , visiting new place and staying there for a while . also , they do have enjoying the job experience by working in different job and gaining skill from such oppurtunities . those thing can not be done by older people since they do not have time for trying new thing or living a new experience . in addition , young people can have kid and play with them by all mean like , going to the garden , having a picnic , or even driving them to their school . all that can be done with a clear mind . while older people is getting affraid from the death in any moment , young people do n't have the same threat upon their sholders . in the last but not the least , young people do have the advantage of having so much joy in theor life more than the older people because two criterias , the ability for doing many hard and tough action , and the age restriction .