we should first agree on the definition of `` young people '' . young people are those people who aged more than 15 year and below adult hood . in fact this represive a good percentage of our sociaties . that 's why it is important to analyze such phenomenon . let u start with the first step , what are the problem they faced and may hinder their participation in community development ? i think they have some major problem . first , their feeling of irresponsibliites and accountabliity . second , the cost of living these day . third , the initiativity level they have . four , governmental suport if available . five , thier self esteem and self identity . however , i think developing a questionnaire will be more helpful . do not foreget tp take into consideration the differances between various culture . i mean , the differance between east and west and susequent religion . why this ? becasue both , clutrue and reliogn , ha an important impact on the indiviual personality and initiativity . here is an example . when i wa in jordan university , and in the tree day , the student council asked each faculty student ' to clean the area beneath tree . all student responseded . the area wa cleaned , the university director ha a round to have alook . he wa impressed a bout our work . this is done because the sudent council connect this matter to islamic religion , which encourage every one to clean his working area , his house and his community . take into consideration the support that we have from the university director . finally , how we can imporve young ' particpation in these matter ? 1 - create the initiativity . we should encourage them to participate . 2 - ask other leader to be part of such activity . 3 - connect such participation with various incintives . 4 - learn and teach our son and daugthers the importance of helping community , and asked them , a a parent , to do that . we also should follow up them . our particpation will be very helpful . 5 - this should be part of our education .