in today world becoming an expert in a one topic is very important . acoording to my point of view , becoming expert in a specific field is always more advantegous than having broad knowledge about many academic subject . specializing in one specific subject make people more productive and to be able to solve any problem about that subject , allow people to struggle with the subject that they love most and while specializing people also gain broad knowledge about many academic . if a people specializes in a specific area , he can focus on a simple job and can be more prodcutive on this area . he can solve any problem about that specific job . for example think about a person who is only working on the safety of human in the car . he can easily see the simple safety problem of a car and make suggestion about revising them which mean he become an expert of car safety . by working on car safety only , he will definetly find some new technique for increasing the safety of a car . so he became more productive . on the other specialization allows people to do the job that they love . if we continue with the same example , car safety expert may not like struggling with the desing of the car . because the point hat he like is safety of the car and the rest is not important . also this arguement coincides with the first arguement : the people who love their job become more productive . specialization doe not mean that person can not know anything about different subject that he did not specialize . while specializing in a subject , a person also learns needed background about the subject . for instance any engineer must know calculus . if we apply thi theis to car safety expert example , to become a car safety expert he must also know the stucture of the car . if he doe not know , his working about car safety may conlict with the main structure of the car . in conclusion , specialization is the main solution is all the problem . an expert can easily solve a problem about his or her area . specializing make people more productive , to be able to solve the problem about his area , allow people to struggle with the subject that they love and give people broad knowledge about some other subject .