knowledge is not measured based on the amount of general thing you know , but on the quality of the information you count on . many people consider that wise being are those who know a small amount of information about everything . however , true knowledge is measured by the deepness of thought and idea . by having a broad knowledge of many different area , we wo n't be able to go deep into a specific topic , and therefore , we wont be able to create a valuable conclusion . nature is developed in such a way in which each trait is specialized in one single action . just a nature , we must use our knowledge to specialize in certain thing , rather than to have a general idea about a wide variety of thing . the human body , for instance , is divided into different organ that are specialized into specific fuctions . as a result , all organ work together to be able to form the body and to work properly . the purpose of nature is efficiency , and the purpose of knowledge is to be able to apply it to draw a conclusion . the world in which we live in is divided into different area of work that performs certain task . just a well , this is carried out in such a way to be able to perform certains action and conclude idea . if we limit ourselves just to know about general thing , we wont be able to strengthen on specific thing . in order to emphasize in one specific subject , a general knowledge of others thing is needed . this is why for example , in real world , we first go to school and then we specialize into a specific area by going to college . we all make part of a big idea , but we must all carry out specific action to be able to make a global change in the general ensemble . in conclusion , the statement `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject '' is not appropiate , since it is better to have the ability to dominate a specific subject than to know general aspect about it that wo n't permit u to go beyond what 's obvious .