the belief that a life without risk is better is common among many people . but is it true ? i would like to start with an example , for it is always better to `` get the picture '' before hearing argument on a topic . cristobal colon discovered america . everybody know that . but would that have been possible without him taking the risk of navigating into unknown water accompained with nothing but criminal ? i do not think so . so , everybody who belief that colon wa succesful should also think that to be succesful you have to try new thing , to risk something . if it is not so , that is why i have further argument . as a business administration student i have learnt that the essential aspect of having a productive and growing business is to make decision knowing that the chance of losing is always present , but that the wish of improving should be stronger than this fear . `` use fear a a motor not a a break '' some say , correctly . life can be seen a a business , you always have to do something in order to achieve what you want , it is an exchange of service for utlities . for this reason i believe the same rule , which have been precisely studied during these last year , could and should be applied to our everyday routine . lets examine the situation from another point of view . someone ha achieved a state in his life , where he belief no more is to be improved . this person ha a plan for the rest of his life . at the begining it will surely feel nice to have this kind of security and peace , and that is not negative . but after a while , he will get bored , for the human is the kind of specie that must always do something different in order not to get frustrated . if not , the work policy of the industrial revolution would still persist . the thing is , that by the time this individual of the example realizes he is bored , he will have lost the confidence to try new thing , to risk some of that security and will enter a great frustration , not likely to maintain him in a successful state . furthermore , society and it element are not at all stable , it change constantly , a do the necessity of the people . in order to be succesful one ha to be able to adapt fastly to these new demand , and in order to achieve that sacrifice must be done . i conclusion , i believe that the statement that risk and new creation are basic element of success are nothing but correct . remember the automobile or a more recent example , the internet ? those are all invention of peple who tried to do what noone else before them had , and insisted even though many thought of them a crazy .