i agree that the mean and way of helping in a community ha changed , but i totally disagree that young people do not give enough time in helping the community and society in general . a group of people coming together on a shared idea or opinion is called a community . before the advent of the internet person had to be physically present to be in the community , now is not so . i think that with the expoentational increase by which young user are releasing the benefit of the internet , there is a lot of time to create , expand and cherish the community . information age ha given u more community then there were any previously . if you just browse yahoo . com and orkut . com , you will find a community already present in which you are intersted . be it on music , software , movie , entertainment , fund rasing and so on . young people not only create these community but also make sure that they take activate part in it by updating the latest and removing the rest . with the increasing number of user help is assured to be given to the needed . also , in today world where people are living in high-rise building , i am sure every member from each of the house in the apartment wil come together to form a commitee , to atleast make sure that they know each other . when they come together they also find way in which to solve each others problem . youngsters who care for the society will make sure that community festival are held with their utmost diginity . for example the ganesh chaturiti festival in india , there are more young people than old one and the festival is celebrated with full vigor and enthusiasm . in a typical college environment , there are many community formed by young people who make sure that many weaker student get the necessary additional help that is needed . communities can only exists if there is a shared interst , but now a day there are so many choice and a young mind change every now and then we think that they are not helping the community in which they had taken part .