glance through a piece of newspaper and you will in all likelikhood see news concerned with the future trend of such career a accountant , lawyer , doctor , and so on . there ha long been a controversy about whether a person coped with broad knowledge will be superior to the one with only specialized knowledge in one academic aspect . actually , this is an issue regarding to the `` width '' and `` depth '' of knowledge acquired . to me , however , i contend that it is the depth of the knowledge that prevail . this argument can be ascribed to the following rationale . to commence with , acquiring specialized knowledge can have a person comprehensively and deeply understand the academic subject specialized . true , someone may claim that a person should receive general education to be comprehensive for knowledge . however , imagine if a person acquire all breed of knowledge in different aspect but without further deep understanding of them . do you think if he really understands the core knowledge of every aspect ? in contrast , a person acquiring a specialized knowledge in his education can let him stand out among others . and a specialized person can receive general knowledge through reading book and newspaper . second , from a career perspective , possessing specialized knowledge can serve a an entry barrier for the industry that requires the specific knowledge . a vivid example of this is the accounting industry . to successfully become an accountant or auditor , one must have possessed much expertise pertaining to accouting standard and rule . how can a person who ha much knowledge in the sense of width but without the depth compete for the job ? so it is undeniably true that having specialized knowledge can render a person competent enough for his career . last but by no mean least , viewed from a macroeconomic sense , having people specializing knowledge in various academic subject can serve a a divison of labor of an economy . when people in an economy posseess different kind of expertise , comparative advantage are thus created and the economy can have a pool of talent on different aspect . to further support this point , think of an extreme situation when an unprecedentedly new leathal disease is spread out in a country . if everyone doe have a knowledge broadly but witout depth , who can help tackling the problem which require strong knowledge in , for example , bio-chemistry ? in recapitulation , a person possessing specialized knowledge can be benefical for both individual and the society . i , therefore , stand against the statement in the question .