we share seven million car among six million hong kong people , meaning that in average one person owns 1.1 car . people become so accustomed to having car that they will not believe it if you tell them in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . however surprising it may sound to you , many expert are in fact expecting a decrease in the number of car in use in the future . we wo n't really need car anymore , twenty year from now . imagine you do n't have to go to work ; you can gain access to your company via the internet and work at home . you do n't have to go to school ; you have all the material and tutorial needed in your computer . you do n't need to shop at all , you can order everything by going online and clicking the mouse . why would you need to go out ? why would you need a car ? simple supply and demand knowledge will reveal that if there is no longer a need for car to substitute our leg to travel from place to place , there will be fewer car manufactured . things have become so convenient that car are no longer `` convenient '' . we will use up our energy resource within a century . in twenty year ' time , petroleum will become so expensive that perhaps the cost of the fuel will be higher than the car itself . by then , car will become a most luxurious item that people can no longer afford . less well-off family would most probably use the mass transit railway or public transport instead . this can be foreseen in today 's hong kong ; one litre of fuel cost a fortune . one litre of fuel cost more than your monthly salary ? ridiculous ? sad ? but unfortunately true . more and more people are giving up car and using the public transport . it may seem , at the present stage , incredulous that one day we no longer need or are able to afford car . however , the trend right now is that people are using car le frequently and use public transport more often . it is most likely that twenty year from now there will be fewer car in use than there are today .