there are three aspect of traveling involved in the statement . first , the best way to travel ; second , traveling in group and third , having a tour guide . i do not agree with the statement a a whole and i will explain with respect to each aspect of the statement that i pointed out above . the following are my reason for my disagreement : i believe there is no one best way to travel . it is a very personal preference and differs from person to person . the best way to travel really depends on what kind of place are you going to tour , what is your objective of touring and what are your preference . some people may enjoy company of a large number of people while traveling and some people may love to travel all alone and experiment during their travel . i do believe traveling in group leb by a tour guide can be very enjoyable but sometime traveling in group without a travel guide or traveling individually can also be enjoyable . traveling in group ha it 's own problem . there might be disagreement among group member and it may delay thing . if my objective of touring is to learn and at the same time enjoy the company of my friend and family member than i would prefer to go in a group led by a tourist guide . tourist guide are familiar with the place and they can provide u the history of the place in a very short time and you may not have to put lot of effort to know about the place . if my objective of touring is to explore new place , learn more about the place than having a tour guide may not serve the purpose . tour guide provides a snapshot of the history of the place . in this situation i would like to travel on my own and explore the place in my own style . to sum up , i would choose my traveling method depending on the situation and my personal objective . if i want to spend time with family member i would like to travel with my family member in a group and would like a tour guide to help u but if i want to explore and experiment with a new place i would prefer to travel alone so that i have independence and liberty to take my decision and experiment .