i do agree with the statement that `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . firstly , the cause of global warming is the important point which i would like to support my view . elucidating about that . we can observe the temperature around u during the summer season . the season are modifying gradually . we ca n't expect the rain in the rainy season . it is due to the alteration in the atmosphere cycle . it 's happening all around india . the main reason are the atmosphere is getting warmed due to the green house gas that are emanating from various source like the motor vehicle , car , factory etc. , concentrating mainly on the car . they are releasing the harmful gas like carbon monoxide , carbondioxide etc. , which are detrimental to the human being . may be the government introduces a law that usage of car may be prohibited and the usage of public transportation may be considered . secondly , the earth is running out of the renewable resource . even though that is not predicted , i hope that is so imminent due to the usage of the natural resource like petroleum , diesel . today the price of the petrol and the diesel got hiked and they will definitely go more higher in the coming year . from economic point of view the people may prefer other mean like public transportation for reaching their destination . let the petrol and the diesel supply be ceased for a month everywhere in the world for car . then see how much the number of people using the car would defintely decline . they will definitely opt for the public transportation . later see the pollution of the environment . i bet that u can definely notice a steep decline in the pollution level . even if any other source for driving the car other than petrol or diesel is invented . that too doe n't last long . lastly , the science and the technology is developing at a rocket pace . nowadays you can buy everthing from your house by a single click of your computer mouse . i hope that the entire world will be digitalized by the next twenty year . if that happens , then definitely people dont need any car for transportation . so it is also a possible way that the number of the car get reduced .