the modern medium and entertainment business ha reached a level of which you can very easily reach a majority of the population , not only in your home country , but throughout the world . today not only newspaper , radio and television are the option to choose from , but for almost a decade now the internet ha evolved to a new mass medium platform , where anyone can communicate anything he like around the world . thesedays a commercial doe it best in trying to sell you a product in thirty second or le . in these few second , the creator of such commercial are not just a few people , but huge multibillion dollar company , with an entire market analysis section , concentrated on selling just one product and finding out the best way to convince you of buying something you do n't really need . in order to achieve this goal , you need to push the boundary of your product to a maximum . if , for example you have a simple , small device , which can play music , you will not sell it a a device with which you can hear music , but you will try to create a personality for this item . current technique are iconizing a product . the best example at the moment is the ipod from apple . it is not anylonger just a product , but an absolute `` must have accessory '' like a cellphone . in order to make this accessory attractive , you have celebrity carry it with them and music video in which it appears and to put it simple , create a nice packaging around it . the same count for the fashion industry . even if you have the new , landmark setting , groundbreaking couture collection , it still is just clothes . with the medium , press and the right influential people , you can boost this collection to something more than just clothes . an older porsche commercial stated : `` a porsche is a car that nobody need , but everybody want '' . in conclusion ; yes , most advertisement make product seem better than they really are . since people are becoming evermore used to the trick commercial use , advertising company look everywhere to find way of selling a product a effectively a possible . in conclusion advertisement often can achieve the opposite and get very annoying . these can still not be critized , since we live in a consume based society and there is no indication that this will change in the future .