in the modren wold , it is a fashion to enjoy life . all of people have right to enjoy life . the yong have lot method to have a pleasant day . as well a the older people , they also have the method . but the older peoole , have some limit . among countless factor which influece my decision , theere are three conspicuous aspect a follows . certianliy no reason in my decision is more significant than the culture impact . the older people absorbs the thought long time agoe , are olde and formal . they will have a futrher influence , due to their experice . the young , appealing to the newest idea in the world , they have no so much expericence to guide them . as an example , the chinese people , the modern young people like to enjoy some leisure . to travell , with a appearace to the nature . no matter some thing happended , no money , the fund and so on . most of these are folloed the principler . as opposite , the older may be have a lot of money , and the rest have enough . under the solution , they will have enoutgh save to futher developm for their familiy or child . the another reason every one can be seen is that the technological . young people take the technology quickly to help to enjoy life . but for the older , the technology , for him , is harder to manage . like the newest mobile phone , the young advance with the rage . their phone have too funcitons , with the advanced phoed , you can photo . in another use , yon should listen music no matter what time a you ever . for the older , the phone , the only funciton , in some mean , is a job , a project , a imper wich master call on him with the related to the job . it is essential to the job not a suppjlemtn to the enjoyable tool . the next point is for my penchant is that the education . all of student have a appealing with the internet . it help student to learn futher knowledge , a the same time , the student gain the idea all over the world . they are modren , in some extend , is self-centrated . they will not concrened the rest and the hurry . like the credit card , a b anks allow to additonal some money ,, you may give them at a special time . the older may think , this is a troubel . they will worry about it . however , the yong wil not get trouble with it . , directedl propefrly , the young people enjoy their life much more than the older people . fore the older people , they have theri own method to enjoy theri life , like with the childeren , wihtout borrowed fund . howener , in my opinion , the young peopole enjoy life more atha older people do .