i diagree with this statement : in my opinion you should concentrate on one - or at most two - academic subject . the first reason you should do so is that academic subject and modern science have developed to a pretty high level . furthermore , a lot of way to specialize - meaning minor topic - are available in each distinct subject . thus , you may not gain the ability and experience which is necessary to work a a profession in a certain subject , if you do not concentrate on this single one eagerly . second , if you keep on wandering among too many subject during your time at college or university you may easily loose track of what you are heading for with your education . on the contrary , if you stick to one paticular subject there will not be too much difficulty in earning a master 's degree in this one within a usual period of time . i have made the experience of studying mathematics and physic both a major at the same time myself . although these subject are definetely related to each other and one might guess that there are a lot of connection which make it easier to advance in these one than it would be with any different combination , it still is very demanding : working on both subject ha taken almost all of my time and thereby did not leave much room for leisure activity not related to university . furthermore , i sometimes felt like being lost in a sea of too many choice : as a result of my intense study i got to know really a lot of minor subject which i could specialize on in my diploma thesis and most of which seemed to be interesting . thus , i felt like sticking at a point where it wa hard to make a decision ; had i not started off with both subject , the decision which topic to work on would be easier , a i would not have come in touch with so many promising topic . in addition , it would definitely not be possiple for me to work on one more subject no matter how few the additional workload might be . finally , instead of working on too many subject , i would recommend everyone to train his so called `` soft skill '' . this mean that people should try to engage in community activity and social programms rather than working on another academic subject . this will give them a sense of how to work with different people , which is really important for their future carrer : for business a well a for university research it is important to effectively work , discus and find proper solution together with other person . resulting from these reason my conclusion is that you should not try to master a many academic subject a possible , but rather try to concentrate on one academic subject and different social activity .