knowledge is like an ocean the more deeper u go the more jewel you find . we can not say that at this particular point we know everything about a particular subject . learning is a continuous process . the more we learn about one subject the more we discover about it . i think it better to specialize in one specific subject . in this rapid globalisation period everyone is required to be up to date . the people who have surface knowledge about all the subject find it difficult to survive in this competitive world . now a day every company require their employess to be specialized . they need efficient work force which can solve specific problem and should also be flexible . they should be able to deal with variety of situation but intially they are expected to deal with particular problem . if we have broad knowledge about many acedemic subject but if we do not know the subject which best suit our academic and job life then it will become quite difficult for u to have a bright career . for example , let u suppose a case in which student doe not know which subject he want to select for his major then he might keep on switching over the subject . he will not be able to concerntrate over any of the subject which will only waste his time . lastly when he will be called for interview , company will not find him suitable for any specific postion . after all a student who have studied computer science continously for two year will become a better programmer than a student who have studied many subject like history , biology etc along with computer science . its not like that a student who ha specialisation in any field will not be able to switch over other subject because a specialized person will be more effecient in learning thing . its true that the person who have knowledge of every subject will be more flexible but that doe not mean underestimating the talent of specialized people . specialized people learn the thing more accurately and fastly . if in case they want to switch over other career they can . may be not easily a a person who already have knowledge about that field but will certainly learn it . so , people should have broad knowledge of every subject but they should also get specialization in one specific subject . it will increase their caliber to work in crucial work situation and enhance their intellectual level . after all the world is shrinking in a small room and is available on the single click of mouse then it requires both general a well a specialised people for it development