fewer car in the future as the car running in the street currently seem to grow to a larger population steadily , do you believe there will be any declination of them in the future ? but let me ask you some other question . do you feel the world is getting more and more poluted nowadays ? do you find yourself long to see the bright blue sky and beautiful nature scene which were hidden for quite a period of time and wish give a little contribution in the project of rescue our planet ? and do you believie that there will be a transportation developed to change the 21 century ? yes ! so , why believe in your smoking car will still posse the street in 20 year ? ever since the great invention of mashines in the 19 and 20 century , our beautiful planet ha been poluted out of her beautiful blue sky , the amazing great clean ocean , the pleasent green space and the happiness connection between human being and nature . the car , which have developed into comunity posse a really great number in their kind , are puting waste gas into the air without stopping . a lot of people who have realised this situtation have already abandoned their private car and joined into the bank of people who take bus and subway and other form of public transportation . walking and cycling are also a recommand way . it is believed that in 20 year the environmental awareness will be universally improved and more and more people will quit the idea of always relying on their car which will result in the le number of car in the future . besides , i believe formly that a brand new transportation that will lead to le or no polution will be invented in the future not far away . the developing of science ha been so amazing in the past a hundred year so it is very likely that science will bring u another surprise in the 21 century . upon these idea , i believe there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than nowadays . with the combination of the strong will to make a better place of our planet of human being , and the fast developing of science , my belief will ultimately come true .