i have had always a lot of discussion with my teacher about the statement whether it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . i found it always not neccessary to learn so much detail about a certain idea or concept while my teacher on the other side often thought it is very important . here are some reason why i think it is more important to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . the first point is that in my opinion it doe n't prove that you have understood the whole system when you just have to write down some key word in an exam a you have to do it when you just have to learn fact . when you have to write down in an essay how a concept or idea work it is a real prove for the student and for the teacher that the student is able to connect thing properly . therefore learning whole idea or concept is more effective for both side , the teacher and the student . in addition i think it is more interesting to learn a whole idea and not only fact and statement on this idea because during learning this idea you will a well try to understand how this idea wa build up . by trying to understand this your head is able to learn this more easy because there is a connection from this point on . to summarize , since it is not this boring to learn an idea than it is to learn fact without any connection , the student will be able to learn faster . an other reason why i prefer learning idea is that i can use them in the daily life . with this knowledge for example i can understand thing better . for instance the earth quake which occur in california because of the san andreas fault from time to time . if i would have just learned that there are earthquake and not the reason and the concept why , i would n't have been able to understand the thing they explained in the news last week about a little earthqhuake there . so i think that learning concept or idea improves my general knowledge . all in all i came to the conclusion when discussing this topic with my teacher that the solution lay somewhere in between . since there are sometimes student who have understood the concept but ca n't give an example how they can use this concept in life . this is an experience a teacher a teacher have had . that 's why you should have to understand the concept and fill this concept in a second step with fact .