personally , i strongly believe that an academic education which span over a number of subject is to be preferred to highly specialised knowledge of one single topic . the first reason for this is that , according to my experience , extremely specialised academic profile can bear to selfish and barely interactive personality . this is the case , for instance , of highly technical degree such a engineering or physic , which in a number of case bring , along with a remarkable level of technical preparation in their respective field of interest , the development of a very specialised and unflexible mindset which is ideal for solving problem in that particular area of activity , but can prove to be rather inefficient when issue outside that particular field of specialization arise . however - this being the second point in support of my opinion - situation in life are more often multi-faceted than single-faceted , and this is even more true a long a one 's activity and responsibility grow in importance - which is exactly the case where academic education should play a key role . just think about the issue which manager of corporation and institution are called to face every day : most of them do not refer back to one single topic or field of knowledge , but require a mixture of skill and qualification spanning across a wide spectrum of subject . the more one 's education ha been varied , the more he will feel confident in such a situation . last - but not least - i see a point of personal opportunity in supporting my opinion stated above . life is so interesting , and the field of knowledge are so varied to be virtually unlimited : therefore , why should one restrict himself to a very small portion of such a treasure ? i would therefore conclude with a statement which i recurrently hear from the general manager of my company when he is discussing about the ideal profile for an executive , and which sound like `` specialization belongs to insect : why should we stick to it ? '' the field of human knowledge is fortunately so large , and it boundary are so rapidly broadening , that it would be a real pity to voluntariliy limit ourselves to know and appreciate only a small part of it .