i absolutely agree with that statement . and i do agree because i think that only by taking some risk in life you can make yourself different from other people . i think this for several reason . fist of all , everyone can do the same thing well all life long . but just a few can distinguish themselves . for example , many people in life are happy by doing the same thing , all day , all year , all life . but for other people this is a limit . some people in fact ca n't do the same thing all life long just because that ' s not in their nature . they feel not satisfied by doing a repetitive life . they must change their position . i believe that succesful people are successful because they ca n't do same thing all life long . but not only . i believe that successful people love the challenge . challenge is in their nature , and they just can not ignore it . they do n't like to feel like other people so they take risk and try new thing . they do these thing to prove the world that they are better than other people , that they are special person . challenge is their life and without challenge theiy are not stimulated and so they feel depressed . so another reason why i believe that successful people take risk is that because they are ambitious . that 's not all . there is something more , i belive . and this is the feelig that a person feel when he reach an high level , for example in work , or anywhere . for example : a man with a normal job in normal city , in a normal and boring coutry , decides to invest his money in a new activity . the activity work good , and the man feel like he is god in person . he changed his life ! the feeling is the one that say to them : i made it ! . the adrenaline that you feel is such a good feeling . you feel like you could do everything , if you just wanted . so ambitious people also love that adrenaline shock and the feeling that they prove when they made something important . but taking risk is not always an open highway . tat-s a difficult path to walk on , but if you have got the ability , the intelligence and a little luck it will problably wok . to sum up i think that succesful people love the challenge , love to feel good with themselves and love to say : i made it !