in this essay , i will alternatively consider the pro and con of travelling in a group lead by a tour guide , and of travelling alone , independently . i will come to the conclusion that it is both more gratifying and more profitable to travel by your own . i will illustrate my point of view with the experience i have of travelling alone in brazil . one can think that having one 's trip organized by a tour guide offer many advantage . when one visit a foreign country whose language and culture one completely ignores , being led by a professional , and being part of a group of tourist , can make one feel more secure . for instance , the guide will help the tourist interact with the local population , playing the role of an interpret . he will also lead the tourist in place he will have chosen for their cultural value and their safety . unfortunately , these very advantage are likely to impoverish one 's trip . firstly , the journey being both controled by the guide , and dependent on the dynamic of the group , one will not have an occasion to adapt the trip to his own interest . and a one will rely on the service of the guide , one will mostly remain passive . on the other hand , travelling alone might seem to be more dangerous , or at least more uncertain . no one will take care of you , no one ( except maybe guide book ) will tell you where to go and who to talk to during you travel . but the freedom you will gain will allow you to make your trip exactly what you want it to be . and since you will have to organize yourself , since will have to face and solve unexpected problem , you will gain a lot of experience . my trip to brazil taught me that . last year i left france , all by myself , to spend several month in brazil . there , i had to do everything by myself . i had to find a job to earn money , i had to look for accomodation , i had to meet people with whom i had no previous contact , and make new friend . and i had to decide what it wa that i wanted to do there , where to go , what kind of life to live . all of this wa a real challenge , but i learned a lot from it . really , i think that travelling alone is more positive