when it come to the topic of tour , there are many perspective about the best way to have a enjoyable travel . some people may hold the view that it is travel in a group led by a tour guide that provides the best method . however , a far a i am concerned , travel with friend or other acqaintences without a tour guied is a more rational chioce . obviously the fundamental element to decide which way to take a travel is what you want to acquire from the travel . do you choose to travel for the scenery , relax or business ? the reponse is different from person to person . however , the most possible case if for both scenery and relax . so the tour guide accompanying the travel group might give rise to some negative effect from that degree . why ? considering you are traveling with your best friend to paris , one of the most romantic city in the world , it 's normal even irresitible to feel uncomfortable because there is a strange man of woman who is keep saying besides you for the salary he or she would get from that trip . taking this point into consideration , i often choose to travel with my intimate friend or relative without a tour guide for more natural and comfortable atmosphere which contributes to the enjoyment of my travel indeed . furthermore , it is so commen that many people who had chosen to let a tour guide arrange the travel felt very regretful for that decision . there are many case which are given by my friend who felt angry about the tour guide . some of them complained that the tour guide were ethusiastic about leading them to expensive and extravagent store rather than illustrating the history and scene of the scenic place . others felt disappointed because the tour guide arranged the travel in a tight schedul which made them feel so exhausted after the trip . such type of complains are numerous which demonstrate the flaw and drawback of travel led by a tour guide . so if we take a careful consideration of that issue , it 's not difficult to make the conclusion that the best way to travel is without a tour guide rather than with a tour guide .