man have travelled for a long a he ha lived in society . the characteristic of most of today 's travelling is that it is motivated not by economic or political necessity , but by pleasure . leisure and this search for pleasure is at the root of the tourism industry . understanding the source of this pleasure provides a solid base to comprehend the best way to travel . where is a person 's pleasure in travelling rooted ? i believe in curiosity : in being exposed to new situation , enjoying beautiful scenery , getting to know different way of living , and being a part of other custom and culture . it is important to note that the satisfaction of this curiosity is greater when it emerges from personal discovery . the best way to travel is , hence , the one which favor and maximizes the satisfaction of curiosity in these two dimension . travelling can be led by a tour guide , or simply alone - in group or individually . in order to decide which is best , one must ponder the new thing one would like to see and learn , on one part , and the possibility of discovering these individually , on the other . unfortunately , frequently these do not imply each other , meaning that waiting to discover the marvel of the place a person travel to generally take time and energy , limiting the place and important thing one visit and see . the choice of travelling with a guide permit maximizing the experience , knowledge and sightseeing , but generally minimizes the possibility of discovering these individually . considering these , i prefer travelling with a tour book that introduces me on the most important sightseeing and culture enrichening experience , but doe not hinder the possibility of running off track for some time and discover new thing personally . this is the way i travelled central america last summer , and it wa certainly a gratifying experience . i have also travelled led by a tour guide - to cuzco and macchu picchu , peru - and although it wa a great experience , being able to discover thing by yourself a you travel is truly rewarding . i have also travelled alone , to bolivia , but at many time i felt i did not know where to go . travelling with a book , instead of a tour guide - in group or individually - seems to maximize the often antithetic source of pleasure in travel : exposure to new surprising experience and scenery and the satisfaction of personal discovery .