life is a jorney ! to measure enjoyment , one really must look deeper into the life of people and determine what actually enjoyment to people . i do not believe in the statement , ` young people enjoy life more than older people ' , a different people have different way of enjoying life . just because one is old and doe not have the strength and energy level a those of young people doe not mean that enjoyment in their life is over . my grandfather wa a very happy man untill i knew him . he had lived life to it fullest and always wore a smile . he always enjoyed sitting reading a book on that old antique arm chair of his . i do not believe that is much of a way to enjoy oneself but it wa for him . he may be deprived of hearing but that did not stop him from watching the television . he simply looked at the moving picture , drew his own conclusion and had a good time . he took enormous pride in smoking the best cigar and tobacco pipe available in his era and enjoyed the fact that he could afford to do so . what is there in it to be so happy about ? but that made him happy and he appreciated it . young people may well be able to do a lot of sporting activity such a rafting , trecking among other thrilling task . they may be able to attend disco-techs all night and play sport they enjoy at higher level but that doe not mean all the happiness and enjoyment in the world . old folk may listen to old classic and enjoy themselves more than being at a disco even in their prime age . they may enjoy the extra relaxation time they get after retirement and do a lot of thing they had in mind that could not have been done while they were young . they may be able to enjoy their family life more than ever before , especially playing with their grandchild and seeing them grow up . one doe not get to do all this in his younger age . imagine all the excitement and memory they are missing out on . this doe not mean that all of a sudden older people enjoy themselves more . old people may look bored and weary but they according to me are enjoying life the most . my grandfather actually told me of all his childhood experience and wa so happy in doing so . even the little thing mean so much to them and it these litlle thing , that we fail to notice , that bring unimaginable joy to them ! at the end of the day it all come down to , ` different people , different life and different way of enjoyment ' !