in recent year , the knowledge of idea and concept have become increasingly important in school curriculum whereas the learning of fact ha decreased in importance . at first sight , this make a lot of sense : the knowledge of idea and concept give people the ability to deal with new situation and new fact . with the fast change in modern life that stem from technical development but also from economic influence and change within a society or culture a such , dealing with and adjusting to new situation and development becomes an important skill to have . especially when fact become out-dated very fast . nevertheless , the natural science a well a history depend on the knowledge of fact and so do , maybe to a lesser extent , cultural study and humanity in general . of course , it can easily be argued that fact can be looked up today without any major difficulty . especially with the increased use of the internet , to actually know fact might seem le and le important . but then again , people need fact in their daily work : doctor need to know human anatomy , or the feature of illness to work successfully . but fact only make sense when they are embedded in a greater context that is provided by the knowledge of concept and idea . a fact is `` useless '' in a sense when it can not be judged adequately in light of an idea . there is no real need for a person to know when a writer wa born or died when he or she can not place the writer `` s work in a greater cultural context or concept . at the same time , there is not much use in knowing literary concept and idea without knowing when a certain writer lived to connect him or her to those concept . in the end , concept and idea are not everything , but neither are fact . both depend on each other in many way . really , the discussion should not be about rating these two thing in importance but finding a good way of combining both when teaching because both skill - the knowledge of fact a well a the knowledge of idea and concept - are closely interconnected .