the importance of try new thing must not be underated . the reserch of new thing is the most important explanation for many characteristic of people . i must say , concerning this , that the great increase in number of new thing and uncontrolled development of new subject and new field ha not helped the person . modern techiniques , present philosophy of life and the way of thinking have reduced the simple thing to obstacle for development of personality and intelligence of a person . but this way of thinking is very ancient ; it go back to latin and to etrurians . unfortunately the stress of reserch always new activity consumes the people ; relax of people run serious risk because modern man . work and new activity remains an important factor ; they are a thing that serf not only , for earning honestly money , but they also give another meaning to existence . this is dignifild and respected activity . but this way of thinking is not always a pleasure , but it is a duty . this because the work is not done with passion , but for acquire more power . i believe that when an activity is well chosen and liked , it becomes an important factor for development of personality of a person . but , between people and people 's dream there ha always been a sort of war . this because , an example , since work is done by machine , this men that the man work le ; but this also mean that unemployment increase . when a society becomes industrialized and tecnological , the work it produce no longer need man . in fact where a machine is installed , a man is dismissed . i believe that today who seek always new thing form an important part of society . the reserch of new way of do , mean joy , happiness and true affection towards the world . giving to world , without expected anything in return , mean seek new tecnology and new way of thinking . above all , marking people understand , that live without discovery is uselessness . to eliminate sadness of world seems really impossible . in fact in the life of man anything is only a pleasure .