i would probably disagree with the statement because it more like an opinion stated considering a specific area of interest or pertaining to a particular place in the world . i say this because car have , of late , started being affordable to the common man . they are no longer the prized posssession of the high-class and the elite` . cars have become the common mode of conveyance in the recent past and this situation is likely to persist for atleast a while , why not for 20 year . cars are nowadays seen to accommodate all kind of people and have emerged a the economical and faster mean of conveyance anywhere in the world . the idea that there will be fewer car in the year to come is entirely provincial in my view . we should not forget the fact that a larger share of the population in any nation still commute by auto-rickshaws , bus and train even today . people who are primarily concerned with their financial status prefer travelling by bus to having a car . majority of the middle and most of the lower class do not even consider the option of owning a car . for instance , a person who plan to spend $ 100 for his monthly conveyance can not opt for a car which incurs an expenditure of 250 $ a it consumes the lion 's share of his earnings . thanks to the ever-rising petroleum and crude oil price , the option of owning a motor vehicle ha gone further down the list of luxury to be possessed . but , the wide range of comfort a car offer ha been something to think about in the present day situation where time is of essence and the need for speed in life is pronounced . cars are the emerging mode of transportation in the present world scenario in a broader sense . they are no longer a luxury , rather a necessity now . i would personally like to justify my opinion by saying that any statement made can be acceptable if and only if it applicable to the majority of the population . ofcourse , in the united states , travelling by air ha proved to be cheaper than that of by air and thus can lead to speculation that ground travel would be le preferred in the future . pollution ha also been cited a a reason in the case of car . but in view of the larger picture of the globe , it can be said that car would continue to be the most common mode of transport and commutation in the near future .