the statement `` it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject thn to specialize in one specific subject '' is a debatable one . on one hand , specialization in one subject make individual an authority over the subject . their expertise make them a trusted name in that field , give them a great career and lead them towards great invention or discovery benefiting the humankind . on the other hand , having broad knowledge on many subject will make individual develop wholesome appraoch towards a problem . i will go with the first view , that is , it is better for an individual to have specialized knowledge . specialization lead to complete mastery over the subject . it make the effort of the individual completely focused which is very fundamental towards doing high quality research . for example a student of history doing a research on the 19th century situation which led to industralization of a particular country will knwo doubt benefit from having a bit of knowleged about the way the machine work . but in order to create a historical work he ha to work in accordance to the principle of research in field of social science and not get diverted by going deep into unnecessary study of the technique of manufacturing a particualr product . thsi way he will not do jsutice to the historical problem which form the bsis of the research . it is specialization and not broad based study of a variety of subject that have led to great invention and discovery . if galileo wa much botheres about the social , economic or political aspect of his research he would not have revolutionised the world of science with his celebrated inventiona nd exceptional discovery . if if adventurer magellan would have gotten busy in studying the society and culture of each place that his ship landed to , he woudl not have achieved soem of the greatest landmark in geographical discovery . lastly , specialization improves the job prospect of an individual . most hig paying job require specialist and not the `` jack of all trade and master of none '' . even in the business world one would trust a person who is a seasoned trader rather than a perosn who is a part trader . part time artist and a part time journalist . he would not be able to do justice to either of the profession mentiones in the previous sentence . to conclude , a person with specialization is what the world need . it make a person consistent and explre all aspect of the given specialization whihc will not be achieved by having broad based knowledge about various subject .