i partly agree with the statement that there will be fewer car in use then there are today in twenty year . i do agree partly with this statement because of several reason . firstly , we live in a world that constantly change . if i talk to my grandparent or even my parent today , it is astounding how much the world ha changed during there life 's . this is why i think is likely that this will continue . regarding car it is obvious for me that there will have to be change . for one , the gas is getting more and more expensive . therefore , people have to think about cheaper way to travel and transport thing a well a themselves . as a matter of fact , one can already realise the fact that people are trying to use their car le often than a few year ago . the train is even used more and the german train company state in it advertisment state that going by train often is much cheaper than driving a car . additionally , it is not only a matter of money , but also a matter of the protection of the environment . even if the gas wa not a expensive a it is now , there would have to be a change . the air pollution produced by the car nowadays is too dangerous for all the people living in the world . it will and it ha already caused serious problem . this is why i think and why i hope that there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than there are now . however , it is an illusion to think that we can live without car or even with a lot fewer car . people are too used to use their car all the time . this is why there ha to be another way . the government all over the world should invest in the discovery of new way of transportation . for instance to use solar engergy to run different car . this is why i only partly agree with the statement . if the people do not try to find different , cheaper and le dangerous , way for transportation , there will be no way that the number of car decrease within in the next twenty year . furthermore , i can not really imagine that the number of car will decrease a lot in a much a twenty year . but it could start to decrease which would be a step in the right direction . all in all , i think especially because of financial problem that there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than there are today , even if it is going to be hard for most people not to use their car anymore .