everytime you watch a science-fiction movie which is supposed to take place in the 21st century , you ca n't help but notice that all the car seems to have been replaced by super space-ships , teleportation device and similar revolutionary thing . but this is the 21st century , and apparently car are still holding on , even though we sometimes find their presence questionable seeing the global oil crisis and the environmental problem . are car going to become le and le used until they disappear ? i rather think that the car a we know it is about to go through a major change , which doe n't obviously mean it end : it just need to adapt to the world 's new condition . first of all , it seems rather clear that in a few year , 50 or so , there wo n't be any oil left for u to extract . what will we do when our ressources are out ? it 's going to be a huge problem for car , because they ca n't work without oil . will we have to abandon them for another mean of transport , one based on a different carburant ? well , maybe we just need to find a way to make car work with something else . actually , the process ha already started : more and more car are built a to work with oil combined with a natural product . in the future , it may be possible that oil wo n't be needed at all , and therefore we will be able to keep on using a many car a nowadays . still , another problem remains : what about the environment ? while people buy more and more car , it ha become obvious that the quality of the air in big city like bombay or paris ha been increasingly dreadful . the solution seems to be to forbid the use of car in those city , and to use instead other mean such a the subway . but wo n't the problem be solved if we find a new carburant for car , one that doe n't pollute the atmosphere ? once again , this possibility is already studied by many scientist in the world , and it might come true one day . as a conclusion , i would then say that there really is a need to change the way car work if we want to keep using them . it 's their quality , not their quantity , which ha to be modified : they will still exist in 20 year , but maybe under a different form .