when we peek outside our house the thing we can find in abundance outside our house and on the road is unrefutedly the cars in different design and color . the car have changed the way we travel . the invention of car have brought a kind of a revolution in the time . in addition to making the conveyance easier to saving time to accessing the remote area car have done almost everything to make our life more comfortable . with the changing technology and increasing economic growth i dont believe that the next twenty year in any way see a reduction in the car . this will be mainly because of the demand , advancement and status these four wheeled wonder is going to bring about . with the increase in the pocket income and incentive more and more people will be able to buy the car . after all who want to experience the overcrowding in the bus and train and the waste of precious time these inconvenient travelling measure bring about . the another factor which will increase the demand is the population growth . with the population of the world sky rocketing the number of people who can avail the benefit of car will increase and so do the car . also with the advancement in the technology we will witness a whole new genre of car in the next twenty year . when people see something new and innovative they have a urge to buy it even though they may be having an absolete version of it . so there may be many people with two or three car in the next coming year . cars are frequently being associated with the social status of the people . the people try to get everything that will elevate their status . in many family we see peolpe having many car . one for going to office and other for social party , other for child and hence enhancing their status with each car . with these kind of social attitude the sale of car is definitely going to increase . so we dont see any reason why the sale of car will decline and we will see fewer number of car in the year to come . though the excessive use of car will create problem like traffic jam , chaos for parking , pollution and petroleum problem . but these problem will find a suitable solution . it just only need cooperative effort and thinking . so in the next twenty year we will witness more and also attractive car down the road .