i do n't think that this statement is generally right . of course , young people have other ability than older people , and can thus enjoy different thing . but i think that there are also very enjoyable aspect of being old , and this is why i do not agree with the statement . being young is in our society often equaled with having fun or being without worry . i think though that this is a big myth . of course , especially the physical ability are much bigger when people are young : it is easier to stay up long and party without being totally sick the other day in your twenty than in your thirty . but on the other hand , being young go also along with a lot of specific problem older poeple do n't have like this anymore . for example it is very difficult to learn and experience what it mean to be adult , to learn to take responability , to learn what person you are , and so on . this is one main reason , why i do n't wish to be twenty anymore . i think this can be extremely exhausting - the older you are , in contrast , the better you know yourself and the better you can enjoy that . another example is the decision young people have to make and the expectation they have to fullfill . they have to decide for a career , find their own specific way and place in the society . they have to study and they have to go through a lot of frustration finding out what they want , on the one hand , and what option society provides for them , on the other . afterwards people often mystify school and studying time a time of openness , freedom and choice - forgetting how difficult these choice often are , and that this openness and freedom is also a lack of clarity on what life offer you and if you are able to succeed . in contrast , i can imagine that being old can be enjoyable , although i think that the physical problem most old people encounter may offer a challenge . being old can mean that you can finally really enjoy your life after you found out who you are , found your place in the world , and made your way . i can thus imagine , that being old is actually , at least in some regard , much more enjoyable than being young .