the above topic doe seem appealing to me a it take into account the question that come into my mind quite often `` how could i beat the person i admire most , for example my father . '' there is always an example set before me and i can always learn from his mistake and move forward in my life . in contrast the older people have reached a stagnancy level where there body doesnt allow them to develop further and the day you ca n't go futrther on the road to success is the day when your life end . another reason for which i support the younger generation is because of their potential to do whatever they want to . a older person is not in a situation of the same a he is not in the condition and there ara numerous ` iffs ' that haunt his mind . for eg. one day i saw an accident in which a person ran his car over the leg of other person . there were many people gathered there and they tried to stop the driver but somehow he flew away . there wa police complaint lodged against the driver a his car 's number wa taken down . however ehen the evidence came to know that the driver wa an influential person and could harm them , most of the witness took back their complaint . most of these witness comprised of the older people who gave the reason that they dont want to put their family in danger . on the other hand there wa a group which did n't step down whatever may be the consequence and eventually they acheived success in last though they had to face numerous hardship . this spirit of cahnging the world in the younger generation what i love and yearn for . gen x , a they say ha the believe that everything is possible , which is admirable . even when you ask an elderly person about the best time in his life he would certainly describe his college year . the other thing that one love about the carefree life a young person can live that is , on his own term and condition whereas an older person ha numerous worry to bother him such a the future of his child , family resource etc . i know that they are imp