why only few individual in the society are successful ? why not everyone succed in their career ? a perfect answer to this question is that not everyone try new thing and take risk in their life . people commonly opt for safe and secured path of life . usually , people follow the most commonly used path and never try to explore new way and mean to get to their destination . very few make use of their novel idea to acheive respective goal . this emphasis the significance of following creative trend and taking up risky challenge to end in success . scientists are the living proof for stating that ` success result from exploration and risk taking '' . very few turn into scientist because of their innovation and research where in they try to find out new procedure by experimenting in a different fashion other than common people who do it in an already known way . best example i can ever quote is about a professor in our medical school who tried to cure cancer in a different form of therapy called brachy therapy rather than the reguraly followed mode of treatment like chemotherapy or surgey . my professor experimented with the new technique built up by his ownknowledge and experience . students who take unrelated course rather than regular one may land in success soon . in addition , they have proved that nothing is impossible if you try hard to acheive a goal . for instance , one of my best friend registered in the course liketheatre recording and video taping a soon a he finished his under graduation which is nothing but taking a risk a he is not sure of his success with his creative idea of taking a different course in his graduate study . however , all our classmate found his act to be surprising and concluded that he is going to end up in defeat and can never succed in his career a he opted for an irrelevant course from his undergraduate study . to everyones surprise , today my fried is one of the highest earner of the year by working in the theatre recording and videa taping centre . in conclusion , i personally believe that success is never sought with out exploring novel idea and involvement of risk . infact , i have learnt from my personal experience of life regarding my professor and my close friend that one ha to take risk and try something new rather than following everyone in the society .