i do not agree with the statement , mainly for three reason . the fist one is that old people have lived much more than younger people have and thus they have more experience in life , the second one is that the are more mature and for this reason they do not have extreme attitude change a youngster do and the last one is that old people have more money to spend since they are working . with the experience that old people have in their life , i mean that they have experienced many feeling and have been in many situation that young people have not , and then , they can take the maximum of each day , the enjoy any moment because they know that certain situation will never be repeated , they use to see the future and prepare for it while young people just want to live day by day , not worring about the future . my second reason is that older people are more matture and thus they do not have that radical change in attitude that young people have . enjoying of this stability provides old people with a great advantage that can be used to dedicate the exact ammount of time to each activity , not wasting time like youngster do . also , this characteristic is important in order to keep risk away by making the correct decision and to avoid doing stupid thing . finally and not le important is the factor of the money . i would like to mention the importance of having financial stability in order to enjoy the life doing what we like . an old person ha the opportunity to wok hard and save money to take some vacation or tavel around the world while a young person rarely ha this opportunity because they are studiyng and it is hard for them to work and study at the same time . because of this reason , older people can really enjoy life by doing great activity that will enrich their person . as a conclusion , i would like to say that old people enjoy more the life than younger people do . the reason i have presented are just three but there are many other that can confirm that a mature person can enjoy a lot the life while the young people can be just living an illusory hapiness .