when you travel somewhere you have never been , you want to learn everyting and explore every part of that place . to accomplish this you may need to form part of a group and be lead by a tour guide . by doing this , you make sure that you are going to learn many fact . the downside of this kind of traveling is that you are not going to have the chance to explore by yourself . you need to decide wether you are going to be part of a group led by a tour guide or if you are going to explore and learn by yourself . usually you go to a museum or you visit an historical monument with a tour guide . this tour guide will help you learn the history behind the painting or object and will also give you great fact . the tour guide will be the instrument that will enable you gain the knwoledge you are looking for . you can be sure that you are not going to miss an important detail or fact because the tour guide is going to give it to you . at the same time , you may want to travel or visit a place without a tour guide . by doing this , you can explore and see thing at your own pace without others telling you what to see and for how long . when you travel by yourself , you have the liberty to decide your destination , the liberty to choose what you would like to learn . this kind of traveling will let you appreciate thing more because you are in charge what you are going to do . in my personal experience , i prefer a balance of both . a tour guide is important because you are going to learn important fact . also , whith a tour guide , you are going to learn many more and better thing . the only bad thing about traveling wiht a tour guide is that you are not going to have the freedom of seeing what you want or visiting the place you would like . this is why sometimes i prefer traveling without a tour guide . in this way i will decide what i want to see , i will decide the path i want to follow . i can give an example of this on the time i went to rome with my family . we went to see the church and the temple by ourselves , but we took a tour guide to see st. peter 's basilic . i have to admit that with the tour guide i learned many fact about that church that i never imagined , but at the same time i did not see every part othe basilic i wanted to see . if i had visited the church without the tour guide i probably would not have learned everything , but i may have seen what i wanted to see and visit .