first of all , i would like to refer about the range of `` young people '' and `` old people '' . i would like to refer `` young people '' , a an university student , and `` old people '' a those parent . these day , parent , who have sent their child to university , tend to restart enjoying their own life . untill high school , a number of parent consider their child a immature . although , a soon a they enter university , they change their idea that their child are no longer immature . therefore , after their child are grown up to university student , parent shift their life for enjoying themselves . in my opinion , i am against to the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do , in term of studying and relationship between friend . firstly , young people , who are in university , have to study a lot . most of them have lecture everyday , have to make a presentation , or submit report . on the other hand , old people , have no school nor lecture . they are totally free to spend their free time . secondly , about relashionships between friend . when people enter university , the first thing they try to do , is making friend . it can be an enjoyable thing , but in return , it might be a stressful thing . they have to seek for an opportunity to speak to a new person , and get to know each other . although , parent , who have already gained a friend , do not need to make new friend . they do not need to experience those stressful time any more . to give an more considerable instance , my mother enjoys more of her life after my enterance to university . she go out with her best friend more often , go out with her to see a play , movie , etc . moreover , she is making more time to stay with her husband . they go out for a drive , or take a walk with our dog . from these fact i can maintain that parent are enjoying their life , a much a university student do , in term of school affair and relationship between colleague . as we see parent , a old people , from these two point , we can say that it is true that they are enjoying their life . it might be not an exaggeration to say that old people are enjoying their life much more than younger people . from these reason , i am against to the idea that younger people enjoy life more than older people do .