i think that the over the time period the number of car being used today will surely decline . this is because of the increasing concern over pollution , shrinking fossil fuel base , availability of better way to commute , cultural shift in dependency or association with car and increased traffic . all these factor are now evident to anyone who us or see car everyday . pollution ha emerged to be a major concern over the period of time , and now , in comparison to older time when car were considered to be a symbol of freedom , people have started to see them a major cause of pollution . air pollution is done because of the usage of the common fuel , gasoline , even though we have modified the structure of gasoline to do le harm , e.g. high octane fuel , and have even equipped the car with better technology , multiple stroke engine etc , still the safety limit are being pressed to edge , and we have experienced the damage . e.g. depletion of protective ozone layer and increased respiratory disease among urban population . next , the crude oil source used to supply fuel for car have been continously decreasing and have reached at such an alarming low level that scientist have cautioned to start looking for alternative fuel , which are either not that efficient or are not economically a viable a gasoline . also , over the period of time , people have deviced better way to commute like bullet train , people in japan commute almost 500km each day to work , which wa not possible with car . also , in other major city alternative mean of transport such a metro rail and high capacity bus are experimented and are well recieved by people . moreover , these day we are moving away from the need that gave rise to this effective mean of commutation such a going to work , company are experimenting better way like work from home option which do n't require employee to come to office , another example is reaching out to facility such a convinient store , now you can have everything delivered to your home on one phone call . this will eventually wash away the need of car . increased traffic and it effect like accident are bothering people so much these day . they are more concerened about the time lost in the traffic and their safety , after all who will want an everyday commutation to office or school to become an adventure ride . so to summarize , with the increasing awareness and decrease in the cause that lead to the use of this mean of transport , coupled with environmental and health factor the car will eventually become an old mean of commutation .