people need to move from place to place to carryout various daily activity . right from the existance of man on earth he ha been nomadic , moving from place to place for food , shelter etc . so there must be some mean of transport and those mean changed a generation passed and a the technology developed . early man used to walk , later he used tamed animal like camel in desert , horse etc and then he brought the revolutionary change when he invented wheel . almost all the current mean of transportation are based on wheel and one such widely use mean of transportation is the car . many people in the present society have car and they use it daily to travel from home to office or elsewhere . so traffic ha increased enormously . in the coming twenty year we will more car if they increase the way they are now . but i believe that in the next twenty year car will actually reduce because there are other mean of transportation available such that everyone need not rely on only car for travelling . technology ha been growing along with requirement of people . now more public transport system are available which are useful to the society and the facility thay are providing are also increasing day by day . public transport system like government and privide owned bus , public railway system , local train and even aeroplane have bettered their service and increased their frequency . so instead of using car many people now are looking into these mean for their routine purpose like going to school , college , office etc . one more aspect of these public transport system is that they are a cheap and reliable mean of transportation . it can help many people reach their destination with le risk and cost . governments are now introducing many policy to encourage people to use more of this public transport . many benefit have been advertised like lower bus fare for student and worker who travel regularly , benefit for elderly people etc . many fare concession are advertised . one more reason why i feel car will come down is that the effect these vehecles are having on our environment make everyone to give a thought on using these vehecles . the pollution caused by these vehecles cause severe respiratory problem to the entire mankind . apart from such direct harm to health of human it also pollutes the environment and lead to global warming . one good example to show that car will come down in future is that country like singapore and japan use more of bycycles rather than car . they advocate people that use of bicycle is not only good for environment but also for our own health . their idea ha already impressed many and in future many nation will definitely follow this . one more reason why i think we will see fewer car in future may be because of the fuel constraint . even today many country are having le rerserves of than what is required . the fuel price have been growing higher and higher . so i agree with the statement that in twenty year there will be fewer car considering the various reason mentioned above .