` failure is the stepping stone of success '' . success stand on four pillar . they are effort , risk , determination and dedication . without these factor it can not be achieved . as a coin ha two face , even there are two face to acheive success . one face of achieving success is by playing safe . look for the company which have already flourished , became popular . obtain farchise of the company and open a new outlet . by doing this we can not only get out of risk but also make profit a early a possible . but we need to follow some prerequisite requested by the original company . the office and the organisational structure should resemble the original company . for example maruthi company taking the franchise of suziki company of japan . as they used the brand name of suzuki which wa then the most reliable automobile in the world maruthi company bacame successful . they had introduced indias first small car maruthi suzuki 800 which ha beaten all existing model then . thus it can be said that successful people can acieve success by not taking risk . adding to the above example , one more example can be quoted . let u take pizza hut . the company is located in the united states . the franchise ha been taken to set up the same in india . within two year of time , in all metrpolitan city branch have been opened and they are running successfully . so , we can say that franchise is one of the way to achieve success without taking any risk . now the other face of achieving success is by taking risk . whenever we enter a new sector in businees arena to flourish risk must be taken . but there are people who were successful and there are people who couldnt not taste success . agressive marketting strategy , best quality product and customer satisfaction are the root to achieve success in this arena . reliance industries tried to enter communication arena by introducing post pais mobile phone . they have given the cheapest price in those time . their campaigning strategy were creative . people got attracted to their system . within few year reliance bacame the best mabile in india . one more example is the founder of hotmail mr.bhatia . he wa the first person who introdued email to the world . he invested lot of money on his research and came up with fruitful result . had he not taken the risk of investing such a huge amount he would hvae not become successful . rightnow he is running in crore . he even expanded his business . hence i would like to be diplomatic with the given statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doin what they already know how to do well .