well i m not in favor with the statment given aside . as we know that for gracping or for understanding any kind of topic , we should rather must go through the both phase of study . namely first one theoritical phase and second one is practical phase . in school level student only follow the way that they had been describe in book mean they only aware with theoritical aspect of topic . i believe that text book are main medium or way to providing thorough knowledege about concept and aspect . but it is failuer to teach practical aspect of the perticular topic . students can understand the idea or concept of any field by merely reading the topic in textbook or by learning it in to classroom . so i think such student dose not have ability to explain or to demonstrate the concept or in other way they dose not understand the fundamental principal behind the topic . while mere reading and understanding topic help in assuming percpetivness of topic . although only reading dose not satisfy the requirement of best student , while he must go through second phase of study . if the student have clear theoritical concept of any specific topic then he or she can work or handel the problem related practically . for example one chemical engineer student have only school degree while othe have therotical base with experinced in that field . then in such case most of the chemical company will hire the experienced student a he ha better knowledge than inexperienced student . becose company alwayes looking for those person who have peculiar charcteristics of both theoritical and practical sense . by learning actual fact or getting practical training he will feel more satiate . a once in trainee period he ha creates his ability to find the economically and ecofriendly solution to the problem . thus finally i believe that it not only essential to understand the fact about any gernarl topic by reading or listing but also it will also flourish with actual practice on the field in kind of field .