in the era of high technology that enables u to tranport longer distance easily using car and ther mean of transportation , we have received the considerable benefit in our daily life a well a the business activity . however , the adverse effect of using car have brought more serious problem than the human being ever faced , that is , the environmental problem . in my opinion , there will be fewer car in use in twenty year due to our effort to reduce car and invent the alternative transportation system that is le harmful to the environment that we live in . the reason why i think this are a follows . first , we are aware of urgently inventing alternative transportation system other than car . in fact , the big automobile company are now making effort to make car which do not depend on using petroleum to get energy to move . for example , they are now reseaching of the effectiveness of using electricity , water , and other possible mean that are not harmful to the environment . these effort will contribute to our way of life in which we do not depend on using car . secondly , due to the social movement to protect the environment , the government of a lot of nation are now trying to reduce the emmision of the co2 in the air . because car are the main producer od co2 and other harmful chemical component , the government from all over the world have made treaty which bind their use of co2 . although we need to pay attentino to the desire of the developing country to enhance their economy , we have to propose different way of boosting ecomnomies other than depending on using automobile a their primary mean of transportation . if all these effort gain the result successfully , we can realize the society in which we can live in hramony with the environment a well a maintain the sustainable development of the economy . and i think this future outline is feasible . therefore , in twnty year or so , we will be living in a world where fewer car are used a a result of reducing the use of car which were harmful to the environment .