recently , i had a chance to have brief meeting with tom who just came back from the europe trip and i wa able to hear abou the valuable story and funny episode . however , he strongly mentioned about the lesson given by the trip and also eagerly try to advise me that without a tour guide tourist are capable of making a trip more interesting and memorizable . convinced by tom , i do not agree with the statement that `` the best way to travle is in a group led by a tour guide '' due to two main reason . first of all , by depending on the tour guide , tourist dangerously lose their resposibilities and also deeply become dependent . for example , let u say there are two baby who have been raised differently . the first baby , jimmy ha been gifted with a couple who belive that baby must be raised with great care ; on the other hand , the jeffrey ha been raised by believer who desire their baby to bocome le dependable . most likely , jimmy raised with great care will be excessibly so dependent that when he reach to the time to work in a company , he will have many problem based on the disability to solve problem independently . however , jeffrey will be really strong and doe give up in society even though adversity try to block him . secondly , without the tour guide , the tourist tend to more colaborate each other in a group and naturally make their trip more voluable and memorizable . like i mentioned in the previous paragraph , being independent is really important element for people in society , but also knowing how to work with coworkers is significant . according to tom , he said that he had a lot of hard time to find place he and others in the group want to visit . and he added that because poeple more tend to be collaborative and agreeable , they could have very successful and inerasable trip . in conclusion , by depending on a tour guide , it will be little valuable trip in the reaons of the high cost for it . so , if some want to have wonderful , memorizable trip , he or she have to avoid a tour guide who probably take his or her independence .