i disagree with the given statement , especailly in the context of the modern world . the statement is probably inspired by the large number of career based people who may appear to be too selfish . in a world of competition , this may partly be true - to get to the top , you must not let anyone else get past you . however , taking a broader view , many of these people are very helpful , especially when they are needed the most . basically in every society , be it a contemporary one or of the past , there are people who are naturally more inclined to community service and related activity . many of these people have actually experienced or have been influenced by some touching social event . examples may be people who have been near a tornado struck place and have seen people 's house and family getting decimated . such an event probably had a significant impact on their life and made them start helping people in need . something very ubiquitous about the modern world is the availability of communication . live footage of an earthquake in the indian state of kashmir is available throughout the country . call of a weeping mother for monetary help resounds on the ear of every person of the nation . the plight of hundred of dead child shake the heart of even people who have religious and poilitical conflict with the territory . how then , one may ask , can someone remain poise in such a situation ? the earthquake strike not in a single state but in the heart of every citizen of the country . it is in these time of tragedy that the young , so far busy in making their career , suddenly come to rescue of others . they fall upon their basic instinct - the need to help the needy . the satisfaction they get from such service usually change their life style for ever . successful and rich businessmen , who even find it hard to give time to their daughter , come out and provide the much needed monetary help . this wa something obviously not possible in the olden day . it is thus the young who fuel the rescue work in these time .