in different country , we have different type of education , the question that must be highlighted is which kind of education id the best or the most efficient . in my opinion , to have broad knowledge of many subject is better . for that , i shall use how it affect social behavior and then how it is a simpler way for teenager to get to know which job they really want to do . firstly , acquiring a wide range of knowledge allows one to interact more easily in one 's society . by having at the same time notion of math , of geography , history or art for example allow communication to be wider . there are more subject to discus about ; in other term having more knowledge is possessing a larger culture . i think that knowing fact about history , geography , philosophy , economics are important because they concern the humanhood and more specifically our daily life , so they are benficial to u , how would we know where are country when mentionned at the television for example . the perfect image of this type of person who know a bit of everything is sherlock holmes who although being specialised in crime , due to his occupation , we learn that he know a variety of thing : chemistry , self-defense are such example . throughout the different story , we can see his easyness to get in a conversation with anyone on anything . secondly , a a student i know that choosing a future job and thus selecting the corresponding course is very difficult . as a fact , postponing such decision are a way to be fully happy and totally aware of their meaning and consequence once the time ha comed . moreover , continuing or beginning academic subject is important because a time pass you can progressively decide which you prefer and therefore making the right choice at the right time . however , making a professional choice doe not imply letting all the other knowledge down , in the contrary one can get specialized once he is beginning to work but by no mean forget what he ha learnde beside . to sum up , i would say that it is necessary possessing a wide range of knowledge a it allows to be more social , and it help to our comprehension of our environment . it help also on the choice of the job one ha to make ha it give him time to appreciate and to make the best decision for him .