the statement refers to a very impotant and also problematic question in our modern society a traffic and connected to that environmental pollution increses . at this point of time in history it is in my oppinion difficult to make such a prognose about the future because technological progress accelerates . as a consequence we can not know what and more important when a new vehicle will be invented which is able to partially substitue a car . according to me their will not be fewer car in twenty year because the present trend of increasing car number and traffic doe not change it direction . cars have been an essential invention in the past and are now an important part of our daily life . this is shown bz the fact that especially in the industrialized country nearlz everz family ha one or more car . we use the car to go shopping , to go to work , to go on vacation and often just to visit a friend a few street away . with the invention of car human mobility increased . as nowadays a life without a car is hard to imagine and unsubstituable i think also in twenty year this fact will not have changed . on the one hand car have simplified many thing in our life and increased our mobility , but at the other hand have contributed to many environmental problem such a the emission of carbon dioxide which damage the oyone lazer and contributes to global warming . government ha made restriction and law to control the use of car like tax and there might be stricter law in the near future but in my opinion it will take more than twenty year for the people to react to such law . even if oil resource become scarce and oil price will raise an adaption to this will be very slow . a reduction of car use when oil price raise will in my opinion only be short term . as a conclusion you can say that according to me in the near future there will not be fewer car because car have become an unsustitutable part of daily life . as pollution increase the reduction of car will be necessary to reduce environmental destruction but this will perhaps be achived in in more than twenty year .