the process of learning in a school environment is very complicated and involves that a student will nead to acquire many habilities , such a understanding idea and concept and learning fact . i believe that even if both habilities are important , understanding idea and concept is more essential for a student than learning fact . understanding idea and concept is very important for student because it will give them method to approach problem in other academic fileds , in the day to day life , a well a in a professionnal career once they will start one . when we talk about understanding idea and concept , we talk about an important learning process going on . for example , when you understand the concept of the prisoner 's dillemma once in your life , you will not forget it , because it is not purely factual , your brain ha to connect concept and idea together in order to understand it . moreover , you will be able to use this concept in other situation , to understand what is going on in a situation where the condition of the prisoner 's dillema are met . on the other hand , learning fact , even if it ha some importance in the learning process of a student , seam to me something highly mechanical . memory is not perfect , and most of the fact that we learn will be forgotten at one point or another in our life anyways . however , if you forget the date when the second world war started , or the scientific name of a bug , you can always look in a book or in a dictionary to refresh your memory . but is knowing the date when the second world war started ( a fact ) that important compared to knowing what the second world war is , what kind of issue where at sake , why germany wanted to invade other country , etc. ( concept and idea ) anyways ? i believe it is not . understanding concept and idea is much more valuable in my opinion than simply learning fact , because it allows you to understand the meaning of something , to make your own opinion about it , and to articulate it in order to convince others that your rigth . in conclusion , even if student need to learn fact in order to acquire a good education , more attention should be given to understanding idea and concept .