some student think it is more important to understand idea and concept rather than learning fact . i belong to this category of student because idea and concept are more general and easier to understand . the first reason why i think it 's more important to understand idea and concept is the variety of situation i can apply the same concept . sometimes , during their study , people learn of lot of different idea from their many course . at the begining , student might think that all the concept they learn are only related to the classe they are taking . however , student may be surprised that a specific topic can also be apply to other discipline . for instance , when i went to the university , i enrolled in a seminar of ethical issue regarding medical intervention . at first , i wa n't very interested learning this subject just because my major wa in business . however , the week after the seminar , a dramatic event happend . in fact , my father lost his job without logical reason and after 25 year in the same company . at this point , i changed my mind and i saw that ethic can also be apply in business management because obviously the company in which my father worked had no ethic . moreover , i think that understanding idea and concept is more important than learning fact because it 's easier . when people learn fact , it could be very hard to understand the main idea or the conclusion of an event . indeed , fact often involve different point of view and conclusion might differ from a person to another . unlike fact , idea and concept are the most of the time very clear . for example , if a student in an economic class learn the concept of supply and demand , it must be very clear because everybody agree with this concept . however , the fact that the price of tomato ha increased after a twister because all plantation were destoyed is not always obvious . in fact , many other factos might be involved in this phenomenon . in conclusion , i deem that it 's more important for student to understand idea and concept more than learning fact . nevertheless , after having understand concept , student may have the opportunity to apply these idea to some specific fact .