if this question ha been asked approximately 30 year ago , probably the answer would be specialisation . nevertheless the world system ha being sharply changing after the technological enhancement ; so , the kind of having information . now , i believe that , having a wider academic information is more valuable that just concentrating on one , because of globalisation , optimisation . the first reason i believe in this manner is , the wide spreading concept of being a '' global '' person . after the enhancement of the communication technology all over the world , owning information had become so important . that is why every individual company tried to have a much knowledge a it can . as a result of this everyone ha begun to have at least some information about every issue . if you are so stubborn not to join this trend you may not be a social individual in today life . thus , instead of specialising for a subject , having a framework for several kind subject is a more valid in today world . apart from this social point of view , broad knowledge of information is extremely significant for optimisation of ongoing job . since all of the task takin place in our world ha several varialbles in it ; altering the way the work go on . for a better optimisation - even for approximation - you have to have knowledge from variety of branch . the paragon is industrial enginners . this enginner type is not concentrating on a specific kind of engineerin , even those people get course from managemant and economics a their core study . as a consequence of this , they have the opportunity of having a wider perspective for optimisation on going work . besides , having broad knowledge of several academic subject may yield to unexpected outcome such a deficiency of required knowledge or overexagiration of the known infomation . this insufficient information , may lead to false result for a work . for instance , if you really want to work for an enhancement of product , or a new innovation , you may come to a mistaken product , which in return may mean , waste of money and a lot of time . overexagiration of knowledge unconciously may also lead to same conclusion . to sum up a i consider all of these three result , i come to a conclusion that haing a wider academic information accumulation is better compared to specialisation on a topic . however , people should be aware of the danger of overexagiration and deficiency of knowledge .