advertisements have become an important part of our daily life . we rely so much on the advertisement and bring the product to use it . but , most of the advertisement make the product look much better that what they really are . i totally agree to this . i have heard lot from people about the superficial advertisement whose product are really bad and i have too experienced it . there are lot of hair related product like shampoo , conditioner and hair styling product of different brand . i have dry and weak hair . i happened to see an add for shampoo for dry and weak hair . there advertisement poised a model having silky and strong hair after using it . so relying on the advertisement i bought that shampoo and used it but to my surprise i didnt get even okay result . basically they try to sell their product by making progandas about the product but actually it is not satisfying at all . lets consider the example of fitness intruments . the advisement show that if you will use this product you will loose so much pound , if you will use that product you will loose some more pound . since in us obesity is the major problem , so people rely on these add and bring home the instrument . they do loose some of pound but it not the same pound they show in adverstisements . in most of the adverstisements , they will just show beautiful model and celebrity to make their add fancy than it actually is . i want to tell one of my friend experience about the cell phone service . she took one cellphone service watching it advertisement talking about the better quality of phone call and best customer care service . but she is repenting her decision of using that service because of bad voice quality and more worse is their customer support . in my opinion , not all but most advertisement tend to make their product look better that what it really is . so , in my view we should not blindly rely on these advertisement rather we should learn more about the product and should compare with other product .