there is a famous aphorism that say `` jack of all trade but master of none '' . i agree with this saying and hence donot think that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject . instead , one should specialize in a single subject . firstly , in today 's dog-eat-dog world , it is important for a person to get ahead in the rat race . specializing in a single subject help an individual to have exclusive knowledge of that subject and hence he will secure more lucrative offer in the field of employment . the demand increase and the supply being le , the individual is rewarded amply for his spcialization . also , there is an abundance of academic topic to choose from and very little time to pay total attention to them . gaining knowledge about many subject is simply impractical . secondly , if a person concentrate on myriad subject at the same time , unless he is an exceptionally brilliant individual , there are chance of his getting overwhelmed with the sheer diversity in the subject that he ha to deal with . for instance , it is a widely known fact that leonardo da vinci wa a true genius and had mastered various field ranging from science to art , which is evident in his work ; from model aircraft , to bridge , to the `` vetruvian man '' , to `` mona lisa '' . this go to show that unless an individual is confident about his capability , that is he can deal with a vast number of subject like da vinci did , he should not bite off more than he can chew . also , from the scientific view point , the average human brain can process only a limited amount of information at a time and that too about a certain number of topic . though it is proven that we use only 10 % of our brain capacity , why not focus the remaining 90 % on a single subject and master it ? dealing with too many topic at one time could lead to confusion and chaos and could result in frustration for the individual . moreover , if a person ha specialized knowledge about a particular subject , he can work in collaboration with specialist from other field , hence enabling him to socialize a he simultaneously distributes his knowlede to others . in this process he also gain knowledge of other field . finally , i think that a person should have a basic awareness and not a thorough knowledge of a many subject a he possibly can . in this day and age , specialization is the key to a successful academic , professional and social life .