in twenty year the number of car in use will not have diminished by a large number , i believe that rather the opposite will be true . the number of car will increase during the next twenty year . due to population rise and the development of different fuel the number of people able and willing to afford their own car will increase and so will the number of car in use . in country like china or india , that have a large rural population without the mean to buy a car today , the continuing growth of the population and the fast economic development will lead to more people being able to afford a car in the near future . the price of car will go down in comparison to the income and this will lead to more car being in use . another reason for my belief that there will be more car in use twenty year from now is that new fuel are currently under research and will be on the market in le than twenty year . for example the hydrogen powered car is already in use today , though it is not ditributed at large . this development of alternative fuel will restrict the impact of the decrease of the resource like oil and gas ha on the automobile industry . that way nobody owning a car today will have to get rig of it because of fuel shortage . these people can just a easily buy a car powered by alternative fuel , when their current car break down . the alternative fuel , that are being developed today , are also cleaner and le poisonous to the environment . this mean that maybe people not willing to use a car today because of environmental reason will change their mind and buy a car when the use of a car is no longer a hazard to the environment . these reason support my belief that the number of car in use in twenty year will not be lower , but higher , than the number of car in use today . population rise , the development of alternative fuel and the rapid economic development in country with large population will contribute to an increase in the number of people able and willing to afford their own car and thus to an increase in the number of car in use .