the young people , in today 's globally challenged environment , do not give enough emphasis on helping their community . i fully agree with this issue of socila responsibility . to cover the subject from various angle , the potential reason can be listed and defined . first , the parent , today , are all working professional and therefore they do not spend enough time on the subject with their child and let them realize the importance of helping their community . because this area is not covered by the parent , it is only shown or taught in the school which can not provide the basis for the subject to be covered fully . because young people are influenced mostly by their parent , a they get le attention from them , the subject matter is not held properly in the family . second , because of the economic need of the society , the education and the trend are all influenced by the factor that create profit . and since helping community is not a matter of profit , the importance of the issue is not expressed via printed material or medium . when we combine these above factor , we can come to a conclusion where it is an outcome of the effort of the society in the end of the day . young people of today ' globally challenged world are caring more on what they wear , what computer play they can purchase and play . they are becoming le and le oriented in the real world and society problem . lately , the individual professional , celebrity and corporation are stressing more emphasis on the issue by promoting the idea of corporate citizenship and social responsibility . this pormotion ha become a trend in the last two year and the campaign are generating more profit for the community . it is believed that this new trend will become effective on not only the young people but also the middle aged and elder people . since it is widening and strengthening the scope of helping the community via medium and printed press . yet all trend today are created and influenced in filling the gap of the lack of social awareness . where it can easly be concluded that the lack of the young people helping the community is also observed by the whole world and action are started to be taken to change it . thus , it can be concluded that the young people are not giving enough time to help the community but their attention can be converted into the subject matter and they can be benefitted .