the statement is `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . i partially agree with the above statement . i would like to quote sevaral reason in support of my stance . the following essay will justify my stance . firstly , i would like to say that there may be decrease in number of car that are using today because of increase in the traffic in each and every city . for example , consider a city where it ha many more number of car than it actual capacity of road . this situation will lead to frequent and severe traffic jam . no person will be able to reach th dstination in time . the people will get frustrated with this and they naturally prefer other type on conveyence like mass conveyence system which includes train , bus and aircraft . also , consider a situation where a city is highly polluted , which also result in decrease of number of car after twenty year . for example consider a place where it is vastly polluted . the level of sevaral chemical like co2 , hydrogen have fairly raised up than their normal level . the gas that is ejected from the car is also a reason for this . this result in decrease of number of car . next , consider a situation of accident . these accident are very common in each and every place in the world . for example consider a situation where a firm will be providing safer mean of transportation . mass conveyence system like train , bus , aircraft are safer than car . this is also a situation where there will decrase in the numbr of car in the future . finally , consider a situation wherethe devolopement of this mass conveyence is fast . this will lead to important thing like safer journey , reaching to the place safely , low fair . many people doe n't want than this . so , there will be decrease in the number of car in the future than they are used today . in conclusion i would like to say that a there are both side of a coin consider a situtation where in the economic status of the country is increased and each and every person prefer to purchase a car . this is possible becuase people in many country believe that purchasing a car increase their economic status . so there is also a chance that car may be increased in the future after twenty year . this is my stance on the following essay .