there is great debate on the academic arena about whether to have broad kowledge on many academic discipline or to specialize in one specific subject . nowadays , people are highly puzzled with this question and are having difficulty to choose their path . depending on my personal experience and the conjuncture of today 's world i would definetely claim that specializing in one specific subject is more beneficial to one . to begin with , globalisation is at it peak on the 21st century . this fact brings a lot of communication tool like television , cable tv , internet , ... etc . all these source of communication feed people with information . although , load of information sometimes creates confusion still it make an awareness . thus , in the globalised world more people know more thing on more issue . in other word , most of the people became able to have a say on any issue with the information coming from communication source . this , made the `` general information '' le valuable . in the past , there wa no internet or tv . access to information wa valuable . thus , being able to talk on any issue wa a virtue . nowadays , having general information is accepted a something normal . so , it is expected from people to say more professional and more specific thing about their issue which make the specialization in one specific subject necessary . secondly , i am an international relations student at a university . i am planning to graduate this year . however , i realized that i would face difficulty in finding a job . the reason is that when i graduate from this department i would be able to say something on every issue without being a specialst on any of them . to illustrate , i know something about microeconomics and macroeconomics - because i took that lecture during my 4 year education - but i am not an economist . just in the same way , i know about psychology and sociology a little but i am not a psychologist or sociologist . all these fact made me aware that i have a broad knowledge of many academic subject but i need to specialize . thus , i decided to apply for a master 's degree . this illustration well explains why specializing is a better choice . in conclusion , the new conjucture of the world which came through the process of globalisation and my personal experience proof that specialization is a better choice that having a broad knowledge on many academic subject . the increasing demand of people on having a master 's degree in today world would be another proof of this necessity .