i agree to the statement where i believe most adverstisements make product seem much better than they really are . such statement can be supported by my own personal experience and my friend 's experience . through medium , such a magazine and television , many product are advertised . many of the product seem very cheap and good in quality from the way they are presented . one day , i wa watching an advertisement channel where they sold a hair removal spray . the advertiser showed how anyone can remove their hair by spraying on their hair and simply wiping it by a towel . the show also showed a person remoivng her hair through wax very painfully , trying to get across the point this product is better than any other method to remove hair . strongly convinced by the advertisement , i bought the spray and excitingly waited for it arrival . when the product arrived , i tried on the spray immediatly . i wa dissapointed when the spray did not work at all . i kept spraying and wiping but my hair never came off . from this experience , i realized how advertisement make product seems much better than they really are . another example that support my opinion is through my friend 's experience . my friend ordered a cosmetic magazine since she wa interested in buying some make-up for herself . when she took a look at the cosmetic magazine , she wa surprised at herself for not buying all of her cosmetic through magazine . the product were much cheapter and seemed better than buying at store . she told me how she wa never going to buy cosmetic product at sephora or other cosmetic store . my friend ordered a pack of lip stick through the cosmetic magazine and she wa busy bragging about it to her other friend . however , when the lip stick arrived , they were so much smaller than they appeared in the magazine . the lip stick were only about 1 inch long . from then on , my friend learned to never order anything through magazine . from these two experience described above , it can seen that most advertisement do make product seem much better than they really are . we should all be causious of the advertisement and look into it carefully before buying any product .