i do not agree with the statement that nowdays , young people do not contribute enough time to help their community . in my opinion , today 's youth is much more aware and responsible to the problem that exist . although there are people who like to paint a picture of the youth a being reckless and irresponsible and this might hold true for a certain section of people . however , the majority of today youth is more responsible and caring towards the community . this can be very clearly seen from the fact that most of the organization that exist today to help various section of people have been started , owned or are being managed by youngster . also , the majority of people in these organization who reach out to help the community through various activity belong to an age group of below 30 year . for example , i went for a charity drive being organized by the cry ( child relief and you ) center of bangalore . this drive involved going to school in the rural area to interact with the under-privileged child and hand them book and other necessary item . i wa amazed to see that out of the 120 people who turned up , around 95 were young people who were either attending college or working . if we see the many revolution and opposition that are taking place in today 's world to oppose either the pollution of the environment due to increased industrialization or depletion of the forest cover or even starting old age home and orphanage , we can see a general trend that these are being led by young people . this trend is not only limited to organization or a group of people . for example , i have noticed that it 's generally the old people who tend to be a bit careless about littering public place or polluting the environment , at least in my country . on the other hand there are young people , who go to the extent of cleaning road and picking up the litter themselves rather than just leaving it to the government . from an early age , the youth ha been made aware of the problem that today 's society face , thus from a young age they are better equipped to find solution and lend out a helping hand to these problem . thus , i conclude by saying that it 's wrong to make a statement or generalize something based on the behavior of just a small section of people . today 's youth is much more responsible to the community .