some peopel say that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . however , i disagree with the statement because i have felt that fact can automatically teach idea and concept in many situation . in history and chemistry class , the learned that i wa able to learn complex idea and concept by simply learning fact . in my history class , u.s. history 1 honors , understanding the flow of event is a important , or more , a memorizing ton of factual information . when i took the course 's first test in the beginning of the semaster , expecting their to be only factual and straightfoward question , i wa amazed that how many idea , concept , and abstract question appeared on the test . for upcoming test , i tried to understand all these idea question by asking myself question like `` why did this happen ? '' or `` why did this person tried to accomplish this ? '' however , i found myself often lost and getting these type of question wrong on the test . then , i figured out a new way to get around this problem . it wa just to memorize more and more fact ! by knowing a lot of fact that have happened , i wa able to gather all these information and draw conclusion out of these fact . then , i wa able to answer the troubling idea and concept question more accurately , and i started to understand the history a whole . in addition , my chemistry class seemed like a pure essence of idea and concept in the beginning . the class required me to understand these abstract idea like balacing chemcal equation or figuring out proper atomic mass . first , i wa entirely lost and unable to learn how to solve these problem because i just could not understance the concept of it . the teacher tried to help me out by re-explaning these thought and idea over and over again , and i still needed more help . then , it wa factual example which really helped me to get these . by looking at how the teacher and my friend solving these problem , i just learned what to do when problem approach to me . i immitated their way of solving problem , and i wa able to solve any chemistry problem on my own . this really made me think that learning factual process is a important a understanding the concept . thus , it is more important for student to learn fact than it is for them to understand idea and concept . of course , idea and concept are ultimate goal the student to achieve in school . however , before they try to reach it , they really should learn factual information enough first . in that way , the student will feel much easier to understand the concept . therefore , learning fact in firsthand is more important than understanding idea for student .