some people might believe that advertisement make product look more than what they really are , but i believe that advertisement make people wise , they help people to make decision , and most importantly save time . so i disagree with the statement that advertisement make product look more than they really are . advertisements are the source of information to the people , they clearlly explains what they really are . they clearly mention there adavantages over therecounter parsts . they can not just give false information trying to make business , the law now are really tightned , taking thisinto consideration they can not make any false statement , and even if they do they are many consumer forum which will help u to guide through . people are usually confused and out of mind about the various product available in the market , so advertisement help people in making decision . we need not be an expert trying to understand what the advertisement is all about , they are made in such a way that a lay man can understand and make decision about there product . nowadays a the competition is increasing they are so many product coming out in the market , so these will help a lot in choosing the product we are looking for . they give a detail explanation of the various function that product ha . in this busy life where we hardly get time to spend with our family and friend , advertisement come into picture they save a lot of time in choosing the product , when we are trying to purchase a product we need not go and look at the whole rack of product . advertisements help u to compare with other product , for example the price , benefit , us etc . .. so by doing so we save a lot of time . i do agree that some advertisement may actually see much better than they really are , but considering the issue like they educate people , they help in making decision and save time , i think that the advertisement are of great help to the society . end of the day you are the one who make decision nobody is forcing you into it .