the number of car in use across the world ha been growing steadily for the past fifty year , and one might naively expect that the number will keep increasing . however , a more careful examination of the factor that affect the number of car indicates that over the coming year , it is likely that the number of car across the world will decline . in particular , improved telecommunication , improved public transport facility , rising fuel price , and rising concern for pollution and congestion are likely to lead to a decline in car use . let u first examine some of the cause for the rapid growth in car use in recent time . first , improved technology ha resulted in reduced cost of car construction , and increased affluence of people ha resulted in greater capacity to purchase car . second , road network have permeated city and village across the world , hence people are much more tempted to buy car . however , both these factor might be nearing their saturation point , now that road network already very extensive and car are within a range of affordability for many . another important factor in the growth of car use over the last fifty year is the increasingly hurried and rapid pace of life where people are expected to be available at any date , any place and any time . people with the money have often preferred to buy their own car rather than be at the mercy of erratic public transport . however , the same hurried pace of life may now operate against car . with improved underground railway network in major city , and increased road congestion , many people have started prefering a train or bus commute to driving their own car through traffic . in addition to public transport , many company and organization now run transport service for their own employee , which help promote timeliness a well a discipline among employee . availing such transport facility free people of precious time and energy that would have gone into driving . the teenage generation of today ha seen the congestion of road , pollution and rising fuel price that have been brought about by an overuse of automobile . when these teenager grow up and become the working class of society , they will thus keep in mind the adverse effect of car proliferation and many of them may refrain from getting or using their own vehicle . another important factor that will lead to a decline in car use is the rapid growth of telecommunication that will render a lot of transportation irrelevant . today , people can do a lot over email , telephone , instant messaging , and the internet . a person can shop while sitting at home , keep in touch with close relative , and even participate in live discussion . thus , the need for instantaneous mobility will reduce significantly . to summarize , i feel that car use is likely to decline over the coming year , both due to a recognition of the inherent problem with car proliferation and due to the emergence of viable alternative for quick transportation and easy accessibility .