every one like to travel every where in the world . sound amazing when you see another culture and people . the travel will be so exating when you have good information about the country you want to visit and when you have your friend with you . every one have another interesting aobut travel . some of people like to visit only the famost place in that country . another like to discover some place get injoy in it . will say when you have tour guide , they like to make limit for your thinking about that country by persusution you about some place and they let you to forget about another place . correct they know littel bit about that country and they already made alot of trip there , but in same time there is alot of place . some time they can go some place you can get it by your self . alot of tour guide focus about musium , zoo , mountin , fun and safe area . when you go alone you will try to fine some information about that erea . and from that information you will get more information when you go there . stup by stup and you will have good trip by your self with out tour guide . i disagree to have tour guide when i travel because they will make limit for my minde about that country . they cant focuse about me and my friend what we want , because they have some benifit form that place . they make limit for your time , because you must carful about the time more than your fun . as example when you spend more time you and your firends , and you dont respect the time they will leave for another place and pick up you after they finish or they will skip one place in the schedual a bunish for your dealy . some time friend dont like to go a group for one place because some of them want to go another place . that time they can divad by to group not same a when you be with tour guide . toure guide have pacifice time and place . finialy , try to get your travel by your self to get more freedom and have more fun . try to fined all the information by your self because the tour guide will not let you to do what you want . think carefully about what you want befor you do it to save your money and you be batter than to be with tour guide . tour guide will not kill his business becuse of you and your friend . you will get alot of fun when you descover new place and get impact with new people .