there are many opinios on the subject that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i think that many young people in my home country do not give their time to helping people . there are few reason for this . firstly , people in my home country are too busy to help people . they always have a lot of work to do and they only have the tiny time to complete their work . take my friend , chris , for example . he worked in the hight technique company and he always worked overtime . when he came home , it 's almost midnight . on day , he saw a woman laid on the land and he knew he must find someone to help her . he saw his watch and he found he wa late to the meeting if he staied there to wait the emergancy car , so he just called the 911 for help and went away . he knew that it 's wrong but he did n't have enough time to save her . thus , i think that people in may home country are too busy to helping other people who are in trouble . secondly , there are many lier in my home country . people fair to be lied and they do n't want to lose some thing . for instance , my friend , kitty , one day she walked on the street and she met a man to ask her that if she could lent him the cellphone to slove some problem . the man promised that he would return the phone back to my friend right now when he finished his commversation . kitty agreed to lent the cellphone to him and waited nearby him . at the next second , the man ran away and let kitty staied there alone . she shocked and she did n't know what happened . she just saw the guy ran away with her cellphone and that monmet she knew she lose her phone . therefor , i think that there are many lier in my home country , so people will think twise when they want to help someone . i think that 's why people in my home country do n't want to help a foreigner . there are many people will disagree with me , saying that there are also many volunteer to help people in the sociaty . however , i think that many people in my home country are too busy to help people who need help and i think that there are too many lier in my sociaty . so , i think that many young people nowadays do not give enough time to help people .