twenty years later ? it is considered a in twenty year there would be fewer car in use than there were today . this statement may become true or false , because it is a guess but why people believed in that guess or not . first of all i strongly believed in that statement . as the time pas , transportation and different way of transporting is being improved and while improving it is being cheaper . what improvement the transportation can see ; subway , bus , railway with comfortable train , plane , jet plane etc . why cost of transportation with these vehicle will be cheaper ; because with supply and demand balance in the economy , w'th the increased number in car increase demand in fuel oil and supply is constant and decreasing because it is a fossil energy . as a result the price of fuel oil will be increased . so people will choose to transport by bus by subway or unbelievable but expected by plane . because by improvement in the transportation path people can reach everywhere from their home by these vehicle . i think it is an obvious choice : if you have chanceto go to your work by subway ; you will go to your work by subway . it is why ; because you will not choose to wait in your car alone in the traffic and you will not give a lot of money to fuel oil and you will choose to read your book or newspaper while travelling . on the other hand people choice will change while travelling along the city ; people prefer to use plane to go to antalya from istanbul or from antalya to istanbul - from a metropol city to a touristic city of turkey - rather than travelling by bus or by car . because for making another guess ; in twenty year time will be the most valuable thing in the world of all . time is a valuable thing now ; but in twenty year it will be the most valuable thing that people will pay the plane ticket for not being late for the life . in all these respect above ; transportation will see great change in the aspect of the people life . these change will be rooted from the improvement in the transportation vehicle and economic condition for instance in the fuel oil people faced . as a result for making a guess `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today ''