some people like to travel in a group led by a tour guide . this solution present the advantage of not having to worry about the organization of the trip . although this way of travelling is easy , i personnaly prefer to avoid the touristic route and adapt my schedule to my own interest and mood , rather than be part of a guided tour . travelling in some country , where language and culture are real boundary ( japan , china , ... ) can be really challenging . guided tour in these case facilitate greatly the process of organizing a journey to such area of the world . guided tour also generally focus on the most remarkable location and attraction that `` must '' be seen . they sometimes provide a valuable insight on the local culture and past . in some case , a guide is even absolutely required to venture in part of the world such a desert . however , guided tour tend to always target the most touristic site . in country like vietnam or china , guided tour have created real touristic route . i believe that following these path do not provide a good idea of how the country work , how the people live , etc . .. some highly visited place also are of le interest than what advertised by the gided tour , which result in loosing precious time . when i travel , i therefore prefer to have the freedom to visit le touristic place , modify my schedule a i wish and meet with the local people . even if i do n't speak their language , i think that communication is always possible . a few year ago , i spent two month in india . i had the chance to live for four week in a small village in south inda 's countryside . i felt that sharing the life of the village inhabitant helped me to understand the complexity and harshness of life in this part of the world . during the following three week , i traveled all around south inda and i found myself much more receptive to the indian specificity and custom . this unique experience would not have been possible if i had travelled in a group led by a tour guide . as a conclusion , i would say that when a guide in not absolutely needed , guided tour are not the best way to travel . travelling in a group sometimes result in missing little or extraordinary thing that tell a great deal about a country .