i would most certainly disagree with the statement that , young people of today do not give enough time to helping their community . at first sight , it might appear so because of their comaprison with youth of previous generation . but the new problem have arisen and if example of these are considered , the vision of the youth to helping and building their community is clear and direct . the youth of today are marching forward in the realm of technical development and innovation but at the same time , not shying away from their responsibility towards their community . working in the role of a software engineer in the growing it industry , along with my team at work , i have organised and participated in blood camp drive . we have also participated in session to spread awareness for the need of preservation of wildlife . we actively focus on issue at the local community level and try to bring them to the notice of the municipal administration . the youth ha also been actively involved in issue of preservation of culture . oragnisation of festival and celebrating them with full enthusiasm is easily visible with the medium attention it attracts along with the steadily increasing participation . tradition is what bind a community together and the youth ha held onto this thread of distinctiveness . the world today today ha moved from a set of local community to a global village . the biggest threat to the entire world arises from the spread of hiv/aids . this generation ha been completely receptive and also taken responsibility to eradicate this threat from the face of the earth . by spreading education about the reason of it uncontrolled growth , the youth ha shared responsibility with government from world over , who have provided fund for the same . by fighting this a a world community , we will be able to eliminate this disease . the commitment and time by young people nowadays towards helping their community ha not dipped . the youth understands the responsibility laid down on it shoulder and promise not to disappoint anyone .