i agree with the claim that young people nowaday do not give enough time to helping their community . there are many reason visible in this world of today to say so . first of all in today compititive world all youngster are running behind their dream . this make them le available to contribute towards their community . they dont get enough time from their school , class and extra training session , which may be regarding sport or education . younsters think that if they dont take their field of study or sport seriously and instead give more time to thier community they may fall way behind in term of other in the compitition . in short in today world they dont have any time other then for their carieer . with the higher sophistication in today life . everybody especially youngster spend more time in disco and pubbs , movie theater and partying . they give a great deal of importance to such thing then contributing to community . as they why to waste time in contributing their community a they can enjoy their life for a more amount of time . also the point of view of thinking of today youngster is totally different . they think how will they be benifited by doing something for the community . for instance , what will they get , if they spread the message of keeping their surrounding garden , beach , etc. cleen by sending flier and bill . they always expect something in exchange to do something . the lack of awareness about their duty and responsibility towards their community have made them to avoid their obligation towards their community . what we lear in our school and college is not enough for an individual especially an youngster to implement totally . even the parent have to chip in some advice and thought in their growing child by introducing and making him or her know what part of the commuinty do he belong and how can he contribute in the welfare of their commuinty . thus due to lack of awareness , no time for activity other then their carrier , and sophistication of life style youngster are not giving enough time to their community .