i neither agree nor disagree with the following statement . i strongly feel that successful people are what they are because they have adventured on taking new path , dared to build on new idea , but the hidden truth on careful analysis reveals , even though those idea were risk for others , the winner have always believed their thought and progressed with them because they only knew how to do them well . so i believe successful people are an amalgam of these two different path to be successful which are illustrated by the statement . for an example , imagine the situation of two of india 's biggest industries - the tatas , and the ambanis - the founder of whcih have risen from depth of poverty to dizzying height of fame and popularity . both of them are an inspiration for new india , because , they visualized their dream even without a single penny with them , and chose to take risk , even with small amount rather than saving them up invested them into their idea and gave a structure to them , because they believed in their ability and also because they were crystal clear a to what they would acheive , and they knew how to do it well . i believe both these path are interlinked and are necessity for anybody to succeed , since reasoning implies that only when you are confident in what you want to acheive and how you want to acheive , can you dare to take risk . venturing into new avenue without having a knowledge of `` how 's and why 's '' of them only lead you to failure . similarly confining yourself to your comfort zone , and in only doing thing you are comfortable with , you are distancing yourself from other probability thus restricting your success to a certain degree to quote an example actor are never considered acting legend unless they have explored and donned various role and showed their mettle in them . if an actor is extremely popular in comic genre , but is afraid to take new challenge , he will never be regarded a success , but taking a risk to don new role stem from his confidence and a the old saying go - an inconfident man is never deemed a success . to sum up , i believe to be successful , anybody need to have the right blend of risk taking ability and also the capability to do thing a well a he can , otherwise the barometer of success would never reach it 's peak .