firstly , in my personal opinion is better to know few thing about all of the general knowledge instead that know a very lot of thing but about just a little field . but for this reason the person should be ready for say something about all field of the talking argument . secondly , i think that one person choses to start the universitary study that person have done the choice of indicate in which specialization it wanna work and for this reason i recon a people decided to begin it walk inside one academic program that person should be ready for take a study path for it future job . basicly , i wanna say that during the secondary school a person should have a general preparation about the job and during the academic life that person choses it specialization . for these reason i thing that to study many subject are very important but not when a person is 20 year old but when a person is in the secondary school while during the academic life a person that chooses it path should study only what that person wanna study . basicly i recon is better to have a punctually selection of course inside the academic program and i hope that the university in the future will start to recon a person must study only what it want . for example i have to study a lot of different subject in my university because my engeniring program is very huge and for become automation engeniring i have to study subject that are very different but the problem is that when the academic program jump from a thing to another and when these two thing are very different a student could lost his target and if an academic program wanna construct with a lot a no connected piece it is very difficult to understand where that program bring . .. i do not want to explain how the university should work but just that if an university control if it program connected each subject is the better thing for the student but also an academic program must provides to understand to final target of the course that a student ha taked . finally , the academic subject must be thinked of the student 's path and they do not thinked over the single subject and there is also important to understand that the student normally not have clear idea about his target and the orientation study are also important for decide where a student wanna arrive at the last of his study .