do successful people try new thing or do what they already know how to do well ? i think successful people are the one who try new thing and take risk because a person can realize their ability , meet luck or find the suitable choice after trying a few different thing in life . first of all a person need to try thing in order to realize their ability . for example , i learned how to play the piano when i wa in third grade . i wa playing it well but of course , i wa n't a virtuoso . taking a risk that i might be unsuccessful , i decided to start painting last year , and i saw that i wa more talented in painting . actually , now i am quite successful that think i will study design in the future , but if i did n't take the risk , i would 've lose my chance to realize my talent . therefore , i believe that a person should take risk in order to explore himself/herself . on the other hand , a person can meet their luck trying to find the best for themselves . for example when you decide to do something new like starting a new job your chance of being successful is equal to your chance of failing . as a conclusion , it is always worth trying . for another instance , you have the chance of winning the lottery when you play it , but if you do n't , you ca n't win anthing . i think you should take the risk of losing . last but not least , you can only find the suitable choice for you after a couple of trial . for example my aunt wa a tailor , but she wanted to open a restaurant . in spite of the discouraging thought of our relative , she opened the restaurant , and now she earns better than she did when she wa a tailor . so , she wa successful with her new choice . the same idea can exist whan a parson need to choose a school . you can always try one considering the chance of being sucessful and if you do n't like it , you should have the courage to take the risk of quiting it . because you might be more successful in another . people should try new thing in their life in order to find the most suitable for themselves . successful people are the one who try new thing and take risk . people should always take risk to be successful .