i totally agree with this statement . in fact , most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are , but this is necessary . i do not think , that it is right to cheat buyer in this way , but i also can understand the reason for these behaviour . on the one hand , the firm had to attract people to buy their product . they want to make a much profit a they can to establish their enterprise . but they have to be better than other firm , who sell the same product . so all of them have to made their product look like the best product off all , to give the buyer confident in this product . a car is a product , which ha got a lot of advertisement on tv , or anywhere else . when the people see those beautiful car on tv , driving through nice - looking street and with an entire family sitting in there , all smiling and laughing , it is normal , that they get the feeling of an unbeatable , ultimate product . the voice on tv tell you , how cheap it is and that you must get it , if you do not want to miss anything in your life . in this situation , everyone , espacially those , who already ha the intention of buying a new car , want ` this ' new car . but also younger participant of the family are lured by the beautiful made - up product on tv . for example any kind of potato chip or ice cream . seeing the people in the advertisement , eating those well smelled and nice - looking potato chip or ice cream , the smaller one even can not get away from the television . it seems , that the ice cream taste so good , that they also want to get one of them instantly . but in reality , when you are getting the product shown on tv , it is not so good a it is shown . often the buyer get dissappointed even by seeing the car in front of them . sometimes it doe not really look a the same on television . of course it can not be the same ! the firm only show product on televion , that have been corrected with the help of computer to make it look better . in real life , no car in the world will shimmer in this way . but it can also accure , that the product doe not contain all the opporunities , which are promised in the advertisement . so , to make a conclusion to all off this above , it is really unfair of the firm to cheat people , in order to attract them , to buy their product . but a we all can see , it work . perhaps , we should not always believe thing we see on tv instantly , to avoid the feeling of disappointment , after buying the product .