rich people or successsful people always try new thing not because they are not happy or so just beacuse they want more and they think they can make more oir they need more for there future . people in these day take a lot of risk to make more money or have a much more succesful life . still when they are making good money and have a succesful job they try new thing . things that they have n't done before but thing that they think will give them more success in life . i think people do this for three reason . if they are not happy with there standarts of life or if they are so greedy that they just want more and more and they will never stop wanting or if they will not continue successfully in this buisnees for the rest of their life . in our case if you are successful that mean you do have a life that is the way you want it to be . then there is two possible situation you may not be succesful in the future with your current business . like having a clothes brand . in these day there are company like gucci , prada or more casual company like polo ralph lauren or abercombie are the top brand but in these buisnesses it is so hard to continue a a good company for such long time . so people try new thing they jump into new buisness or make new agreement like pair with a cell phone company and produce phone that ha the name of a clothes brand , because one day his clothes may not start to sell and a company like prada or gucci may be out of buisnees so thy have to try stuuf that are risky but still give them the oppurtunity to continue successfully in there buisnesses . in other hand you may be the richest men and you may never worry what will a be tomorrow . like bill gates he is the richest men alive and he wake up twelve million dollar richer every day but still he go in to new buisnnesses like having a console `` xbox '' this is all greed . or in other hand i 'm not gonna give name but think of man that make his money from food buisnees . he is so greedy that he try something way out of his league . getting into arcitecture buisnesses and because he ha the money he take the risk but at the end he still make money and the risk he take wo n't hurt him or his company if he doe not succesed in this buisness . in life succesful people mostly try new stuff not because they need money or more power they do it for the greed . success doe bring greed in to poeple and they allways want to be in top the most succesful one .