generally speaking i fully agree with the statement that student should focus on grasping the underlying base of a concept than to know all fact by heart . my main reason for having that opinion is because today 's strucure of information flow is fast and constantly changing . today there are mass of information available through new technology e.g. via the internet . new finding are constantly published and replace information that ha previously been accepted . therefore , to me it no longer make sense for a student to memorize all fact by heart . it is rather necessary that basic knowledge about a studying field and related investigating method are taught in school and university . as stated above fact are subject to change and revision but with a profound basic understanding student will be able to absorb new fact and integrate them in their knowledge of the world . this way they are able to successfully face challenge , that find solution to problem that have not been addressed to yet . if one need to refer to fact , student can look those up in lexicas or consult internet source . these are the main point why i think it is crucial for student to have a basic understanding and how different topic are related to each other , to know aspect that they have in common and where they differ . it 's more a net of knowledge . however this doe not imply that fact knowledge is worthless and i can think of area where it is crucial to have the information instantly available . to illustrate this thought one can think of a doctor in the emergency section in hospital . this is a situation where time is a limited recourse and second might decide whether a patient life or dy . here the doctor should know all fact about medicine and consequence of action when treating the patient . the same is true for pilot and other critical profession . to sum it up a stated above a general understanding of a field is more important for student , considering later challenge in life , than to be able to recite information an failing to come to the core of an idea . however a the example of a doctor in the ambulance show some basic information need to instantly accessible in situation when time is scarce .