young people enjoy life more than older people do , that is what many people think , but i do not agree with it . old people can , and they do , enjoy life the same way that young people do , sometimes even more . the reason i think this way is because , actually i have seen it , i see it everyday of my life , everywhere i look . everyday i see old people that go to work , to the movie , and to many othere place young people go and everytime i see a young one next to an old person i always see a smile on the old person 's face . the reason they enjoy life a much a a young one is because they have lived more , they have more experience and they are willing to learn new thing , because the world we live now is quite different that the one they knew when they were young , so they get surprised . a clear example : the other day at christmas dinner i wa with my family and my brother gave my grandmother a cell phone with a camera and all the new technology . my gradmother wa happy and surprised , enjoying it , clicking in every button trying to figure out how it work . in the other hand , my 16 year old cousin , also got a cell phone , but for him it wa a normal thing to use , he wa not surprise . this is just an example of my daily life that convince myself that old people do enjoy life , sometimes even more . the key element why i think this is that old people know they do not know everything so they like to learn new thing , a new language , learn how to use a computer or even how to use a cell phone . they live one day at a time and they hold on to every moment of joy and happiness . that is something that sometimes young people forget , that sometimes i forget . i forget to enjoy every moment , to laugh at any time i can , to take a chance to learn something new . so sometimes i would like to be like and old person , like my grandmother . i will like to be amazed by simple thing , i will like to take one step at a time . so , no , young people do not enjoy life more than older people . to enjoy life we have to appreciate every moment . the important thing to enjoy life is not to do risky thing and feel the adrenaline , like a young person will do , but enjoy and learn from every moment , like old people do .