in twenty year i surely think there would be a considerable fall in the number of car into use . following are the reason i would attribute to this reduction . the ever growing population and limitless migration to the city is putting tremendous pressure on the available space in city to construct road . in twenty year from now the lifestyle of people would become faster and they would like to maintain punctuality . with regular road service , if they opt , the inevitable traffic jam would delay them . take for example a city like new york or mumbai , most of the people use local transport i.e. train to reach office in the rush hour a there is le possibility of getting delayed . also with growing population most of the space would be used for domestic purpose , giving le space for the automobile to be driven or parked . another alarming feature supporting the lesser use of car would be pollution control . as we are all aware of the increasing euro iii & euro iv norm , time is not far when the need to reduce the vehicle and hence the emission becomes inevitable specially in city like new delhi where the pollution ha already reached alarming value . if the people use a common transport , number of `` smoke emitter '' will reduce and so will the pollution level of city . with depeleting reserve of petrol and not so advaced and promised solar energy operated car , the future of gasoline car would be a mere junk yard . statistics show petrol reserve of only another 40-50 year which will certainly discourage the usage of petrol operated vehicle . even if a newer technology is introduced into market to run car , the equipment cost would be high and will fail to attract customer . a pleasing factor in discouraging the usage of car would be cost effectiveness . a fact state that , in a country like usa , the cost to maintain a car equal it price . public transport would be much cheaper to afford on long term basis , with no worry to maintain car or buy petrol . a rough estimate about the percentage a middle class family spends on buying and maintaining car in india is about 40 % . with this money saved , the family could explore new venture , more productive one to spend it hard earned money on , eg. better education of their child . summing up , car in future would be replaced by extensive public transport network which would comprise of train , tram and metro with numerous advantage a envisaged .