i agree that most of the advertiesements are used to make product seem much netter than they really are . we can see many exaples of this phenomenon in our daily life . ads have been an inevitable component of the daily medium , such a tvs , newspaper , radio , even along the wall of the subway we use to go work every day . the advertisments are continously trying to make u believe that some product are worth buying . by without even we got influenced by them , we by ton of equipment that we do not even need at all . a serious problem i see with the advertisement that they lack honesty most of the time . generally , those who prepare tyhe ad resort to trick and misleading statement that show their product better that they actually are . in the following , i will give my obsrevations on this issue . firstly , i think that most ad try to show a product different than what it actually is because there are many similar product of the same kind in the market . therefore , advertisement use some lie to make their product distinguished among all it competitor . recently , i needed some cutting equipment forthe kitchen . in one of the example , i saw a set of equipment which is told to be able decrease the time spent in the kitchen to half . the knife kit wa shown to be able to form varuious structure to cut different vegetable . it wa said to hae a mode for potatoe kneeling anothe mode for peeling carrot . having influenced by this , i ordered the specific set of knife . however , the result shocked me . what i bought turned out to be a simle set of knife bundled with some simpel plasic box . obviously , i felt cheated . this is an example how advertisement can be effective in showing thing different than they truly are . moreover , i think the technique of distorting the truth ha become the unofficial definition of the advertisement . there are many example to convince me to think so . today , the advertiser use various technique to show the product brighter than they are . they use television show to ` prove ' the usefullness of the product . however , all those show are set up previously . they consist of people just playing their role to convince u on the merit of a product . today , there are even some tv channel just for this purpose . advertising relies on exxagerating the positie side of a product while suppressing the negative side . an example is thebrochures of holiday resort . theyu always show high storey building with a big swimming poo in front . the scene is always bright with a smiing face in teh background . once i have been decepted by the beauty of such a brochure to buya holiday program on seaside . however , what i ended up when i arrived the holiday resort wa a disaster . thre wa a pool , but it wa not functioning . the picture on the brochure did not belong to the actual building . this wa a very bad experince , which strenghtens my belief on the fact that advertiesements are used to make product seem much netter than they really are . as a conclusion , i agree that advertiemnts are used to sho the product better than they are . i think this is done in order to make a specific product distinguishable among other similar one . moreover , i believe that this approach ha been the norm among the advertiser . therefore , one should be very careful when making result based on ad . the result can be very disappointing , a it wa the case for my kitchen tool or my disastrous summer holiday .