i believe that there would be more car 20 year down the lane than there are today . my statement is based on below fact . as of now only 7 % of the world population is using car . mostly this population resides in developed country . the ratio of people using car in developing and under developed country is very low , due to poverty or shortage of disposable income to be spent on luxury . the statistic show an upward trend in income of people living in developing and under developed country for example , number of car on road in developing country like india and china have seen a 30 % growth annually over the last decade . other country are joining this race . further the government of such country are also providing infrastructure in term of road . hence , using a car becomes easier . in addition , the world is moving towards globalisation . with this , availaibilty of car for sale and availaiblity of wider range of car like cost effective car is being witnessed . hence , people would be able to buy and mainatin a car more conviently , than today . for example , in last 2 decade there ha been a 300 % increase in number of people directly or indirectly involved with automotive industry . this is only possible if the automotive industry is showing very positive growth sign . moreover , the change in outlook of people . cars which were once considered a luxury are now being viewed a neccessasity to remain mobile . one more very underlying but important reason for people not to buy car is it running cost i.e. cost of fuel the car run on . with invention of car which run of water , solar energy or japharta ( a seed which can produce pertol ) and other such biodegrable source , using a car would gradually become cheaper and envioremental friendly , encouraging more people to buy & use car . further rate of car being disposed of a non usable is very low , a technology is available to refunction and reuse them . all the development mentioned above is taking place gradually and it will see it peak after to 18-20 year . hence , my claim .