the cycle of life ha not changed since the begining of the time . every humanbeing born , grows and dy ; but the most important thing in this preiod of time is to fill out your life in the most proper way which fit to you . every period of this life cycle ha it 's own rule and condition . when you are a child you are not able to do whatever you want ; furthermore when you are a baby you are even not able to tell what you want . this cycle of life may seem a little bit unfair to u but actually it is not . at that period none of u ha to take responsbility or none of u ha to work for earning money , so may be those time were the easiest and most favorable part of our life . if you are in the middle period of your life cycle ; i mean if you are a young person , you are able to do lot of thing without permission , warning or even concern . as i mentioned before while you are young you are able to do whatever you want and even stupid or risky think ; but in this case one important limitation come into play , which is your metabolism . as a perspective explanation ; people are allowed to do thing a long a their health and metobolism let them . if you are a young person without disability ; there exists about nothing to stop you or prevent you from enoying the life . you can go to swimming , you can go to scuba diving and you can even try bungee jumping ; but we all have to remember that we have only one limitation which is our health . on the other hand if you are getting older and , if it ha been a while since you passed the boundary line of middle cycle of your life ; it mean that you are not that strong a you were at your previous year . in this cycle people start to loose their strength and energy , moreover their metabolism get slower and slower day by day . this of course doe not mean that these kind of people are not able to enjoy , but at the same time it mean that noe these people have some health limitation and not able to do whatever that they want now . in conclusion everybody in the world can enjoy the life ; but of course not in the same ratio or amount . and who can deny that young people have a big advantage under these circumstance ?