advertisement are done to attract people , for the marketing of that product . the actual idea behind the advertisement should be to introduce the quality of the product , it should include the importance of product & us of the product . i agree that most of the advertisement make product seem better than they are . they think that if if advertisement is attractive then the product will sale good . but i beleive that if the product is really good it doesnt require advertisement . the people can talk about that product among themself when they will use that product that will be a real advertisement . once the product is launced in the market it need recognition . a normal advertisement can help it . sometimes it depend upon the product , if the product is very useful in daily life it doesnt require much advertisement . it depend upon the market also , depend upon the cost . if it is resonable then each & every person can use that product . there wa a big advertisement of a perfume called ' lovely ' but when people used that perfume they realised that it wa not that good . but theer wa a big commercial on the another cologn called acqua di gio which wa very popular & still it is popular , but the difference is now that cologne doesnt require any advertisement because of it quality & the cost also . sometimes i think if advertisement is big that mean that product requires marketing , i mean it doesnot have a quality or what ? some advertisement are made by spending lot of money eventhough the product is of low quality . there are people who think greater the advertisement grater the popularity but i dont think that is true . the product requires quality , availability , & value . if the product is launced & if there is a great advertisement about that product and the product is very short in the market it useless . it will be better if they will spend more money on the quality of the product even quantity of product . it may possible by increasing quality the product value may get increased which is not good for all the people . according to me the product should be more resonable & useful sothat each & every person can afford it not only by making big big advertisement . the more the popularity of the product by an advertisement done by people more the popular product will be . advertisement itself is an expenssive process so value of the product may get incresed will cause decreasing the sale of that product .