every one like to travel some of people like to travel with a tour group and other like to travel alone . every one ha his opinon about that . why he prefer to travel alone than travel a a tour group . in this eassy i will give my obinon about to travle alone or a a tour group . i think , travel a a tour group is beteer than travel alone because there are two resoun sopport my opinon which they travel with a tour group make you feel convertable and save . second reason is the tour group company give you a lot of information and there are alot of plan . so if i had this aporonity i would travel with group becuse of these tow resines . first , travel a a tour group is save and more convertable because i think the embleres who work in any tour comany they will not go to bad , unsave and harabol plases . offcours they will go to plases which they are knwen , famuse , butefule and tuoreal plase for example park , mountins . so it is better than trevel alone because you maybe go to plases that you donot have any idia about them . in fact i tried to travel with a tour group . it wa amasing and very exsiting i loved becuse the sirvise of this trip wich wa by bus verey good i didnot face any problom with any one i alwayse walk and hangout with them it wa better than be alone . second resone is the tour group company know give you a lot of information and there alot of plan . the some example of that , they inform you about many hotals that you would like to sleep on it and they let you knoe how much this trip is going to take and if u like to be in which plan so it is better than alon . if travel alon you dont have a plan and which good hotel you have to be in.actuly i also traveld alone it wa so boring i just talked with myself , ididnot know how can i go to downtone . so it is a bad idea to travel alone in concolsin , every one ha his opinon maybe i am wrong may you are wrong no budy can jaje . so i gave my opine whish is travel with group is better than alon becaus of tow main thing the first one is save and the second one is there are alot of plan and infomation . so i hope my resons make sence .