since the begining of respectable civilisation people taught their child and student to understand concept and theory . but when you ask a wise student what he think is better the theoretical or practical aspect of thing , he will respond '' of course practical '' .let 's take for example a history book , the chapter of '' alexander the great '' is filled wih historical fact , things that did happen , not idea that ha no shape in a student mind . people are attracted by the practical thing since theory is too vapid for them . theory need a lot of concentration without really matching the concept . a person will be able to match and understand something once he tasted the thing . as a student i did not understand the chapter of '' probability '' by the first time i needed a lot of revision and practice and especilly practical practice . i did use a coin for example to understand the difference between two probability . how can a student understand math and history without being confronted to pragmatic situation . in order to convey this kind of information a teacher ha to make u feel the concept of the experiment . can we say that alexander the great had two daughter ? of course not , because the thing is that alexander did not have any child . this is a fact and can not be argued , because history and ethnology are fact and not nebulous idea without shpe . let 's talk about art and music , how can we say '' this is the fact '' these hobby can not be considered a undeniable because there is no answer for a question of art such a '' is it beautiful ? '' i could say yes and my brother no . but if someone asks me '' did julius cesar have a son ? '' i wuld say just a my brother '' yes '' because in fact this response is undeniable . in conclusion concept differ from fact and student have to manage both of them in order to be succesful in the viewing of situation in life . as i stated earlier their are no different answer for a fact but their are infinite one for an idea that one may not sahre or take a granted . the real use or '' fusion '' of an idea and a fact will appear once someone try to be a philosopher and then try to resolve unresolvable problem that our ancestor thaught of before u