it is a well known fact that it is only in the hand of the youth that the destiny of a society rest . in this fast paced world , there have been argument galore about the time devoted by young people towards their community . on a personal note , i feel that youth nowadays is too pre-occupied with other thing and is not contributing quality time to the upliftment of their respective community . this can be illustrated by the fact that not many youngster are actively involved in the working of the community help group . the member of the council concerned with the problem of a community ha a lot of middle aged men or people on the brink of retirement . young people shun away from social responsibility thinking that the time can be more valuably spent in education or in a part-time lucrative job . peer pressure also start taking it toll . youngsters feel that they should either be in the college , learning , or let their hair down by partying hard . they fear coming under criticisim if they get involved in charity work for the community , because they feel it is not a hip or trendy thing . parental concern also add fuel to the fire . parents have undue expectation on their ward which result in the child working that extra bit hard to live upto them . in the process , extra-curricular activity and community work take a back seat due to lack of time . in addition , school and college are always concentrating on academic work , whereas the emphasis should also be diverted toward forming club for community work . only in a few country across the world do institution ask student for active participation in community work . the youth should be educated about their involvement in community activity and the benefit it ha a the youngster nowadays feel that earning money is everything in life . the lack of awareness on the problem haunting the community in which they live also contribute to the disinterest . thus the precious talent and the fresh mind of youngster are not being put to much use in community work , which , i feel may spell tough time for community if the trend continues . i think that it high time that the youngster balance their personal life and community work with perfect harmony to make the world a better place .