according to me it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . i defend this point of view for the following reason . first of all i think that a broad general culture , in many academic subject , is extremely important in the same time for professionnal reason and social reason . this broad general culture make people able to adapt themselves to a much more important number of life situation than people who specialize in one specific subject . for example what could do and become a person who only have good qualification in a single job and that this job become old fashioned . .. nothing . .. this person will not be able to adapt itself to his new reality . .. secondly i think that the mission of school and even of university is to allow people to make a choice about their future , and i think that this choice ha to beclear and well based , so that i believe that only a broad knowledge of many academic subject can make people-s choice clear an well based . for example , if you only taught scientific subject to child , how could a certain number of them discover litterature and discover that they are gifted for wrting . .. it would be impossible . .. that is why i think that before learning a job , young people have to discover a many a academic subject they can to make the good choice . the third reason why i think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject is a counter exemple . .. people who believe that it is better to specialize in one specific subject will always say that it is easier , after graduation , to find a job with a specialization . but i would that this specialization is , in the reality , never a real specialization and that a lot of practise is still needed after graduation to become a real specialist . .. so in fact specialization in college and even in university is not a real one . .. that is why i am deeply convinced that to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject is much better than to specialize in one specific subject .