advertisement is now regarded a one of the greatest industry in the twenty first century . the foundamental philosophy of advertisement are obvious-to create a better impression of the product the advertisement is describing in the mind of potential customer . as communication technology and psychology theory advanced considerably over the last century , the effect and power of the advertisement outfitted with high sophisticated computer generized amazing visual scene and sound effect , grew more and more powerful in convincing the customer that `` this '' product is wonderful , inpeccable , to a extent often exceeds the reality ! even about ten year ago , this unbelievable strength of advertisement had emerged for a long time . i remember that when i wa a child in elementary school ( probably the second grade ) , i wa fascinated with the afternoon advertisement of the little sun beverage . the tv advertisement created a false image that the bottle of the soda , which , of course delicately decorated with wing , could really fly , and a lot of child could follow it and find a mysterious land in which they could enjoy playing there with catoon star . however , when i got this bottle a my birthday gift , i wa disillusionised that it is just a toy , not a creature of any kind . therefore , i hereby denounce the trick employed in the advertisement that beautify product inproperly . moreover , we can see the capacity of advertisement to exaggarate the merit of the product by discussing the process of the advertisement creation . first , a market survey is conducted , in which the subconscious desire of people are analysed and taken advantage of . for example , the common illness are severe impediment for people who travel around all the time , so the advertiser know that if they could trigger the traveler subconcious fear of getting sick during their trip by citing a example in which a officer is assigned an extremely crucial job oversea , and any delay can cause a dreadful lose of his firm 's profit . in this case , a illness can be a so terrible happening that the person want to avoid desperately , and now , a tricky advertiser can manipulate the story . he can say that by taking a kind of medicine , the traveler avoided a disease which would bother him if he had n't eat the pill . thereby , by constructing this plot , it seemed that the pill worth a lot , because `` without this pill , the company would lose a hundred million because the man taking responsibility would be impeded by severely illness '' , however , this impression is false and a pill is just a pill not comparable to a million dollar , but learned advertiser can link a pill with a hundred million dollar in the mind of the consumer subconsciously . as a result , the advertisment created a image that the pill which in fact worth only a cent can be a valuable a a million dollar , which is horribly better than the pill itself ! second , the visual image produced by highly developed computer technology entitle the advertisement to penetrate the watcher ' defense . when we watch a advertisement , we conduct a analysis of how valuable this product is by using our past experience and knowledge . however , those grandiose image can easily confuse our mind and hinder our ability to reason effectively . therefore , by obstruct of own capacity of define how good a product is for ourselves , the advertisement actually confuses u and give u a false image about the product , and the advertiser have no motivation to create the false image inferior than the reality .