i agree that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . i base my opinion on substantial point favoring the consumer than the business . one of the important thing observed in advertisement these day is that they fail to portray the complete informaiton . let u take an example of `` x hair dye '' . the advertisement for this say that `` you can get a better hair texture , brighter color and stronger hair if you use x hair dye . '' some person develops an allergy with the hair dye and build skin rash . it wa not the problem with the person but the incomplete information provided to the consumer . the consumer is entailed to read and verify all the information stated in the package and then could have possibly deciphered it allergy . most of the case , we a consumer , come to know the complete fact only when we buy the product and read the detail . i believe that giving incomplete information is a mean of luring the consumer into buying the product . various product are available in the market and lot of them compete with each other in the same space . advertisements play a significant role of manipulating the fact to overpower it competitor . let u take an example of an auto insurance advertisement-geico for instance . geico in the north eastern part of united states advertises that it provides the lowest auto insurance rate . any consumer get easily lured to geico 's website or customer service to check if he/she can actually lower the rate . on careful analysis it is observed that some other auto insurance firm prove to be cheaper than geico , for example liberty mutual . geico provides low insurance rate to consumer who have a good credit history and fantastic driving record . this factor is common for all auto insurance company . if only , geico would have advertised `` we sell cheap auto insurance to people with good credit history and great driving record '' ! thus advertisement manipulate the fact and do not present a true picture . under most of the circumstance , cost is major factor for consumer . advertisements do a fantastic job in not revealing the hidden cost . for example , a consumer get lured to buy a washing machine and reach the store . he ha almost narrowed down his search and start talking to the sale representative . cost ha been a major factor in his decision . once he start talking to the sale representative , he understands that the washing machine requires other component without which it can not operate . these other component increase the cost of the washing machine . if the advertiser would have portrayed the need to buy other component , the consumer would not have wasted his time in buying that machine or would have waited for some more time until he had that money . to conclude , i believe that advertiser do an amazing job in luring the customer . most of the time the advertiser do ensure that the consumer is not duped and ha access to all the informaiton required to buy or use the product . but in all these case , a decent amount of time and energy need to be invested by the consumer to decipher if the product actually suit their need .