there ha been a great change in an advancement of education , people have get opportunites to have their subject with much better quality than in the past . some people say that it is better to have broad knowledge of many acamic subject than to specialize in one specific subject , i totally agree with this given statement because by having broad knowledge of many academic subject , people can develop thier general knowlege and able to good oppotunities to find their potential ability in the future . to begin with , taking broad knowlege of many academic subject can enrich our life more constructive and improve our general knowledge which is essential living in our society . if people who are not have their broad knowledge of many academic subject , they would be bored and be limited to know about academic information . they do n't know how much interesting to invest money on stock market and get won my share or which way is the best decison making which in charge of a business class . in my expeirince , i took lot of various of subject in my college such a investing money on stock market , at first time i spent on my money on stock market , i thought quite wasting my time and money . however , a time went by , i wa taught from professor and had some profit which gave me self-achievement . in addition , by having broad knowledge of many academic subject can be good chance to develop the potential ability in a long run . compared to taking specialized in one specific subject , people do n't have opportunity to think of their potential ability and just go for their job that are just suitable for them . but when it come to taking a variety of many academic subject , it will be helpful for people to develop what are the best job . from one of my friend who majored in english literature , when she wa a freshman , she did n't take the elective class which had lot of different academic class becuase she thought that it wa the best fitble for her . however , after being a sophomore , she started to take a business class which seemed to be interesting to her , finally she realized that business class wa the best for her becuase she wa fascinated with taking marketing course . to conclude , even though there are some advantage of taking specialized in one specific subject , having different type of academic subjecst can outweigh this specific subject since broad knoledge of many academic subject can improve our life better and develop the potential ability . i hope this will be the great leap forward future life .