is innovation exclusive for succesful people ? or so i would call my essay , a the way the exam question is phrased i could call two different answer : yes , successful people try new thing indeed , since they have the chance - sometime this represents a budget to play with - to do so . in our current world state in it ever-defining processes-for-everthing mania , the chance lie for certain individual to look at thing from a different angle . the innovation chance come naturally to mature individual and mature company , since those are the one that understand ( through living ) that a mature process produce predictive result . given a experience-driven and refined process for making software it is possible for an indian consulting company to predict how long will it take to develop a project , how much time the risk will take away from it and how much resource should it allocate to get the project going . its due to a mature set of process that company like bimbo can do just-in-time delivery to every convenience store in it city . it is after embracing such level of maturity that an individual or a company can find room for improvement , room for trying different way and expect different result . and , a i would call that level of maturity a certain degree of success i agree to the proposed statement . for my second answer however , i can answer `` no '' , for it is not an exclusive habit , a sometimes emerging little company and individual , virtually no-ones in the business world need a more agressive strategy . for these company and individual that have perhaps spoted a new target market or developed a brand new product , there 's no time to be doing thing the long-term way , sometimes fail-proof or tested . sometimes there is no room for mature process where time is crucial , for these kind of individual or company , subject to these kind of condition , is that i agree with the risk-taking deal , even when they know nothing of how to make something work and they have to start something from scratch .