the statement infers that advertisement often make product seem much better than they really are . on the one hand i believe that this suggestion often might be true . on the other hand you have to consider that every enterprise want to make the best of his product and advertisement is always a good way of addressing customer . the enterprise are doing great research work to produce the best possible advertisement for a product . they pay other enterprise to make study on what customer are attracted by . of course they have to present their product in an very attractive way . for example the advertisement for body - lotion often include very good-looking woman . the customer are firstly attracted by the advertisemnet with the beautiful woman , then they relate the woman to the product , they buy the product and then they might be dissappointed because they do not look a the woman on the picture after having applied the lotion on to the skin . it is understandable that the customer is dissappointed but the enterprise ha reached it goal and ha sold it product . at this point i will come to the other side . it is not fair that the customer ha spent so much money on something he believed in but wa dissapointed . of course an advertisement ha to be attractive but nobody is allowed to lie . the customer often loose their confidence in the enterprise and will never buy anything of this enterprise again . i believe that it is more effective to stick to the truth . the customer would not be dazzled by promised result and might buy the product again . additionally advertisement are not only been made on tv or on the street but in conversation . people tell each other of somenthing new they have tried and they give good reputitions so other people might try this product , too . sometimes it is in my opinion even more effective to make advertisement in form of promotion in supermarket where a real person talk to you and let you try the product . having tried the product and having talked to somebody who know more about it is in my view better than having unpersonal advertisement on wall in the city . in conclusion i would say that there are much better way to present a product than to overrate it and lie to the customer .