the youth of this generation , who have been able to create a place of their own , who have been able to mark a positon in the society are the young people of today 's world . they are able to make up to this position through a hard toiled path which includes their own effort a well a their parent and elder view and difficult sacrifice made by them . many such succesful people unlike a few are very much known about the fact leading to their success . so i strongly disagree to the statement . youth these day are definately giving enough time to help their community . they thank and are grateful to all those people who have helped them taste the sweet fruit of success . i have seen and have encountered many such great acheievers who not only devote themselves entirely to their own work , but also squeeze out enough of time for helping others in their time of need and thus solve their problem . for instance the alva brother , who own a production company of their own . they produce and direct environment awakening programme that are in the benefit of nature . along with this they very inquisitely take part in the function and programme related to nature to bring about an awarness they are helping out people who need them , they manier time take up many honourary work to support them . thus they are doing a lot to support their community who have helped them to come up . such successful people , once they have achieved success and reached the peak , always strive for others , especially their own family member and relative a well to reach a higher postion a them . but this happens only if the others show an interest or are willing to do something great . such people work 24/7 nonstop manier time . an instance for this are many doctors and physicians . their parent sacrifice a lot , so that their sons/daughters can mark a place , and after getting success , these doctor devote themselves entirely to the wanting people , the diseased people who are in need of them . mother teressa in her youth day is also a great example to be looked upon . she devoted her life from her youth till her last breath to the cause of humanity and supporteding her community .