the prediction about future should be well calculated and well designed before being made . from my perspective the prediction about the number of car in twenty year is just not right and need to be reviewed in order to make a better projection of the future . the first point that this statement miscalculates is the issue of emerging technology . as time go by new technology come out . this make people buy new car in order to keep up with the technology . as an opposition to my point the issue of petrolium might be considered . as an answer to that i guess we shold be looking at the traffic more carefully where we see emerging hybrid car which consume electricity and gas at the same time . these car keep the environment clean and attracts the environment concerned people to buy car . these hybrid car are being manifactured only one or two company but others are trying to catch up with better idea in order to keep the number of sale up . second point that i want to mention is that number of car sale . if we examine them we can obviously see that they are increasing every single day . a proper statistic would show u that it will be that way in the following year . especially when we look back twenty year back from our time there is a considerable amount of increase in the number of car in use and it look like it is going to be the same way at least in thirty more year . in the third point i want to be more psychological about the issue by saying that people of the 21st century like to be mobile more than the people of the past because of the fewer border between country . as the world get more globalized people tend to move more in order to see diffrent place and understand diffrent idea . one of the mean of getting to new place is by car . the opposition of this idea is the use of public transportation on the other hand people like to be more private so they will be prefering car . another psychological drive is the joy of driving car , i do not think driving a car is a fag which pass away after some time as a conclusion the number of car in use will be increasing untill at least thirty or forty year . new alternative are being worked on but we should consider the implementation of car to our life and compare it to the new technology . that way we can understand the inappropriate part of the subject .