i totally agree with the statement because not only i find that memorizing fact is most of the time totally useless , but i strongly believe that there is no use in learning if student can not apply the acquired information in different way . facts such a date , name , place , and definition are recorded in book , encyclopedia , newspaper , and electronic document . there is no point in spending time memorizing them , when we can have access to such data if we know how and where to find it . rather than having student memorize the meaning of a word , they should be taught how to look it up in a dictionary . instead of asking student to memorize fact in a particulary history passage , they should be presented with such information just to help them understand the background in which a historical moment took place . when student are given the opportunity to transfer the idea and concept that are being taught into different situation , particularly when those situation are closely related to the student 's reality , the learning process `` set in '' . show them the relationship between speed , distance , and time on the blackboard , and most of them will not be able to understand it . but ask them what happens if they are late for their first class , and most of them will answer without any hesitation that they would drive faster . in my experience a a computer science teacher who teach programming in a local high school , i 'd rather have my student try to figure out how to solve a particular problem by understanding what need to be done , than letting them worry about the implementation detail . this approach is not easy for them at the beginning : they want to know how all instruction in a particular language are written , and they often feel frustrated when instead of giving them the answer right away , i ask them to check the developer 's documentation . once they understand that the language detail are not important , because they can always go and check how a particular instruction is written or can be used , they can focus on what is truly important in computer programming : developing the skill that are needed to solve any given problem . the most rewarding comment i have had in these 12 year a a computer science teacher came from a student that is now in college studying a major in engineering . i found him this morning here , at the ibt testing center , and he said : `` ms. cannon , thank you for teaching me problem-solving . you ca n't imagine how i still use the strategy that you taught me in your class , even in subject that do not have anything to do with engineering . ''