i do agree with the statement , in fact the most part of the advertisement we are used to see show only perfect product , for instance : wornderful hair when presenting a shampoo , absolutely slim dancer when promoting a diet pill . .. this are only a couple of example , but everyone of u have been upset at least once looking at the mirror and seeing that after one month using the ecxeptional mussels-stimulator saw at ( and bought from ) the television , he still doe n't look like jean claude van damme . this mean that the example of how different are the real product from what is presented in the advertisement , can easily be collected from everyone 's everyday life . nevertheless , i do n't feel the need to criticize this feature of marketing itself : obviously it might illude people about the effectiveness of a product while it may not be a effective a that , but a long a no one is phisically forced to buy the product , i do consider this one a an absolutely conventional marketing strategy . in fact , in 2006 , nobody still pretend to believe in the reality of what is presented by television ( movie , a well a reality show , a well a advertisement ) , and with the progress made by the graphical art , which are now available to the most part of the population , we are totally aware of the manipulation that are used to image ( just a picture of product , or video ) to reach the best result . this is probably the most important feature of this marketing strategy . in the past year , in fact , it wa not a easy a it is now to modify the image of a specific product to make it appear more desirable : it required lot of expensive and sophisticate tecniques , which were n't available to everybody . nowadays the progressive informatic revolution ha also improved computer 's graphical skill , which allows company to maximize the effectiveness of the advertisement presenting a maximum grade of perfection of the product . i finally think this is a feature of our society : to be attracted by the ( at least apparent ) perfection , which might be false , but people like to dream , even if it is just for a while .