i agree with the statement : the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . a person doe not have to worry about getting lost or hurting his brain planning where he should go , a person can learn a lot of thing by having the tour guide explain , and the travel will be much safer . first of all , a person doe not have to worry about getting lost or hurting his brain planning where he should go . the tour guide are professional . they earn money from guiding tourist . of course , they know the land better than the tourist . there is no need to worry about getting lost or going to the wrong place . also , a person doe not have to think about where he should go each day . the tour guide know where the best place are for people to go in the amount of time they have . fun is guranteed . second of all , the tour guide can give a person an excellent explanation and some tip that he should know . it is always fun to know mini trivia . for example , when my family and i went to cancun , we visited a famous historical landscape in a tour . our tour guide made our trip much more exciting by adding trivia and funny story behind the history . usually , i do not really like learning about history , but i really liked what i have experienced . i also learned a lot from it . by just looking at the buidings , i would not have learned much information , just only the basic fact . yet , by having a tour guide explain thing , i could understand better and wa more interesting . finally , the trip would be much safer when someone is going on a trip in a group . people might try to steal money or trick that person if he wa alone . he might not even notice it . however , if a person is in a group , someone in the group is likely to notice that people are trying to trick the person . it is harder to trick twenty people rather than just tricking one person . thus , it is safer . to conclude , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . a person doe not have to worry about getting lost or hurting his brain planning where he should go , a person can learn a lot of thing by having the tour guide explain , and the travel will be much safer .