when i wa living in the united states , there wa a short period of time , about a week or so , when i did n't have a car . to go to a supermarket , i had to walk for an hour , and imagine how bad it wa to come home with four 5kg-plastic bag in both hand . i definitely needed a car in order to survive there . considering that car are currently one of the major transportation tool among people in developed country , i disagree with the statement that there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than there are today because twenty year is just not enough time . to replace the existence of car with other mean of transportation would take more than twenty year to accomplish . it is said that the gas emitted by car ha a tremendously bad effect on the environment , a problem called `` global warming , '' and that country are working to decrease the number of car in use . however , in order to accomplish this goal , there need to be other way people can transport , such a train and metro . it would be hard for any city government to come up with a plan and to put that into action in twenty year . another thing that would be hard to change in twenty year is people 's habit . when you have been using a car , for example , to drive to school everyday , you will find it hard to change the way you commute to other mean , such a the train . it is hard for someone to make a change in their lifestyle , and he or she would need a definite reason for doing so . if the city made a law prohibiting the use of a car , this would sure drive the person to quit driving the car , but making that law in use would take more than twenty year . passing a law requires a lot of time . imagine the voice that would come about from the people when a plan to make this law arises . even if it doe n't take a law to try to change people 's awareness , i can not come up with another option . for the reason i mentioned above , i believe it is impossible to decrease the number of car in use than there are today in twenty year . to do so , there need to be other way people can tranport , which they could feel comfortable and convenient a car . of course , there are place around the world , for example tokyo , where subway have been well developed and people do n't need car to get around . however , from the experience i had in the united states , i would have to say that people there would n't like that .