a lot of sudents waste their time with studying for exam and quiz . this only make student learn fact . however , i think that understanding idea and concept is more important than just learning fact for student . the reason are stated below . first , i hear that a lot of american student do not like math class because it is complecated and it doe not make sense . i had a chance once to take a calculus class in last year , and realized why they do not like math . since i had learned a lot of math concept and idea in high school in japan , the class wa very easy for me . however , a lot of american student came to me after and during the class time and asked a lot of question . the reason why they did not like the math and were not good at it is that the instructor did not teach why from one question they can get an answer , or the teacher did not even understand why it is . he just tought u how to solve the question . since i had learned a lot of thing in japan , i could understand but , i think that it it very hard for american student to understand for them to understand why the answer becomes what unless they understand the concept and idea . beside that , i have another reason why i think it is better to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . i took an economic class one time and the instructor just talked and talked to let u learn fact in the lecture , and i did not have nothing to learn . at the end of the quarter , because i could not understand the question on the final exam , i had a really bad grade although i studied a lot . last quarter , i retook the same economic class with a different instructor . he tought me idea and concept of economics ' term easily and i understood these ; therefore , i did not study for the final but i got a good grade . i believe that the reason is simply that i learn and understand the idea and concept of economics rather than just fact . in conclustion , i surely think that understanding idea and concept is more important .