i would agree on the point that most product advertised are not a good a they are portrayed in the advertisement . the reason for my belief is that the advertising company get a lot of money from the manufacturer to make their ad look better . and due to this the make the product look very flash and attractive in the advertisement even if it is the most hideous product . advertisement is the best marketting stratergy that decides the sale of the product and the company success . in order to ahieve certain target and to attract more customer the company advertise their item in a manner that make them more desirable to the viewer . to do this they add certain feature which the might not be able to provide . they spend a lot of money on these ad . for example , a cell phone company x adverstises it phone that ha all the feature except a very bright coloured handset that might attract people . so the advertiser usually enhance the colour of the handset in the add that people like to see . they modify the product with the help of the computer technique . this might be misleading for the viewer of the ad if they order the handset just because of it colour . most people believe in what the see in the advertisement and order the product on the basis of the ad . this can lead to viewer forming a wrong opinion about the product too . giving a personal example , i ordered an entertainment book which according to the advertisement had all the address of the tourist place in and around newyork but when i finally got the book in hand i discovered that the book had only a few selected place and it did not include all the important tourism spot for eg. the museum of modern art or the radio city hall in manhattan . how could any book miss that ? on the basis of the reason and example citied above and on the basis of my experience i would finally conclude that the advertisemnets are often misleading and do not provide the exact information and the viewer should go into the detail of the product before buying them .