i agree that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn them . when a student is taught idea and concept it help him develop his own understanding and give him the power to analyse difference in two given situation . a student who ha learnt the concept properly can apply these and thus come out with a solution on his own . so what this doe is , it promotes and drive the student to grow a an individual intellectually . now consider the case that the student is given all the fact . he will have all the knowledge that he need to solve a particular problem or he will have all the answer to any question that is thrown at him . since he ha learnt these fact , it easier for him to recall them whenever he need to . this is where the comparasion of the two practice is required to ultimately determine which is more desirable or which one is more beneficial to the student . while knowing all the fact can be considered an asset , not knowing how and where to use them to achieve the desired goal , mean that all the factual knowledge is wasted . in such case the understanding of idea and concept is more beneficial a the student will know how to use the information he ha or can comprehend from a given situation or example and still come up with a solution . for example i am taught in a phychology class that an individual when scared , act in a particular way , i will learn that a a fact and the way i need to respond to that will also be learnt . now suppose the person for some reason , choses to act differently and take me by surprise , since a response for this ha not been learnt . so every fact is not useful , the understanding of the concept of behaviour in this kind of a situation is more advantageous and can help effectively deal with such a situation . so i feel it is more important for a student to understand rather than learn everything he can because thing learnt may be forgotten but if the student still ha his concept right , he can still deal with anything .