the issue at hand is whether or not it is more important for student to grasp the meaning of what they learn than just learning fact by heart . this is a very important question a many pupil just learn their stuff by heart in order to satisfy the teacher but they are not really able to practice their knowledge . in agree entirely with the statement because student really have to be aware of what they are studying in order to be successful in a test or the real world . in the following i will try to support my opinion by using several point and example . one reason which make me claiming this , is that if you just learn a fact but you do not have a real idea why you are learning it you can not complet an examination successfully . as most of the question in a test are transfer question you have to know how to practice your knowledge and just knowing the fact will not be a good help . based on this point i think being aware of the idea and concept is the better solution . moreover , i take the view that understanding idea and concept is much more important than just learning fact in the outside world a well . let me exemplify what i mean , if you have a job interview and you know that it is very helpful to show a good behaviour this is good for you . but it is much better if you know the reason why this behaviour is important and how exactly you have to react , for instance you have to be aware that good behaviour consists of friendliness or being honest and so on . thus , i think that my view is the right one . furthermore , above all it is very important for people doing sport or doctor to understand the idea and concept of what they are learning . what i am trying to say is that a doctor for example not just have to know fact about a specific operation . no , he ha to know when he ha to do this kind of operation and especially how he ha to operate ! this is a very good example showing u how important it is to understand the idea of what we are learning . in conclusion , i have stated different point in order to support my opinion . the understanding of the idea and concept is much more relevant than just learning example in order to have success in different sphere of our life .