i strongly agree with the statement of `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' . some may disagree with what i say that they ( especially the young poeple ) think they do help others in their community . i do agree that young people do help , but the point is they did not give enough time on helping . maybe they just spent a few minute for donating some money or giving their seat to the elder in the train or bus . that is totally not sufficient . regarding to that issue , there are a few reason that cuase this issue . first of all , young people are too busy . they need to face more challenge and difficulty in thier life compare to last time a the world are improving and developimg so fast . if they are student , they need to concentrate on their study and get a very good result to get a place in a university or a position in the company . if they are worker , they may need to concertrate on their work so they could get more salary or better position in the company . nowadays , people may need to know much more infomation compare to last time to sucess in the society . this includes computer skill , speaking skill , writting skill , and expert in more than one language . thus , young people nowadays are busy for learning or working that they did not have time for other thing . moreover , the parent did not encourage their child to pay more attention in helping others and their community . nowadays , parent mostly concern on the result and performance of their child in school and job until they ignore the importance of teaching their child about the moral attitude or behavior . therefore , the young people are mainly lack of the awareness of the importance of helping behavior . they do not give enough time in helping their community a they were not teach to do so since they were young . in conclusion , i agree with the statement of `` young poeple nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' a they are too busy and their parent did not encourage moral attitude and behavior in their child .