each person ha his own way to enjoy his life . some peeple think that young people use thier time more funny than the adult , while others think that the age doe n't make any connection with enjoying life for people . personally , i think that the age is n't the only factor to check the enjoying life quality . among many factor that help people enjoy their life , the first factor is a hobby . having hobby make people use their time useful . i have one friend who ha a hobby , making pro-models . if he had spare time , he would go to pro-model shop . he actually like that kind of making . so , i 've never seen that he waste thier spare time useless . i think he know how to enjoy his life by his own way . another factor is a friend . from kindergarten 's time on , people usually spend thier time with their friend . with friend , we did our homework , played outdoors , and struggled with them . we ca n't imagine the life without our friend . this mean having how good friend help people to enjoy their life more . i have a good friend . he seems like he always prepares funny time with me and our other friend to me . if he were n't exist with me , i would get stuck in boredsome . whenever we have spare time , he schedule a tour plan and watching movie and sport game . thanks to him , i doubt that i actually enjoy my life more than others . lastly , having more information make u enjoy our life more . without any information , we ca n't enjoy our life . even though , there are many thing to enjoy , if we do n't know these thing are in vain . this mean we need to get more information in order to enjoy life . i usually read the megazine which ha a information of space of trip or famous tour place . by using it , i can get many chance to take a trip to the place for which i 've ever heard been . in our nation , i could travel many unque island that many people could n't get reached . to sum up , i think that there are many factor that could help people to enjoy their life more . apparently the age is a kind of fator , but having hobby , having good friend , and having more information also important factor .