will it be ever enough to learn ? life is a long and rough journey . whatever we learn either good or bad throughout this journey will be a way of experience for u . i have always been sort of a greedy person . for me it is never enough for anything in life . i agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject because most important of all it increase a person 's self esteem and confidence . actually , this question constitutes a major place in my life . it wa the time when i have graduated from high school and wa trying to choose what to study in the university . i am not the type who is obsessed with one issue and can spend his or her whole time with it . that is why i have chosen to study sociology in the university . as a matter of fact , i did not know much about sociology at the time , but i knew that i wanted to study a course from which i could gain many thing that i can fit into my real life . sociology happens to be a subject that analysis the society , such a broader term . while analyzing the society , of course we are concerned with many other type of information . since my freshman year , i have always preferred to choose course from different major such a , history , international relation , psychology , literature , economy , statistic and many more . the reason for this choice wa because i have always believed that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . according to me , a person who is specialized in one specific topic is much more limited in life regarding his option . what i meant is that , if a person ha a knowledge of many different academic subject than this person always ha a say in any conversation he or she engages into . consequently , i believe that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject rather than to specialize in one specific subject because it increase self esteem and confidence and this way the person can have a lot to say in any conversation she or he engages into . also , this person can easily understand the on going issue around the world and is capable of making clear on where he or she stand based on his thought and belief .