the medium of today is a very powerfull tool . in other word the medium is the king of the world . whatever is shown in the telivision , in the newspaper and the magazine ia greately influencing the public . children and even some adult get carried away buy thir tactic . the influence may be negative or positive . i believer that they sometimes mislead the people . thus i completely agree that the advertisement make the product seem much better than they are . adversitements that are in form of writting on paper or those seen visually on the telivision are very different from those that they actually show or tell u . firstly the product shown in these advertisments are not what they actually show u . lets take the example of medicine . the advertisement in a mere ten to fifteen second try to explain u for what it should be taken and for what if it should be avoided . they may inform u that they do wonder for , like let take an example of a patient of some heart disease . they may tell u that the can help cure or treat high cholestrol in just one month and also tell that you need not follow a diet conrtol . . but scientifically how can a high cholestrol be cured in a month and that to without havin a diet control . thus i believe that these can be missleading sometimes they may tell u that any kind of skin problem be it on face or any other part of the body can be taken care of . they may use the word like `` magical cream '' . the patient may believe them . they may use them but in vane . actually this is just a tactic they follow to fool u . lets take another example of a `` hair remover cream '' . the advertisement may show a beautiful girl with no hair on her face or leg . she would say ... `` for a silky skin like mine use so and so cream '' . the irony is that they already have talek a girl who had no hair on her face or leg . so are they not trying to mislead the people . the advertisments tell u that if we buy for example a laptop on this particular day , u will get a printer and a scanner `` free '' with it . they do this not to tell u to come and buy them but to fool u . they before hand had already hiked the price of the laptop so a to acomodate the cost of the other thing with them . morever i am a firm believer of the fact that `` nothing in this world come for free '' thus i completely believe that most of the advertisemants make the product seem much better than they are . so before buying them one should definately do their `` homework ''