the question here is to find out if success is closely linked or not with risk-taking and curiosity , when it come to try new experience . as a student who want to set up one 's own business in the long term , i totally agree that statement and i will explain why in main three point . to begin with , how is it possible to learn and improve oneself in any job if one doe not open up one 's mind nor express one 's curiosity ? as one doe not know everything about a topic - how to use excel for the first time for instance - , it is a mandatory task to try by oneself to succeed , to learn and bear the tip in mind . it is the same when it come to ask to somebody you do not know at all to find your way in the street . sure , you can bump into strange people , but what if you never ask ? you will never get to your meeting , are you ? then , and a i mentioned above , how is it possible to create something new in the entrepreneurship field for instance , if one never try nor make experiment ? somebody want set up one 's business can not be a risk-adverse , all the more that lot amount of money are at stake . but if one never try - to have special condition on the loan for instance - , the company will not be created . thirdly , true , i am strongly convinced that most of successful people express their curiosity . still there is a need to qualify the notion of risk-taking and keep doing what is already working without trying acting different . i am truly convinced that a black and white answer can not be brought to the question : are there only risk-takers who succeed and safer people never do ? this opinion just becomes stupid if we consider the example of people who die while trying for the first time in their life how to escalade the hilmalaya or how to swim with shark . to conclude , risk ha never been a guarranty for success but it may be a condition . and new is not always good , old method have been working for year , unless a recently-developed new one is more efficient , one doe not have to change .