i disagree with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . '' i believe that there are a lot of young people right now , that contribute to the benefit of our society and/or community . in the course of the last fifty year , young people have gained a lot of independence from their family and from their community . we have more freedom , of course within the bound of our parent rule . but with independece come responsiblity and i firmly believe that young people take this responsibilty not a a burden , but a a chance . in germany there are several volunteer based organisation , only led by some staff member , but made effective by their large volunteer basis . church - , a well a non-profit - and government-organisations . in these organisation most of the volunteer are young people . they can contribute the time and are willing to contribute the effort to improve something in their community . because of my experience a a volunteer in the afs ( american field service , the world-leader in student exchange ) and another church-organisation i take the freedom to discus the motivation of young people to engage in these activity . it is a plattform to communicate and connect with other young people , while improving your own `` soft-skills '' and helping a worthy project . that seems like a very good oportunity . young people know that they are helping , but in my opinion there is no reason not to have fun while doing it . the discussed statement implies an older speaker , a grown-up , who belief that in his time , young people were doing more for their community , that he in his youth wa doing more , than young people do today . maybe the kind of work changed over the course of year a well . today these volunteer organisation make food ralleys , fundraise money doing car-washing or make benefit tombola , while in the past , `` helping your community '' wa maybe more like collecting trash from the community garden . helping your community ha become more attractive over the course of time for young people and there are a lot of young people doing this kind of work , but maybe the area of this work have changed so that for a outside viewer it look like le is done .