some people prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide , but some of the others prefer to travel alone or with a couple of partner . in my opinion , i do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . there are three reason based on my experience convince me that the best way to travel is alone or with partner . first of all , self-organized travel maintains personal preference on route . it would be dipressed that some place one wish to visit are not on the tour list . to travel alone hat the benefit of choosing whatever one like and whereever one want to go . for me , traveling is a self discovering adventure . without the freedom to make decision during the travel is lack of the meaning of traveling it own . secondly , i prefer to organize a tour on one own because one would learn more and get the most of the period of time . from collecting information of the destination and researching the cultural difference , one abtaines so much more knowledge along with the planning . furthermore , planning the schedule would help one to get the basic knowledge of the trip . on the contrary , in a group led by a tour guide limit the possibility to explore interresting fact of different culture and also limit people 's incentive to get more to know about the backgroud of the place . thirdly , the flexible schedule make travel more enjoyable . everyone who had followed a tour trip had had such experience of rushing to follow the schedule . self-organized travel is flexible that one can make decision based on the weather , health condition , or even mood . for example , if one get too tired from yesterday schedule , one can just sleep more until the the energy get back . flexible schedule not only adjust the personal condition better , but also brings out unexpected surprise during the trip , which is one the most wonderful part of traveling . for example , five minute late for the bus might lead one to another route , but the other way which le traveled by might be more beautiful than the original plan . in conclusion , there are so much more fun to travel alone or with a couple of partner rather than following the fixed schedule . in my opinion , the most momorial moment in a travel are those which i did not expect .