i disagree that it is important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for the to learn fact because in today world , in order to achieve success a careful planning is needed and planning can not be done without fact and figure . for instance , if a scientist ha an idea or a belief , than he need to experiment it to get fact that support the belief and than when he get this supportive fact than the theory becomes a law and would accepted universally . so , in order to prove any thought belief and idea the fact are required . moreover , student should learn about fact and this will not only help them in their future job but also in every desicion either personal or professional which they make , will be much more realiable and result would be certain and fruitful . while knowledge and understanding of idea and concept is also nesseary a without them the person would not be able to set goal in live and direct his full energy to achieve it nor he will be able to gain success in life . for example , suppose an employee ha been given a project . so , the employee need to study it than understand the concept , plan a idea , plan a stratergy , do research and find factsand figure which support the concept and on the basis of these fact he could also estimate the profit and submit the report , than the deal would be signed and succes in profit desired would be achieved and his work would be appreciated and he might get reward for it . thus the knowledge of concept and idea is important but fact are the evidence thus , when support the former than it is implemented and the success is confirmed . whereas , the employee could also complete the report by indicating the fact and figure and submitting it , but an efficient , employee would study find pro and con and evaluate the deal ability to provide desired profit that are expected by the owner and thus work for betterment of his company . therfore , the knowledge of both idea and concept and fact are important a they are interrelated , but without fact the idea or concept do not have any significance .