i totally agree witrh this statement . taking risk and trying new thing can make a person more creative . in addition , trying new thing can make a person become more confident about himself/herself . a successful person is not willing to live a boring life . first of all , trying news thing is the basic requirement for people who want to become successful . successful people are ambitious and passionate about life . success can not lack of risk and attempt . invention need creative mind while crestive mind need trying of new thing . many famous scientist eventually become successful only because they are willing to try many different kind of thing . without the courage of taking risk , they would never innvent so many ` impossible thing ' . so , successful people want to try new thing because they have creative mind . secondly , trying news thing can make a person feel more confident about himself or herself . at the same time , confidence is required by people who want to be success . for example , if a man is doing his new experiment , he ha tried more than five hundred time to test the experiment , he may eventually gain priceless conifidence once he accomplishes the experiment successfully . successful business esalways have some risk . thus , in order to become successul in business world , people have to take some risk . as long a they get through the risk , then they would taste the fruit of success . lastly , a successful man doe not want to live a normal and boring life because he is ambitious and passionate about his life . people can learn precious feeling from failure , gain important experience from the risk . thus , successful people want to gain the valuable experience and feeling in the process of success . in conclusion , since people can gain important experience from the process of trying new thing and taking risk to become successful , the successful people would not do what they already know how to do . in addition , successful people can gain confidence which is the basic requirement for success . successful people are so creative that they must have a grast interest in try new thing .