someone say that the art of advertising it 's the art to tranform something you usually do n't even think about into something not only desiderable , but indespensable to fulfill your intimate need and desire . given that a an assumption , it 's easy to understand how ad ' expert make use of the finest and more sophisticated technique to present their product and service to the general public of consumer . it 's common sense that `` it 's the first impression that count '' . this is even more important when it come to the market . in particular when the average , not outstanding , characteristic of a product or of a service must face a competitive environment to gain market share and to build long term trust by their customer . this is why a `` little lie '' at first sight is necessary , most of time even accepted and comprehended by the customer , a it is in love affair . techniques are uncountable and may vary significatively according to the category of product or specific item presented to the public . one of the most used technique is to show a picture of the product which is far more attractive than the product itself . guess who ha never been disappointed by the slimmy sandwich that come out from a mc donald 's packaging comparing to the beautiful , inviting and gnammy picture that you can see behind the server while you are waiting in the line ? someone call them `` sweet lie '' or `` innocent lie '' , that could be tolerated and accepted if we are still talking about sandwich or candy but when it come to product or service that can tremendously affect people 's life and health , then it come the need for a more critical approach to the discussion . in many country , advertising agency have developed over the year a code or a set of regulation to discipline the way advertising is conducted . even if these effort are worthly of support i personally think that the consumer are the final judge and they will determine the success or the failure of a product also according to the gap between how it 's presented and how it really is . they say `` lie sometimes are sweater than reality '' , probably it 's true but we all know that lie have short leg in the end .