throughout our education life , we have been subject of different kind of teaching style . some teacher teach through making the student learn the fact , while others try to make student understand the rationale behind the fact . also \ , no matter what the teaching style of the instructor is , some student focus on understanding the idea while others prefer to learn the fact . in my opinion , a student should first try to understand the idea and concept rather than learning the fact , because idea help student build a vision , they are more implementable and they are easier to keep in mind . first of all , when a student understands a new concept , it add to that individual ' vision . every concept or idea you understand make you a person with a larger view of life . it will help you see daily event see in a different way . however , if you only learn the fact , they will be minor memory in your brain ; they wo n't help you built your personal experience quota . for example , when i learned about some concept of behavior in my ` organizational behavior ' class , my perspective of looking to my everyday relation have changed enormously . second , once an individual understands a concept or an idea , that will be implementable to every situation she/he will face in the future . while that individual is trying to make a decision on something , that concept will automatically come to his/her mind thus helping with the solution . for example , at enginnering college , i learned the concept of ` muda ' which is a japon word for loss . if our professor only taught it by a specific fact saying that you should eliminate any extra loss in a specific machine , then that would be too narrow . however , she taught u the concep so i could implement it to my light at home . forgetting your light turned on while you are not in the room casus muda wh'ch is a loss that can be eliminated . lastly , concept and idea that are understood well are easier to keep in mind whereas specific fact memorized are harder to remember after a certain period of time . i remember reading in amn article that you forget 75 % of the thing you memorize in the first 24 hour and 90 % percent in the second day . therefore , the fact learned wo n't be with you for a long time ; however , the idea that you managed to understand will stay with you for a lifetime . as a conclusion , i definitely agree with the statement suggesting that student ' understanding of idea is more crucial than their learning of fact . students should focus on understanding the concept because the idea will be more permanent , they will be more applicable and they will help them create better view of life .