i agree with this statement . young man nowadays tend to do only their private thing , including playing sport , or studying . i feel that they should give more time to helping their community . this practice will lead more people to be related with their community . in these day , the relationship between individual and community , from fammilies to the city or the town where they live , become lesser and lesser . this situation might lead some problem , such a , the collapse of the fammilies and the increase of the crime . for example , in these ten year , we saw a lot of dangerous crime which were occured by childrens were happened quite frequently . for example , about seven year ago , some fourteen year old boy killed seven people included five-year old girl , in japan . not only the case of japan , in the united states , a boy who had a gun occupied the school and some student were injured . this kind of serious crime are happened all over the world . i think we should change this situation , which people are isolated indivudually against their community , and that will prevent young people 's crime . so i will reccomend two resolution to resolve the problem . first , we should make young people to help their community through their school life . for example , we will make some agreement that school boy and girl should go to some place a volunteer . through this experience , they will know they have a responsibility to their community , and even though they are still young , they could help other person . secondly the adult people should lead young people a a model . infact , in these day even adult do not help their community , so before they will say to the young people , they should refine themselves . however , some people might argue that today 's young people doe not have enough time to spend for their community , because they are too busy for their private matter . like in japan , child should study hard to get into the good universtiy , and get the good job , so they usually go to the private school , in addition to the normal school . this kind of situation will make them difficult to help their community . so to this problem , i want to say that we , adult , should change our social structure and this school-oriented society . i can understand the problem which the young people have , but i hope they will change their attiude and we , adult and young people , will live peacefully in the future .