i do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . there are many disadvantage to follow the tour guide . even getting a tour guide can be harmful and dangerous for tourist . first of all , when you follow the tour guide to see around the city which you want to see and travel , you only can see place in which the tour guide show you and your group . you can not find out around of city . everytime there are some limitation which are made by the tour guide . for example , you want to see other side of city , but there is a certain travel program which includes to see certain place in the city . you have to follow the travel program . second of all , people who are from that city can understand that you are tourist . this sutation ha some dangeours point . they can cheat on you or sell kind of present thing to you much more expensive . for example , when you go to a store for shopping , if they understand that you are a foreigner or a tourist they can try to sell many thing much more expensive , but if you travel alone and you can speak the language of that country which you want to see they can not understand that you are a foreigner or a tourist . so people who are from that country or that city can sell thing to you in original price . third of all , is traveling with group not expensive activity but also it is a so dangerous . there are many terrorits people or group who want to kidnapp to tourist and foreigner people to come true their bad purpose . those kind of people can realize that you are a tourist , because you are travelling with the group and following the tour guide . they can kidnapp you and kill you . furthermore they can use you for their purpose . that situtaion happenned the tourist many time . those people killed the tourist or got money from the tourist of family . in above , there are many advantage about traveling alone and following the tour guide . the quite proverb say that `` it doe not matter whatever travelling alone and following tour guide cost , people can listen their heart and make their way for travelling . '' that 's why we have to travel alone .