as the famous saying go `` necessity is mother of invention '' the necessity ha no doubt lead to various invention . many great people have learned to find new thing and discovered and invented great thing in all sphere of life . as these people worked hard to try new thing and later came to know about the risk invoved in it . well according to be i would definitely agree the first statement that is successfull people try out new thing and take risk involved in it , rather than only doing the thing what we already know how to do well . people who want to be known have to be different in their own way . as i believe that `` winners do n't do thing diffently , but they do thing differently '' . being successfull is every indivisuals dream come true . different people have different view , hence there is probability to learn differently . hence instead of learning the thing what have already known aur performed by someone else will be quite monotonic and boring . though knowledge should be gained about the already heared subject , but inventing or discovering something on our own will be quite lot interesting and exiciting . a hardworker and dedicated man who ha a zeal to win in his particular field often taste the flavour of success . trying new thing and doing research work sound exiciting to me . i remember during my undergraduate program lesson i had assisted my very honoured lecturer in his research work in electrical department , a this is my major i wa really very excited about it . but through my experience i have learnt that trying out new thing is not just excitement but real hardship attatched to it . learning through trial and error method is not just fun but ha pain and turmoil and dedication and hardwork required . i have learned many valuable lesson through this course of study . i had got to know the importance of lecturer in a student life . i remember my lecturer wa a great person he not only allowed me to learn with him but also helped me to understand it through trial and error method . he wa one of my favourite lecturer and guide . at the end i would conclude on a note that being successful is not a matter of a day or two it requires hardwork and consistency . as we say that `` success doe not come to you , you go to it '' ! . hence i would agree that successful people try and take risk rather than only doing what we have already known and know how to do it well .