selfish young people what differentiates humanbeing from other living creature is his / her ability to think and behave accordingly . helping to each other is one of the most important property of humanity in this respect . however , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . there exist three important reason of this fact . first reason is young people begin to have an isolated life . second is competition between people increased and the last one is the fact that no one appreciates helping . young people begin to have an isolated life since life condition force them to do so . the daily requirement of the life such a going to work , earning money , taking care of child if exist , the obstacle arising from the technological development such a traffic jam , increased work load , the must to have a speedy life and the need to have a private time period for themselves make people to ignore other people and other people 's need . young people , in which i am also included , just care their need , their priority , their life and themselves because existing life condition do not allow them to spend time for others . the second reason why young people do not give enough time to helping their community is the increased competition between individual . since it is now more difficult to enter in the college you really want , or to get the job you desire , or just to get promotion , young people keep all their knowledge , ability and skill in themselves . they do not share them with others and they do not help in term of sharing information . the last and the most important reason why young people do not help to their community is the fact that no one appreciates them . the main aim of people is nowadays just to make use of other people , not to share something . if you help someone , he/she doe not thank to you or doe not get a reason to help to you next time you need . that is why , people think that there is no need to help others if they will not appreciate . in conclusion , may be it seems selfish not to spend enough time to help other people ; however , a mentioned above life condition and attribute of other people force young people to do so . .