this question can be answered differently depending on the context we are speaking about : if we are looking at the professional environment , i tend to disagree with this statement , whereas a regard the personal life , i would rather agree with this asumption . fistly in the professional world , my opinion is that is it better to know deeply well a subject or a to be particularly performant in one specific competence , than to know how to do a little of everything ! it is quite obvious , especially in big company , that you are designed for a mission that people want you to perfom the most correctly a possible , and even better , to be really good in your specific job , impressive and reliable at the same time . it is useless to be capable of accomplishing some of the task of each service but do be unable to occupy a function in it totality . i do not have the same point of view concerning the personal life : indeed , i think that having broad knowledge of many subject , either academic or cultural , is really more valuable and useful than having knowledge only in one or two particular field . because all the time when you are speaking with people about all the subject others than the one you are competent about , you look completely ignorant and stupid . however , i think that what every person tends to do inconciously is to focus on some subject that raise her interest , and for which it requires le effort to memorize information about . it even doe not require any effort at all to learn thing about something that anyway passionate you , it is rather a pleasure . one exaple in my personal experience is that i am fond of horseriding , and consequently know a lot of thing on my favorite hobby , but all this knowledge is one i meanwhile do not have on other subject . the problem of knowing a lot of answer on a lot of different topic is a problem that i know well , a what i am trying to improve in my daily life is my personal broad knowledge . during the whole of my initial school training , that is to say until the french lycee , i completely disinterested myself of all the academic lesson that bring you with general knowledge , such a history , geography , litterature . to me , at that time , these lesson where of no interest in my daily life , but today i struggle to recover my lackings , because they are sometimes useful in the daily life , but rather more because now my interest finally waked up towards a lot of various subject . also because travelling open the horizon , the spiritual and philosophical awareness , i hope i will have the opportunity to accumulate a lot of experience in my future life , and that my child will have this chance too . it is really a trap , the fact to limit oneself to one 's daily life and specialized professional task or context , and to stay in one 's own routine . we should try to learn new thing every day and to take initiative , to take profit of all the treasure of life