although the stated statement look unbelievable , but i agree to the point mentioned and is based on following : first , almost government of all country are concentrating on improvement and betterment of public mode of transport . i believe this will have an sound effect on the number of car getting diminished . the public mode of transport being cheaper and safer than car would provide better option and convenient journey to common man in contrast to the situation now . second , the ever growing fuel price will force common man to rethink on using personal car for day to day use . the fuel price have been sky rocketting and according to the study this pattern would continue for year to come . some may cast doubt on this study by arguing that fewer car would automatically bring down the demand for fuel and hence price . as a matter of fact , car are not the only demander of fuel . fuel is used in various industry , airplane , ship , bus etc . third , the very fact that global economy is doing well is a factor responsible for number of car present . economy doing well increase the purchasing power of the common man . but this fairy tale might not continue for long . again going by history patern and economic guru , a slowdown or correction in economy is due and expected to continue for atleast 10 year . this slowdown will automatically bring down the purchasing power of common man a well a the loan providing facility by financial institution which ha assisted people to buy car on a rampage . the rate of interest will go higher which will not allow common man to even think of going for the loan . finally , when we talk of economic slowdown , the price of some essential commodity will surge like that of steel . we all know that steel is major raw material in car manufacturing . now if the raw material cost go up , it will automatically augment the input cost . hence to increase bottomline on balance sheet , car manufacturer will increase the car price which will drill hole in common man 's pocket . this can be exemplified by recent spur in price of car by gm . taking in account the factor stated above , it is crystal clear that reduction in number of car is inevitable in coming year .