successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing thing that they already know how to do well . i actually agree to this argument the reason being the following . success doesnt come to any person overnigt . it is achieved by an individual through dedication , hardwork and knowledge . few people think that success is got only by luck , i do agree to this but it happens very rarely and the success that is achieved by mere luck isnt permanent at all . any person wo ha tasted the essence of success consecutively for a coule of time would have learnt it only by the hard and straight way . a successful person would have tested all the possibility to achieve success . he would have exploited soo many possibilites that he wouldnt get scared to go on taking new risk since he know that before he take that risk he need to do some study on the same cause knowledge is an imporatant path to success . i would say that his attitude towards the situation is also an important key to success . he would'nt ever say that a problem is difficult cause if it was'nt difficult it would'nt be called a problem at all . when a successful person chooses to take a risky path for example take over a company which is going on loss . the person will surely analyze the reason for the failure and once the reason for failure are found out it is quite easy to be rectified . since that person know how to approach thing in a systematic way he brings the company back to form without any doubt . there are many real time example of successfull company buying smaller company running in loss for le value and then developing the company to such a position that it see so much profit in the frst year of purchase itself . we see that there are so many successful company that are expert in a certain product like for example detergent would jump into introducing a shampoo product and gain lot of profit through the same . hence iam sure any successful person would try new thing since they will want to taste more of success in every field they enter and that too with new idea and experiment . hence summing up all the above said point i would say that a successful person would surely seek different way to carry on with his success cause he know the tactis . above all he also know the three key point dedication , hardwork and knowledge combined with the right attitude lead to the success of any person in any field .