i agree that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . in fact , i believe that in any mature market , this embellishment of the truth on the part of the advertisement is inevitable . it all begin from the fact that usually , most company do n't have the luxury of being in a product space where they have a monopoly . this mean that they are continously competing with each other to sell their product . this mean that they have to constantly innovate to try and make a better product . but the innovation doe n't stop just at the production , it continues into the selling stage and that 's where advertisement come into the picture . now in an ideal world , an advertisement would be indistinguishable from the specification of the product . a company would just state the feature of the product in a technically accurate manner and let the buyer decide . unfortunately , in the real world , usually , the buyer is a human being , which mean that he most probably doe n't have the time , patience or even at time the expertise to make a decision based on just the specification . this mean that the information provided to the buyer need to be summarized into simpler and easily digestable form . it is this gap between the real specification and the information provided to the customer that advertisement really become an important tool in boosting sale . thus while summarizing the information , advertisement give the company the opportunity to smooth over the defect and accentuate the good quality of the product . to take an analogy , the same way make-up enhances a woman 's beauty , advertisement enhance a product 's appeal . also , considering that only that much can be done to improve sale on the production side ( for example , how much innovation can really be done in a tooth-brush ? ) after some time , advertisement are left a the only viable alternative to push sale . and once one company start advertising , the others have to naturally follow which soon degenerate into a rat race of who can bend the truth more . therefore , one end up with ` new-improved ' shampoo where the only thing that ha been improved is the label , health equipment which can make you lose weight almost instanteously , and tooth-paste which can land you that dream-job or man .