should student pay more attention to understanding concept and idea rather than learning fact ? there ha been much debate over this topic . i strongly agree with the view that it is important for student to learn and understand idea and core concept a compared to learning fact . this is because of several reason . first , the understanding of idea and concept help in innovation . if student have a good grasp of concept then they can apply them effectively in different and new area leading to innovation . on the other hand , factual knowledge is limited and is not extensible . the fact can only be cited out or reused but they can not be always extended for innovation . second , the factual knowledge is easier to obtain and there are several source for it . a student may not even need to go to the best school or may not need to work with best teacher to gain the fact based knowledge in a better way . a person who might have never attended a school may also know many fact . on the other hand , when student study at best school then they can gain a lot more by understanding concept and idea from the teacher and professor a compared to focusing more on fact based learning . they can engage themselves in research work in order to understand and analyze the different concept learnt from their course curriculum . third , fact are stated and it may not be always possible to verify them . students have a lot of potential to learn and indulge themselves more in digging deep into the idea in order to verify them . if they focus more on the fact based knowledge then they will not use this potential . understaning of concept and idea make them to explore more into their field of study and get more benefit out of the study . lastly , there is more possibility that the fact based knowledge coulb be lost if not refreshed after a period of time and the fact are also subject to change . on the other hand , the understanding of idea and concept is more logical in it approach and it is difficult to forget it because student learn them by understanding them through in depth analysis . although , argument can be made for both the side of this statement , i think there are more advantage for the student by understanding idea and concept a compared to the learning based on fact .