nowadays it 's verry common to travel in a group . it 's possible to travel all over the world in many different group . for many people it 's the best way to travel . they mean it 's more interesting and it 's also easier to organize . you just have to go to a travel agent and sign up for the trip . for me it 's not the right way to travel . i like to go my own way may be together with a friend . i do n't like to travel in a big group . together with a friend you have more freedom to organize your own route . on the other hand , it 's normaly much cheaper . the first reason i prefer to travel for myself is the freedom . i had the expirience in a group . we just saw that what the guide want to show . all the place we saw were verry crowded with other tourist . when you organize a trip together with a friend you can choose your own route , you can decide what you will see . you also can choose some hidden place , but this place are sometimes much more interesting . you can choose place they are not so crowded with many other people . you can say when you will arrive and when you will go . you are more independent when you travel for yourself . the second reason is because it 's normaly cheaper to travel for yourself . i prefer to sleep in a hostel . i wa last week in hawaii . i slept in a hostel . one night wa just twenty dollar . to travel with a group in hawaii is verry expensive . i could afford this trip to hawaii just because i selpt in a hostel . otherwise the trip would be to expensive . when you sleep in a hostel you can normaly use a kitchen there . the food is this way also much cheaper . normaly you spend an abundant amount of money just to feed yourself . when you cook for yourself it 's cheaper and you can cook what ever you like . you can take also a public bus to travel . this way is much cheaper than a expensive tourbus . in conclusion i prefer to travel for myself because i can go my own way . i 'm not dependent form a whole group and a guide . it 's also affordable for my wallet . traveling is verry nice and every person sould do .