in my opinion , traveling world with group led by a tour guide is a waste of time and money . first of all , while they give you time to explore place , it 's a time very short time , so you miss out on lot of thing that is necessary . secondly , crumped in a bus that drive for hour and hour without knowing anybody or anywhere just is n't a fun thing to do . finally , some tour guide do n't even know what they are talking about , and do n't talk when they are suppose to , so you have to take risk on picking the right time and date . let 's say that you went to an university of harvard , and they have lot to see like the science center , and famous people who graduated in that place like bill gates . so the tour guide tell you to explore place within half an hour which is a very short period of time in such a large place . so while you are looking at unnecessary thing , time go by , and you miss out on the importants thing like the golden statue . also if you do n't make it in time for the bus , they all complain about waiting for you eventhough it is just for a minute . eventhough , you go to place with your family or friend , they have lot of other people in the bus who is traveling with you . you could get bored only by talking to your family member or your friend . but some people do n't care , because they also have tv 's in the bus to entertain you , but it only entertains me a bit . then all you here is chattering going on and on beside you and infront of you . you ca n't tell them to be quite , because they will point finger at you and even curse you . the other thing are that if you want to sleep , and lean back your chair a bit , they complain to you how unfortable it is which is very annoying . the great wall of china . it ha lot of history and legens to it . surely , people want to know about it , but the tour guide doe n't even say a word about it , and even he talk aloud , he doe n't know what he is saying . well i am not saying that every tour guide act like that , but if you pick the wrong time and date , you must face the consequence . therefor , i disagree with the statement . first of all , the tour guide do n't give you the right timing for you to explore place . secondly , you barely know anybody in the bus except for people who came with you , and finally the tour guide would stink if you picked the wrong bus .