i totally agree with this statement because of several reason . first of all i want to mention an experience . in my final class at school i got a complete different type of teacher in the history course . the previous one wanted u to learn date . the new teacher organised his lecture completely different . for him it wa important that we understood the whole picture , the process of history and the relationship between important event in time instead of learning date . that wa very interesting and much easier to learn because everybody understood why the thing happened and in which chronology . from my point of view it is important that the student \ pupil have fun by learning the objective . to understand the idea is in my opinion always more interesting than learning fact . the next point in my argumentation is the importance of understanding the idea itself . if somebody doe not understand the idea behind for example an economic model he can not explain what he calculated . another example is if somebody did not get the message of marketing and how it functionates , he probably will write a good test because he learned the marketing ps or something like this , but he will never be able to work a a marketer . the reason for this is that he did not understand the concept behind marketing and probably will not remember the 4 ps , although he had learned them . here we are at my third point . the remembering of something . if somebody ha understood anything it should be no problem for him to remember this idea after a long period of time . it is in his mind . he will never forget it because he understood the reason , the porpuse behind the concept . for this argument it is also important to look at the circumstance the idea wa established . by understanding how the idea came upon it is also easier to understand the idea itself . at the end i want to say , that i am really thinking that understanding something is more important then learning only the fact , although sometimes it ha to be .