today , gaining braodband information gain more anf more importance with the development of science and technology , basically , the academic environment is the one who follows the technology more closely than the other institution and company . it can be easily stated that the people who want to be involved in so much information should be in the acdemic environment . the people who invented new thing that changed our life had come from the academic envirenment . for instace , take a look into the history of science and technology . you will confront with einsteins , pasteurs and etc . the common thing in all these people is that these people come from academic . in my opinion , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . if you again take a look at the history , you can easily see that the invention had been made by people who can combine their knowledge from different area . for instance , did you know einstein wa working a a patent officer before he came up with the famous relativity theory . this fact should not be a surprise for anyone because he wa reading lot of patent document during his work in patent office . he combined these subject that he had gained from patent and his academic experience . it is also good to be an expert in one academic area but the person , who build his academic carrer in this way , is generally limited with the information in one area . the good thing is that he know all the detail of informaton in one area with an enormous depth but it generally requires to have intemediate level of informaton in all academic area to come up with innovative idea . these people who have information in all area take information from the expert in specific area . i think that it is generally better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . the history of innovation is full of people with intermediate level of information from all academic area . think again if a person can go much further in general if he is an expert of only a small academic subject .