it discussed that these day , the youth do not give enough time to helping their community . i agree with the statement . compared to past , yougn people do not have enough time to help their community . it is partly due to change of social envrionments . this esay will discus two reason why young people do not give enough time to helping their community in based on social change . first of all , living cost are getting higher than past . consequently , young people have to work hard and improve their skill . for example , in last 50 year , buying a house is not cost alot compared to nowadays . they do not try to make more money to buy a house but they also want to spend money for their entertaintments . most of young people enjoy traveling around country or even overseas . they take more time to having hobby or enjoy their life . moreover , they also improve their knowledge wich is quite related to their job such a computer skill or learning other language in their spare time . they do not have choice to work hard to living well and a society requires the ablilities from young people . secondly , young people do not concern their community unlike past . it is because that the social envrionments are changed . in the past , member of community spend time with their neighbers like a big family . it is because that they work together to farming or work in the smae company . however , these day young people are more concern about themselves than their community . they do not go to the same company or even same school . developing of communication technology make possible to communicate with many people including living in distant area . ironically , due to the developed technology such a internet or video game which most of young people like those people lose time to interact with member of community . they can call them or meet up on internet . because of this social mood , young people do not take care about community . in conclusion , young people do not give enough time to helping their community due to . however , it is not only fault of young people . it is because of the social change . the living cost are rapidly increasing and social mood are changed to care about more individual issue . in my personal oppnion of this , local community should try to bring more concern from the young people to help their community .