over century , starting almost with the founding of the first university , the ideal of a completely educated person wa dominant on the european continent - somebody who master ancient language a good a he is at natural science or even the art . and on the other end of the line ? there wa the specialist , soley focused on his subject , almost an idiot in his single-mindedness . but the time have changed . with today fast growing amount of scientific knowlege and the fast pace of research - new finding published almost every day - no one can know everything these day anymore . so the specialist , who wa laughed at only 150 year ago , seems now to be the ideal of an educated person . however i think one should try to take the best part of both educational ideal for oneself . and my suggestion to make this possible , is not to try to gain broad and specific knowledge at the same time , but one after the other . during primary and secondary school there is plenty of time to teach the student different subject and viewpoint . even if it seems to be a waste of time because there wo n't be an opportunity to use the attained thing later on , it will still widen the student mind and help him organizing thing s/he learns later on . for example , when i went to secondary school , i wa taught latin and ancient greek - which both do n't serve much purpose in today world , but it helped me not only to study french and spanish easily but also told me a lot about european history and mythology , what is quite important for job i do now . on the other side , when somebody enters university or ha already studied some year , it 's time to take a decision and choose a subject or a focus for his graduate time . because of the above mentioned imense amount of available knowledge , this focusing on one field is propably the only way to be really good at it . ( which again is in my opinion the main party in doing something ) . so my ideal is somebody who ha a broad basis of knowledge , which make him able to decide , based on the broad basis , in which subject he want to specialise in later .