it is a common thinking that in few year there will be fewer car in use then there are today ; it is not known if it will happen in twenty year or in a longer time but i definetely think that it will happen . there are a lot of explanation and a lot of reason about the inevitability of the problem but the main reason is to be found in the very different condition which charchterize different part of the world . we live in a world were a little part of the population is rich , healthy and with an high standard of life . but this part of the world live pretending that their condition is the major one and ignoring ( or pretending to ignore because they do n't want to face the truth ) that there is all the rest of the world which life in a desperate situation of poorness , dea and death . that 's why the occidental tradition allowed itself to do n't care about this dramatic situation and to exploit the resource of the third world in order to get benefit , money and interest . this horrible situation is reflected very well in the problem of the petroul . all the resource of the black gold are in these poor area of the world and they could be a good chance of developing for the people of this area but the problem is that they are in the hand of the multinational company which abuse of the country , which exploit the resourses and which have no respect for the inhabitant ' human right . the problem is so spread that it includes many problem which are for istance the politics envolved in the matter petroul . this is a very important problem and it can be quantified that the most part of the war of nowaday and of the war to be have common point in the interest generated by the petroul . the last point which is important to analize is the fact that the petroul , in the way it is produced and in the way it is used a gasoline , produce a huge and uncontrolled pollution which is the cause of enormous problem like the most known is theglobal warm . considering all these aspect and many others a important a the one analyzed it is obvious that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use then there are today . it remains to decide if there will be fewer car because we responsably decided to stop to cause problem to the earth and to the whole humananity or if there will be fewer car because we used all the petroul available which mean that we will live in a world destroyed by the pollution and the wors and conseguetely near to it end .