i agree that successful people do find new thing from there experienced knowledge . because there is nothing is not invented by the people , how the new thing are producing day by day . so , people used to try for the new thing by apllying there skill and ability on the pertucular work . definitely one day they get success in there feild . like nowadays we are using different thing which are we dont know how they are made and invented . behind thereid most hard work and greal knowledge of people who inventing them . trying to find new thing is very much intrested and more imagination power should require . people are very talented that they are inventing different type of new thing , that we ever seen before . these successful people are very intresting person because their thought are amazing , unpreditable . because they have greate talent , good knowledge in their work , and mainly the strong ability to do the work by any cost time . they are very energetic to find new thing . but the people who are doing in the work which is already know by them is not a greate thing . because doing the regular work brings u boring and tired at work . then they become the lazy fellow . their 's mind alway taking rest . they do n't want to take risk in their life . its not a good idea . they have to think in different way like how the world is moving fast . how the people grow day by day . such a new idea brings them also in a sufficient way . finally , i concluded that successful people will always stand at top of world . they get many oppertunities to develope new thing for their company and the society . successful people never work for them , they work for the nation and for the owl world . successful people are like the scientist , they think always diffrerently . but think positive and good for all . these people had many idea in there mind and they enable put them in practicle . they should have greate future . `` a successful people will try until get the good result , and never stop trying ''