i agree that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . nowadays , advertisement are every convinient . we can simply stay our home and buy anything we want without going anywhere . however , we should know that advertisement are not only for customer , but also retailer . in order to sell more product , advertisement make the product seems better than themselves . eventhough they do not want to buy them , retailer let them consider buying the product . in my opinison , the reason why we think the product are actually better than themselves are , inaccurate estimation , skilled retailer 's saling . first , we have a lot of way to get information , such a internet , or tv show . since these are immediate enviroment for our modern society , the advertisement affect u a lot . however , beause of the well established network , customer tend to buy the product without seeing them . if we do not see the product , le likely estimated accurately . for example , e-bay is the major shopping tool these day . we buy product without seeing them . i have a experience that the test i bought seems like intact from the picture on the internet , however , it wa water damaged . if i could get the text at bookstore , i will not have this kind of problem . second , there are many well developed way to sell a product . they know what the customer want . they like to buy a nice product with unexpensive price . it can be le expensive than reasonable price . the retailer use discount or limiting number of selling product and try to attract customer attension . in this moment , customer tend to think it is reasonalble or not rather than it is good product or not . therefore , the price of product distruct the customer ' attension toward price . to conclude , beauce of inaccurate estimation and distructing by the price of product , we seems buy product wich are actually not a good a they expected . therefore , we should aware of what we want , and what we need . we should think twice that advertisement are not a good a we think . in this way , we le likely think that advertisement make product seem much better than really are .