from birth to death , life is a precious thing that we should enjoy everydays . older people have probably more thing to enjoy life such a time , money and experience but i think that young people have more opportunity to do so . these oportunities are for the most important , the youth of their body which can allow them of more activity and the lack of responsabilities . first , most of young people 's body are in shape . their muscle and tissue are tight and they have a good breathing . this fact allow them to enjoy outside and inside activity or different sport like tennis , soccer or football who requires a good breathing , muscle in shape and a good endurance . an other example would be the practice of extreme and sometimes dangerous sport such a snowboarding or skyflying , parachute , a young person is more able to do it than an old person who can be scared to break something . all these activity are fun and make you spend a great time , especially with a group of friend . an other significant example is the sexually life in a couple . i know this matter can be difficult to talk about for some people but i think that it 's still part of enjoying life , especially if you love your partner . a young person is sexually more active than an old one and it is also part of enjoying life to have a good sexual life . being in shape secondly , the young people do n't usually have any responsabilities such a child , spouse or important job . they are free of their movement and can live their life a they intend to before they get stuck in a stable situation , when it will be almost impossible to do so . in that case , they are free to enjoy life in the fullest . for example , travelling is a good way to have a great time and learn about different country and culture . of course an old person can still travel but they wo n't have the same dynamisn if they are really old or the same freedom if they have a family behind them . for instance , a child can stop you in doing adult activity . to conclude , i think that life is much more enjoyable when you are young for a lot of reason such a the body 's ability , the freedom , friendship and party . so young people should n't lost time and enjoy life while they can before becoming adult .