i completely agree that successful people try new thing in contrast to failure peple who are put in by somebody else to face new thing . it is the successful people who lead the front . these people try to enhance the capability of which they have already tasted success , explore new manner of doing something or even develop a whole new perspective . success allows a person to think more , do more . it inspires him to stand one step ahead of already achieved bench mark . it call for more concious effort . at the same time the risk involved in such effort is sure to increase . citing an example , the person who commercialized star tv is wa at the peak of his success a a buisiness man when te came up with the idea . taking an amount of risk he invested huge amount . but that wa again an immediate success . the successful people may play a different role to suit the circumstance a in case of sachin tendulkar . he is one of the best batsman of cricketing history . as he became successful , he started changing role from a person who is only interested in making run a quickly a possible to someone who stand all through the inning . this would n't have been afforded by any body else because there is great chance of him be out of the team . also there might be people who may give an all over new definition to sucess . bill gates , for example is working today for charity giving a new meaning to success . according to me he ha taken a risk by retiring because his input to microsoft might be missing . in fact a complete organization may put itself into risk . indian space research organization ( isro ) after successful testing of pslv ventured again to construct gslv at a point where failure mean disaster to the whole organization and which may question it existence also . the example above clearly depict the manner successful people or organization have taken carried their sucess ahead even after critical risk factor . but it can be clearly concluded that successful people try new thing .