it is always discussed whether young people enjoy life more than older people . old people may have the experience but young people have all the fun . it is clear that young people enjoy life more than older people do . firstly , young people are more open-minded a opposed to older people . older people have always that prejudice about a new topic . on the other hand young people are always eager to try and experience new thing which are very likely to be amusing . but old people generally do not want to try new thing , instead they prefer to sit at home and watch tv . moreover young people have the ability to perform hard physical task but on the contrary old people are not able to skydive for example . a young person can easily do it but an old person can not . there are various example like : diving , horseriding , mountclimbing etc . as the time pass the society change , the tradition change . young people are more familiar with the trend than old people are . for example my grandfather doe not know what an ipod is . that would make them behind of the social phenomenas . they can not keep track of the change that young people can easily adapt to . technology advance , we all know how to use computer and chat but my grandmother doe not know what chatting is . young people are more familiar with the technology and they use it for fun on the other hand old people ca n't . young people may experience new thing . that is what is great about being young , you do not make mistake , you experience . young people do not have restriction such a kid , they do not work a the older people do . so they can go where ever they want and whenever they want . they can travel more freely than older people do . they do not have the responsibility of the kid and they have much more time for themselves . they do not have to go to work everyday instead they may go see a football game in a different city . they do not have to make money , their parent send them money . as the time pass people get lonelier but young people have all their friend to be with or to talk to . to sum up older people may have the experience that young people do n't have but it is clearly obvious that young people enjoy life more than old people do . all living creature get old , but they should live and enjoy their life while they are still young .