in my opinion , it is indeed more important for a student to grasp idea and concept than it is to simply learn all the relevant fact oz heart . what use is the most encompassing accumlation of fact if you can not employ them in a specific context , in other word in relation to a specific conceptual framework ? let u assume for instance that i would know in advance all the relevant fact , that is question , topic and text , important vovabularz that are being used in the toefl test ( which is of course impossible ) . this would not necessarily help me to score high and be effective in my strategy for answering the single question because these question heavily rely on the concept a well a the general context that the single reading passage , lecture and/or conversation elaborate a a whole . of course there are question that pertain to specific detail . yet these detail can not always stand for themselves and be seen independently , but are interwoven within the thematic frame of the text . an example of this would be the word ` romanticist ' . as a fact stated within a class on british poetry that term doe not relate to topic of romance and the love between to people . however , in another context such a an everyday conversation with my friend in a pub , me claiming to be a ` romanticist ' can very well indicate these thing ( although in real life i would probably just use the adjective and say that i am ` romantic ' ) . also , and this would be another reason for my argument , fact can either change over time or simple be false depending from what source they come from . for instance , it ha become a well-known fact that the information that is provided by internet site such a the online encyclopedia ` wikipedia ' must not be seen a reliable and 100 % correct because anyone can contribute to it database . to sum up , although it is important to pay attention to all the fact and detail that are being presented one also ha to be extremely careful and attentive when it come to putting these fact into pragmmatic use . also , one constantlz ha to be aware of the fact ( no pun intended ) where the information one is using is coming from . because a several example from history and politics have shown misinformation and the abuse of power can be used to manipulate people 's opinion or to justify certain military operation .