many people consider that learning fact is more important for student than understand idea and concept . i totally disagree with their idea because just getting the fact will eventually give the student trouble when they meet the question that need deeper and creative thinking , also it will weakene the student 's ability to solve question , and give them a idea of studying is boring . the first reason that i agree with the statement is that it is going to let the stuents to think deeper and have more creative thought . for example , republic of korea , where i wa born , force the student to learn the fact rather than understanding the idea and concept . that actually make the student smart because they know the way they have to solve the question . however , when they confront the question that demand the creative thinking or deeper thought , they just do not know what to do and panic becuase they have no idea about solving the question that they did not deal with in the past . that is a really big problem in korea now , so that i certainly do not like the idea of just learn the fact . another reason that i agree with the statement is that it really weakenes the student 's capacity of solving question . learning the fact probably help the student to solve the question that they handled before , but when they confronts with the problem that they never dealed with , they got confused and do not know what to do and how to solve it . therefore , it might seem like a good way to learn in the fist stage , because they can get a good mark by this way , but eventually , when they need to think themselves and find method to solve the question , they will not know what they have to do . final reason that i think it is more important for student to understand idea and concept is they can actually get interest about what they study and find his talent in some subject . for example , nowdays many school teach child in the same way , even though every single of them is different . thus , force them to jsut memorize the fact is not the right way to teach them . that make them think study is boring and killign their ability . they should understand the idea and concept abouut what the question is asking for . in that way , student get interested in the lesson and might find a gift that they have in some area of study . to sum up , i do n't like the idea of just learn fact . in my opinion , understands idea and concept is much better way of study becuae it will give them a creative thinking , better ability to solve question , and interest of what they study . because i am the person who experieced it