i disagree with the statement that `` in 20 year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . '' . because the main reason for the idea of non-existence of the car is due to the non-availability of the fuel that make the car run i.e ; petrol or diesel in next 20 year , but the car can be , made to run with other source like electricity or some of the non-conventional source of energy like solar or wind energy . as we all know that the petroleum and it product would be exausted within two or three decade , but how would the people move , transportation of necessity good would occur without car . so there should be an alternative to be found which is nothing but the non-conventional source like solar energy or wind energy . presently , the scientist are researching in finding an alternative based on two aspect ; one is which doe not pollute the environment and the other is how we can use the present non-conventional resource available with u now and to it best . as the population of the world is growing rapidly day by day , there will be a great necessity of car i.e ; transport . i think for the population to sustain , grow , develop it is necesssary to have the basic amenity like food , water and clothing which ha to be transported to the region which do n't have these amenity . also , according to the recent survey , the luxury , fashion and cost of living is growing in all the country . the presence of car show the richness of the people and the secure travel they can make . so it is necessary that car are essential . as the population is growing , there is and will be a growing demand of car even after 20 year from now . also if some say that `` how in the age of aeroplane and jet , car are used in future ? '' . the answer is that we can not use the flying machine to all the place and if the place is too near mean how would the people use the aeroplane or something . hence the statement `` in twenty year ther will be fewer car in use than there are today. '' is false .