i disagree with the statement that the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community because in my opinion the youth today are much more involved in various activity than before and there involvement show that they do have the time for the community . they are more aware of the condition and are more responsible and are doing everything they can . this statement can be justified by the following example . firstly , the youth today are more aware of the conditons of the society and are willing to make a difference and do there bit to be a part of the difference not considering the time factor . this is understood by studying the statistic of the number of young student signing up for the volunteer organisation today which are only invovled in actually working on the underdeveloped part of the community and various other activity on those line , inspite of this involing some really menial work the youth are not stopped from enrolling into it . secouldly , record of the number of donation coming from university for improving the society also tell u something about them . the student especially when a calamity strike take time out and not being selfish , are seen playing full out to restore the condition of there community . the example of the hurricane khathrina can be taken when student from university all over the us got to together by forming group in there respective university to gather everthing they can to help the victim in all possible way . finally the youth are also observed taking up community service performing service to clean up there own community . they involve al the youth and make it a more fun activity rather than a time consuming one . all these above example justify me disagreeing with the statement of the youth not having time for helping the community . yes the student today do have more challenge than they did and have many more thing to do in there hand to survive in the competitive world but inspite that they do realise the resposibility and being resposible citizen in there respective country all around the world work towards making a difference keeping the time constraint but using it efficiently by not allowing it to come in the way a a reason . thus i would like to conclude by saying that youth today do give time to helping the community because they understand the importance of it more than anybody else .