i disagree with the statement , `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . the following point mentioned below support my argument that , number of car will increase in twenty year . one of the most important thing that contritubuted to the drastic increase in the number of car is there easy availability in the market . fourty year ago in india , only two type car were available , namelly , ambassdor and premeier padmini . one ha to place and order to buy a car and used to get the car delivered six month later the order wa placed . there wa a monopoly existing in the market at that time and and it existed till late 1980 's in india . once the phenomenon globalisation ha been started , it made possible for the customer to have several option when buying a car and ha enabled many people were able to buy car . the ever increasing banking sector also contributed to the increase in the number of car since last ten year . getting finance from a bank to buy a car is lot easy now than it wa some ten year ago . in a recent survey conducted in hyderabad , the capital city of state of andhra pradesh in india , it wa observed the number of car were increased by 20 % compared to the previous year . a mojority of people who bought new car that year had availed finance from bank . this point corroborates that availability of easy finance to buy car will help increasing the nubmer of car being used . off late , the booming it sector had fetched many people well paid job . many of these employed people have been purchasing car . this factor also contributed the rise in the number of car user . this ha happened in the last ten year and seems to grow more strongly in the coming year with the ever expanding it industry . one more thing which also influence the number of car being purchased is their ever decreasing price a a result of the price war between several manufacturer in the market . now in the present scenario , lot of option are available for the customer at a relatively low price compared to earlier . which is driving more people to buy car for their use . all the point mentioned above had happened over the past ten year and there are no reason for that trend to go the other way . i think i am well placed to conclude that number of car in use will increase in the coming year rather than decreasing .