nowadays , we are more and more affected by the advertisement in our everyday life , in which we can hardly avoid facing them . some people would deem that most advertisement are very acurate and truely display the quality of the product , others , in contrast , totally disagree with it which is also my point of view . there are numerous reason to support my idea and i would like to introduce two of the most conspicuous one . first , the purpose of advertisement desides it nature . we know that the advertisement are used for introduction , for which ton of money are invested by the company to make their product well-known and popular . what they expect are the profit , they need the commercial to bring in more money . so of course they want to show the customer the best side of their product , while some time it is true and may not so appliable in other condition . take the soda pepsi for example , in the commercial the pepsi seems like to be so cool and so delicious and drinkable , it can wipe out all of your heat within , but actually any kind of beverage can make it . so the nature of advertisement for making more profit for the company make it display the best point of one product , which make the product seem much better . it might be too arbitrary to deside that most advertisement are `` fake '' only by what i listed above . another reason for my inclination that they are not so accurate lie in the effect of star . the commercial tend to hire star a their spokesman , for example , the film star , sport star and beautiful model . the result are very obvious , make the custom to believe that they can become star if they use the same product , which is an additional function that the product can not actually provide . take a certain brand of eye cream for example , if in the advertisement nicole kidman is introducing this brand , customer will tend to believe that that eye cream will make them a fabulous a nicole , while sadly they may not be . so the effect of the product is enhanced by the star , resulting in the relatively fake impression to the buyer that the product is better . all in all , based on what we have discussed above , we can get the conclusion that although most of the advertisement are true , but the added effect may be fake to some extend .