certain person think that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept then it is for them to learn fact . indeed , the understanding of idea and concept could seem to be more valuable , idea and concept implying abstract thinking and ability to have a reflexion disconnected from the concrete world . however , i think that learning fact is essential and more important for student than the understanding of idea and concept , for the following reason : at first , for young student it is difficult to understand idea and concept . most of their work consists in learning fact , for example by naming object and defining them ( a child will be shown for example a yellow fruit and he will learn that it is a lemon ) . therefore stating that idea and concept are more important would result in considering that most of the thing you learn a a child would not be worth learning . such a position is not defendable . moreover , you can not be able to understand idea and concept if at some point you have not been able to learn fact . most of the time idea and concept derive from observation made with respect to fact . for example the theory of galileo about the rotation of the earth come from observation he ha made in the real world not only from abstract thinking . as a result we may consider that learning fact is essential to the discovery of idea and concept . furthermore , fact may help people to understand idea and concept by illustrating abstract thought . as a result , if you are unable to learn fact you will not be able to understand idea and concept . at last , in certain field , such a history , fact are essential to the comprehension of the subject matter . as history is a succesion of fact , considering that fact are irrelevant or le important than idea and concept , would imply that history is not an important field . such a position could not be agreed with . by way of conclusion , i think that learning fact constitutes an essential step towards the understanding of idea and concept .