as the country of the world progress into the 21st century , the ever-increasing complexity have yet again slapped the question of time-management on the face youngster today . however , i feel the young people of this century have responded splendidly by ensuring enough time for all activity . the youngster 's of today are vibrant , dynamic , filled with an ever-increasing enthusiam to perform , achieve , aim high but in all this they still maintain their standard and attitude towards life . various qutodian example of this can be citied from our society . renowed writer and booker prize winner arundithi roy is a classical example of this . she ha not only helped in the cause of the ` narmada bacho abhiyan ' ( for saving the river of narmada in india from pollution etc . ) by preventing the formation of a dam that would have hampered the flora and the fauna of the region tremendously but ha also added fuel to the fire by gainings wide-spread public sympathy and amenable opinion on this . the founder of ` microsoft ' ( the no1 software firm in the world ) , bill gates ha contributed tremendously towards various social cause like building up cancer hospital , adopting entrie village after the tsunami earthquake and promoting education at all level . this would have definately required him to take out immense amount of time from his work and he stand a a perfect example with whom the youngster of today relate . a very qutodian example can be cited a that of my own society 's ` help the needy ' organisation of which i am an active member . this voluntary organisation aim at heping not only those ( human and animal ) who are needy but also aim at spreading similar feeling and enculcating in the youngster 's of today the very essence of helping their community . at ground level , it can be seen that the youngster of today are striving to help their community and society a a whole by ensuring reform are enacted and implemented correctly . the youngster today are intelligent and discerning and they know that by helping their community and society they are actually helping in making their own future better .