it is early in the morning . sun shine showing u it beautiful , radiant bright . birds sing in melifluous sound . but somewhere in this village , you hear constantly yawning sound of student in a class . the teacher is filling the blackboard with stringent face . the word which are filled with balck board is all about the history of ` the hundred year war ' over france and us . students fall asleep subtly . that wa a brief description of a class in korea . i wa born in korea , and raised in korea , and educated in kroea . and now , in 2006 , i am here in united states of america a sixteen year girl to experience american education which i 've heard that is extremely different from the education that i 've used to have . the first class i had in american high school wa biology . it wa `` literally '' different . i wa shocked in pleasure . the new learning about biology wa a fresh catharsis for me . i learnedabout the system of the cell . actually , i 've learned about it in korea too . but the difference between that same concept is this ; my korean teacher taught me the `` fact '' and my american teacher taught me and helped me the process of understanding idea and concept . she did not force me to memorize fact that i used to do in korea . instead , she had a laboratory with me , together , we made a model of cell , and then that wa definetely easy to understand . furthermore , she finded the real video from the internet and then show me how it work and what it principle are . it 's been several month pasted since i learned about the system of the cell , however , i still clearly remember the video she showed me and each detailed structure we 've made . no doubt i got a one hundred on that class . learning fact is short-living . it will leave your head a soon a you learn other thing . you can not remember it unless you 've translated that fact into your own language and solidified to `` concept '' . it take amount of time to pas the process of turn fact into idea . you should find the way to clarify and figure it out . it might be burdensome . but once you 've figure it out , and you can clarify yourself that you understand the idea , then it would be a genuine knowledge not just fact . i 'm so glad to have topic . actually i wa a sort of suprised to face this topic which reminds me the experience this american education gave me . i ca n't wait to learn idea and concept and then understand it . i did n't know or experience the joy of learning when i wa in korea . my eye were always heavy and not active . but in here , the eunderstanding it genuine idea or concept enable me to study with my volition , not by parent .