it is widely said that young people do not consider their community and tend to do whatever they want to without thinking how people are annoyed by them . if you watch some program for middle age on television , you may hear this kind of comment frequently . however , i disagree with the opinion . young people , especially univer sity student have enough time and , in fact , help thier community . university student are encouraged to help thier community in and out of class . first of all , university student tend to have much more time to use thier time for helping thier community . it may be true that young people like highschool student do not have much time to use freely because of the entrance examination of university . in some society , especially in korea and japan , young people are stressed to go to better university and be employed by walthy company . however , student in university le worry about examination any more though , ofcourse , there still be term examination . second of all , some university even encourage student to help thier community . in fact , some university have service learning course which let student to do volunteer work and learn it importance and difficulty . some student may prefer to go to work for community which is far from their own , the others do for their own , which is much easier than going to futher area . finally , some student do help thier community a an off campus activity . talking about my own experience , i wa a member of the musical club which held mussicals or other thiatrical perfomances for small child and elder people at kindergarten and community center a volunteer . the off campus activity can not be limited on thaeatrical performaces but be varied . students can enjoy thier activity and , at the same time , help thier community . university student have enough time than others and do help thier community in class and also out of class a activity . in conclusion , i further disagree with the opinion that young people do not help people because of no time to do .