would age matter for the living style of a person ? would it affect the way that the person have the taste of the life ? the answer would be quite different if it wa asked to people in different age group . however one can not miss the the viewpoint of most people being young is more fascinating than being old . in a specific way , young people enjoy the life better than the old people do . there are numerous reason for this but to state some , it is clear that in youth , people are more active , energetic ; young people are more curious than old people that lead them to have a chance to get the joy of life . no need to think much . . first of all it must be stated that young people have more energy than the old peple . this is a fact that no one can deny . being energetic and active make the young people to have the strength of doing anything that they want . by this way they can experience lot of thing . for example generally , an old person would not attempt to ride a motorbike but a young person do . so that they feel the wind breezing on their face while they go fast and they have the joy of driving fast and a well a the joy of life . moreover , young people are more curious almost about everything . for instance the curiousity lead the young people to make a search to find some thing new . the joy of making a search , getting their own result and making some interpretation are very valuable experience for a young . to give an example , mostly for travel , old people go only to a place and have some rest there . but most of the young people do some travelling around the world . this is mostly a result of their curiousity . a long a they are curious young people will find some thing to enjoy with , to be happy with . without any denial , one must accept that the young people do enjoy more than old people . for young people , being active , energetic , curious make them to go for the thing they want to do . by this way they take the taste of their life , and enjoy until they feel themselves a young and they realized that they are not done with the life yet .