i strongly believe that people who try new thing and take risk are more successfull than people who keep doingg what they already know how to do well . by taking risk and doing new thing you face newer situation which will help you to push yourself away from your comfort zone which will help you be a better and successfull person . i have personally experienced and have read many situation where taking risk and doing thing have helped changed life and to be successfull . in my first job i wanted to try out something new and apply for a position in sale and marketing , but since i wa a very good software porgrammer , everyone said that i would not be suitable for the position and most of my peer discouraged me from taking up the position . infact i wa a little doubtful about leaving my comfort zone and entering into untested water , but i took the position which eventually helped me start my own business . i would not be in this position if i had not taken that risk . in the business world there are story of many risk but a couple of them which fascinate me are the story of bill gates and steve jobs . bill gates quit his school to do something new , something he liked the most and something that wa not done before , `` personal computer '' . he became successful and changed the course of not just his life but the life of everyone else on the planet . steve jobs who should be given enough credit for his contribution to the developement of pc 's made a comback a few year ago with his latest invetion ipods . before apple computers ( which wa run by steve jobs ) came up with ipod , there were many mp3 player but they lacked recognition . steve jobs novel idea of attractive product descign coupled with seamless integration with computer created the new `` ipod generation '' and completely revived apple computers . hence based on my personal experience and also experience of many others i very strongly believe that by doing new thing you improve yourself which increase your capability to do better thing and to take risk and be successfull .