today , specialization on a specific academic subject is a must for most of the researcher . where innovation need different appoaches to the problem , most of the research work carried out today requires improvement on the previous result . having a broad knowledge on a specific topic is not enough to improve an existing research , even to do innovation . instead , science make harder to specialize where it eas to access knowledge . improvements and innovation in science push people to specialize on certain topic rather than having the broad knowledge on seperate topic . new innovation , improvement require more and more specialization on the studied topic since the research area divide into sub-areas . for example , the first computer wa made by electronical engineer while the future improvement lead to a new academic area called `` computer science '' . at this point , no generic improvement can made on this area , because it is already divided into several sub-areas like networking , computer vision , algorithm , etc . these sub-areas are also dividing into sub-areas , like wireless networking , leading to the constant specialization on the certain area . specialization on a specific area let researcher to concentrate on the subject that they are researching on , making unnecessary part unavaliable . in the early time of computer , programming and electronical engineering were closely related and most of the research is carried on by the people with the electronics background . but with the improvement on the technology , programming and electronics begin to split up . today , there is still related subject which brings computer scientist and electronical engineer together , but today for most of the people working on the electronics field , programming is not a `` must '' if they research on computer . in today 's world , information is widely accessible with technology used like world wide web ( www ) . in the old time , accessing knowledge wa hard because of using book , connection problem and distance between researcher from different city or country . today 's technology allows everyone to access knowledge and have it . so this force people to specialize on topic instead of having broad information alone . specialization on certain academic subject increased the opportunity to improve previous work and innovate . having only the broad information is not enough for future tech .