on the world market more and more new invention and trend are available . there are some people who like to follow new trend and others who prefer to stick to more traditional thing . both side of the question offer advantage and disadvantage . some people are more afraid of uncertainty , that mean they like to do , use or talk about thing they already know in order to be sure about the outcomings . they do not like an unknown situation with unpredicable outcomings . this behaviour can be positive a no or only predicable risk are taken , but also a bit boring a there are little change . the other group of people is more willing to take risk and try new and unknown thing in order to improve their living situation and to be more successful . this kind of living behavior can bring a lot of advantage . first , you can not really proceed in your life if you do not give new thing a chance . there must be room for invention , otherwise it will be hard to keep path with your social environment . to underline my opinion , the example of a mobile phone is used . when it wa first launched , many people were sceptical about this invention . those who were open enough to try it , had the risk about spending too much money a they choose the first and only tariff which wa higher than other supplier , but they were connected to the world . another example is the internet . it changed the whole world and people belonging to the group not willing to try new thing have disadvantage . they are somehow disconnected from the rest of the world . in a business environment company without the internet could not be successful and could not survive . second , people trying new thing can have more fun and change in their life . as they are open to new thing they have the opportunity to discover so much more than the other group and find more opportunity to be even more successful . being careful about new thing is important , but not adapting to any change can be harmfull a well . in my opinion , everyone should somehow listen to an inner voice about how far one would go and how many risk one would take . but not moving and always keeping to old thing can not improve a person life . therefore , to put it in a nutshell , eveyone should try to keep path with it social environment in order to be successful , but not taking any risk one is not ready for .