in my opinion , young people today do not dedicate enough time to helping their community . there are a few reason for this , which have come about a a result of the change in society and the outlook that these young people have ! most reason centre around the issue of time that is available to perform such activity , while there are some that pertain to the psychological outlook of the person . today 's youth are too caught up in simply achieving thing for their selfish need . a strong assertion , no doubt , but parental pressure , peer pressure and hence the need to deliver result in an ever-so widenening world with large number of competitor put a strain on the individual . he/she is simply left with no time to cope with mundane thing , leave alone the community he/she life in ! additionally , life lead by some of the youth today are too fast paced for them to be worried about the community they reside in . any free time available at their disposal will go to satisfying their personal need . the community , unfortunately , thus rank very low in term of priority ! a personal example can help throw some light in this matter ; being a full time student leaf me very little time to allow myself to indulge in my music , which is a favourite hobby . why would i spend it unselfishly on the community ? this leaf u with the system of education in the scheme of public service . a good , if not decent , education would inculcate certain value that would result in the develpoment of a complete individual , who is part of , and thus see himself/herself to be responsible for the community they live in . this doe not seem to happen a effectively a it is expected to be . many student go through their school and ultimately entire life blind to the help that their community are cry out for ! is it not the fundamental responsibilty of these school to ensure that the youth be made aware and proactive in this regard ? ! to conclude , i would like to say that an awareness of the advantage a person who help his community ha over a person who doe n't engage in such activity , need to be brought , not mention certain change in their hectic work schedule a well !!