innovation , risks and success in science the factor which make a random academician a distinguished scientist , or an ordinary cook a chief of reputation lie in the same place : innovation . to introduce new idea , or even combining the existent one in a different way change the course of the life , country and eventually the history yet to be written . however , it take it toll under the threat of risk . against all odds and all the risk , the innovation is still the key to the success in every profession . here is the journey of the same person proving that how innovation and risk taking can alter the course of history . and in lack of these two factor how a sucessful person can spend year without reaching to a solution . albert einstein wa a curious mind striving to explain the connectivity between the force governing the universe . he changed the paradigm of the physic from old newtonian perspective introducing the relativity . this wa also meaning the risk of unacceptance and scornful comment from the peer in physic . after all , he wa just an officer in a patent office studying physic in an unscholarly way . in fact , his early paper are rejected by the journal . however , he ha been eventually proved to be true by the observation claiming him to be sucessful . ironically , in the second part of his professional life when the quantum theorist followed his way to form the next paradigm known a quantum mechanic , he would be the person to build the barrier against the new idea . he would say ` god doe not play dice ... ' not accepting the probabilty factor in physic . he spent his last year working on the same problem the way he did for the relativity , having no answer . the old way of thinking deterministically and adding the beauty of mathematics were not working anymore . problem needed a new approach from which einstein preffered to stay away . nobody can guess what would happen if he tried to colloborate with the new paradigm and search for new idea . taking the risk of finding that the universe depends on a probability game wa not bearable and einstein stayed in his track with no other sucess . the same great mind with two different attitude bring two different consequence : a ground breaking theory and a solitary research era , giving a good example how innovative and courageous the scientist should be if they are to be successful .