in this flat world , which ha seen some great advancement made in the last decade , thing have changed rapidly . the world ha gotten competetive and everyone is trying to outdo others and grow at a faster pace . work hour have gotten longer , and people have little or no time even for themselves and their family . if you ca n't stand out , you are left behind , and no one want to be left behind . things are very different today than they were , say , 50 year ago when people took up one job , and were happy to work for the same company for the rest of their life . it not like thing were very easy back then , but they were nothing like what is going on in the world at the moment . today 's youngster know that in this ever changing world , if he doe n't outperform himself everytime , he will be outdated before he even know about it . this change in lifestyle and work enviroment ha added lot of stress and pressure on today youth . however , i do not believe that this mean that the young people today are not giving back enough to their comunity . they may be short of time , but they try to make up for in different way . there are ngos where people like to donate part of their weekend , so that they can work with the poor and the deprived . there are people who make up for this lack of time by donating money to effort that they believe in . bill gates , world 's richest man , is relatively young , and one of the biggest philanthrophists the world ha seen . he ha pledged his wealth for various cause , and his wife run a foundation that try to help out with various problem in third world and developing country . a lot of indian/chinese expatriate , living in the us , are young and successful . they probably have not been able to spend enough time for their comunities back home . but doe that mean , that their contribution to the society is nothing ? besides obvious thing like sending money back to india/china ( which can be used for the welfare of the community ) , they have helped develop an image for the country , a that of a nation full of talented and hardworking people , which ha played an important part in taking their country to the next level in this competitve world . thus even though they did not spend a lot of visible time helping their community , it wa the fruit of their labor that the community and country bore . to summarize , i would say that even if the generation of today doe not have enough time on hand , however , they have done a lot for their community . their contribution go a long way in changing the shpe of the world we are currently living in .