it is true that people lead busy life in nowadays ; therefore some people prefer a organized trip with a tour guide . it is also ture that travel in a group will reduce numerous trouble . but for me , it is hardly true that travel in a group led by a tour guide is my first option . i would like to plan my own trip and explore the new world by myself . among the diverse benefit a self-planed trip will bring are more free of time , cheaper , and deeper understanding . travel alone will reduce the cost . it is deniable that the travel agency will make money through the travel . you are not aware of the exact or true cost of your flight , transportation or lodging fee . though some of the agency will provide costums a detailed list of the expenditure ; however , it is hard for costums to find out whether it is true . also in most case in china , the tour guide will lead you to some specific store to buy unuseful product , through which the guide will get some melon-cutting . plan your own trip will make you more free of time . in a group , we always find that people share differenct interest . while some of the traveler intend to spend more time on this site , others complain that it is boring and insist leaving immediately . how to solve this problem ? the only choice is to obey the majority with the sacrifice of your own interest . on the contrary , if you plan a trip by your self , you can totally free . you can decide where to go , how to allocate the time in every site or . .. go for a travel of your own plan will make you understand more about the new place . for example , after having made the decision to visit britain in grade 12 , i did a lot of survey of myself . i had to look up relevant information on the internet to familiar with it relic and historical site . though i had heard a lot about the london tower and british museum , i wa still in it appearance . through the investigation , i leart the history of the london tower and the story behind . i also planed my route by chechking every place i wanted to go . in this way , i tasted the pleasure and excitement of travel before i really started . you will probably ask how is your trip ? counld not be better . because already known the site before you visited , when you came to the site , you would feel the echo from the history and make you distinguished from other tourist , thoes who simply went there and then took a photo . nonetheless , i am not aguing that a travel in group lead by tour guide is very bad . it is also have it own benefies , since everything is a two-edged sword in the world . but when you ask me which one do i prefer , i will tell you without hesitation that plan and travel on yourself is my better choice which make me save money , be free of time and understand more . at last i want to say travel is anything other than unerstand more , by `` more '' i mean to explore by yourself .