i agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . there are at least three reason that can help support this point of view . first of all , young people receive enjoyement not only from the experience they actually live but also from the hope and dream they can build . young people have a lot more to live yet so that they can indulge themselves in fancying every kind of future : this help them being optimistic and enjoy life in a more positive way . older people on the other hand have already shaped their life : they presumably have a job and a daily family routine from which it is usually difficult to escape . an adult can not change his life or begin from scratch , so that they can not enjoy dreaming of a different life . secondly , young people perceive every experience they live a new and fresh : this help them live life with more excitement . since they have not seen a lot in life , young people live feeling and emotion ( and every kind of experience ) with a sense of excitement coming from the discovery of something new : every sentimental relationship seems to them a the first , every music or movie or book seems something never seen or heard or read before by any human beeing . growing up and becoming older , people seem to perceive life more a a routine : in the eye of the older one , anything seems to be someway already known or seen or lived . the last reason , is that young people have more time to enjoy leisure activity . since they are mostly student , they do n't have to fulfill a lot of the obligation that having a job implies : hence , they have a lot more spare time , that they can use in every kind of recreational activity ( like spend time with friend , practice sport , play music ) . even if they have a job , they usually do n't have to take care of a family : also for this reason they have a better chance to spend time in a more entertaining way . older people , on the other hand , have to comply with task that both having a job and running a family need : considering all the time spent on the job place or dedicated to family , there is not much time left to be used for individual entertainment . in the end , my opinion is that younger people have a more reason than older people to enjoy their life : they can dream of their future life , they live their actual life a something new and fresh and , finally , they have more time to dedicate to more enjoyable activity