staying young is one of developped country inhabitant 's greatest concern nowadays a the others still have to face survival issue such a starvation , ability to cope with natural catastrophe . .. indeed , people nowadays often seem ready to do almost anything to preserve their youth . why that ? i disagree with that common thought in developped country which is , ageing brings with it sadness and boredom , and make enjoying life hardly possible . i think is is a cultural question . indeed , being african ; yself , i can affirm that in africa , it is the contrary . only older people can really enjoy life a they have had time to figure out the meaning of life and they have been able to fulfill their destiny . they have acquired that wiseness totally inaccessible to young because of the latest one ' inexperience . i think the difference of opinin between what i will called the occidental culture and the african one stem from the fact that these culture do n't have the same definition of enjoying life . i would say that the occidental view of enjoying life is much more hedonistic , epicurian whereas the african one is more ascetic . actually , in the developing country ' mind , someone who enjoys life is someone who ha the ability of undergoing thrilling experience , such a person go out a lot , ha a lot of friend , is able to stay on dancefloors until the sunrise . that is not my conception of enjoying life . my view concurs with the african way of thinking . it is not possible to enjoy life if you do n't even know the meaning of it . and in my opinion , young people do n't know it . they interes themselves a lot in superficial thing and are unable before a certain time to be able to understand the true meaning of life . how can i claim that i enjoy life while i do n't even know what make it so important ? and i suppose the answer to that question can only be given after having experienced a lot of ordeal . i find it quite funny the fact that the conception of life between the two culture are so unlike . in my mind , the occidental one is rather superficial and shallow . it may be due to the fact that africans ca n't allow themselves to be superficial . seeing all that misery surrounding them , how could they ? it may also come from the fact , africa is a relatively quite young continent , in which ancesters ' culture is still deeply rooted .