i personly believe , that in the modern world it is essential to have specific knowledge . life in the modern world in influenced by computer , machinery and complex problem therefore it need well educated people to solve those problem . for example , nobody is going to ask his personal doctor which he see when he ha a flue if he can also do a heart surgery or transplant organ . the same applays to a lawyer . today the field of law is so complex that it is not possible for one person to have an overlook over all existing statuts or decision . a lawyer practising in family law typically doe not understand the functioning of a company . therefore if you operate a company or you are planning to do a merger you are trying to find the best possible lawyer available . you need an expert who know what he is doing and is making sure that you are not in the risk of liablity . you need a lawyer who specified in corporate law , who is an expert in m & a , somebody who know the court decision and all statue possibly beeing effected by the merger . somebody who doe not put his whole afford in that one thing ( area of practice ) will not be able to compete with other lawyer in the field and most important , he will not be able to get the best possible solution possible . of course it is very important that people do have a wide knowledge and that includes for example knowledge of literature and music but that doe not mean that he should not be an expert in something . i believe that everybody should take differend class in college but he should focus on one area . it is essential to know how a computer is operating but you will not call a lawyer or doctor to fix your problem with microsoft . since problem will become more specific at the one hand and more people are unemployed on the other side it is neccesary that people specialice in on field , so that they will have a chance on the job market . not like a century ago people today do not have to be a farmer , construction worker and fisherman at the same time . as stated above i believe that the complex world make it even more important that people specialize in a specific subject .