it is a fact that car are part of our daily life . and you can not deny that we do need them , but if we will look in the furture ; are there going to be more or le car used by human being in twenty year ? i would say that there wo n't be many car left on street worldwide , for the following reason . firstly , technic and it expert constantly develope new technology . who know which transport possibility are there going to be in twenty year ? nobody of the nineteenth century had ever dared thinking that human are going to fly or even fly to the moon in the twentieth century . may be all people are not driving anymore in the future , but they are flying with little u-boat ? secondly , a our environment is nearly totally damaged due to pollution and car , i do hope that people will recognise how important our environment is , and will forget about using car . without any doubt it is the car industry which is mostly responsible for the damage made on earth . if people do n't stop polluting our environment , there wo n't be an earth left where we can life . and thirdly , car are expensive . they are even so expensive that people can hardly afford them . and the car industry is definetly not making car to be good for the environment , but to make profit . and this situation is not about to change in the future . on the other hand , we need our car . without having a car your daily life will turn into chaos . we are completly depending on them if we want to go shopping , go to work or even if we want to go on holiday . the argument of people being lazy doe support the idea of car being part of human life , even stronger . nobody really want to walk , if there is a change of driving to a place . finally , a car is simply a symbol of wealth . most people do own two or three expensive car just to show that they , in contrast to others , can afford having expensive car . as a conclusion , i am convinced that car are helpful and will always be helpful in the future . but what consequence might there be if we do not reduce the use of them ?