i support the first openion that having board knowledge of many academic subject is more important than just having specialised in one particular subjest . here is the explaination . first of all if u have board knowledge of many subject you can easily understand what your university friend are discussing and you can have a feel for that and can add something in their discussion . you will get the advantage of having interaction with many people and you will get many friend which is very necessary to keep a person happy . now let u move to the second point . now-a-days thing are happening very differently . things are being connected and the current subject which are evolving a challenging subject are the combined subject like biophysics . so if you want to do research in modern world you must have the knowledge of different subject . if a person ha knowledge of different subjests he will be able to copmpetent in the field of research which is quite interesting in modern world . he will be able to understand what is being discussed in seminar which are not of his field and will able to add his knowledge very much . again the advantage of having knowledge of various subject is that is will increase general awareness of the person and will help in difficult situation . it will give him confidence to face difficult situation . it will creat an extra effect of the person 's personality in his colleague and society . he will get more respect in society . who do n't remember leonardo the vincy ? who is called universal man becuse he wa having 16 quality . he wa a good engineer , a good doctor , a good painter , a good mathematician and a good architecterer etc . no body ha ever born who ha so many quality . finally if you have board knowledge of different subject you can guide your child in their career . you may notice from their childhood in which subject they will prove to be good if you have knowledge of the subject . you may help your child in the problem they face while understanding the concept . you may provide them wider knowledge by giving link of the subject with other subject . finally i would say '' do n't be a frong in a small well come out of the well and see the world . it is very beautiful '' .