is it important for student to understand idea and concept ? of course it is we can not deny that studying a subject and learning this subject doe not necessary imply that you undestood the whole idea and the whole concept . sometimes might be better to understand the whole sense of a lecture at your first read for example instead of reading it more and more time to learn every single word of it and being able to repeat it in front of the professor during an oral examination ! i would rather look like a computer machine repeating binary code without understanding why and what it is really doing ! i think that to better comprehend this idea , comptures might be the perfect example . the whole concept is that scientist built the machine to help people perform their job easily simplifing complex procedure using software based product . the machine is able to perform all this complex operation in a very short time because somebody programmed it to reapeat a matrix of data and multiplexing it in different way , the machine is able to reproduce always the same action but is definitively not able to understand why is performing this action , is not able to learn from his error , is not able to modify automatically his behaviour . that 's mainly why i think any sort of attempt to learn fact for what they actually are whitout understanding what is the whole idea or concept behind them is totally unuseful for the student . once again if the student doe n't understand the concept he might not be able to modify his beahviour ha the example of the computer machine , because without understanding behaviour modification will not occur . you can learn from you error and mistake , a teacher can correct you if you are doing something wrong , people can learn from their own mistake , but if they keep on replicating what everyonelse is doing and repeat what the manager or the bos say they will always be stucked in their original , let 's say `` behaviour '' no behaviour modification will occur , thus preventing them to emerge and to become powerful or to express and sell their own idea .