i do n't think , that there will be fewer car in twenty year . of cause it is unknown what will be in twenty year but everyone of u think about his future and not only when you think about buying a new car . i believe that there wo n't be fewer car in future , because car are an efficient way of transporting not only of people also to transport good . that is the reason way so many car were used today , because it is often the cheapest way of traveling or transportation . for example it is cheaper for family or even for single people to get from erfurt to munich than it would be by traveling by train . also traveling by car is often much faster than going by train . additionally to the cost , going by car or driving car is sometimes the onliest posibility for treveling . for example in area in landscape there ` t drive many bus or train espacially in the night or on weekend , so so get away of these vilages you need a car or someone , who is driving you . that lead me to the next advantage of car , it is that people with car are mor independent than without . an other reason way there wo n't be fewer car in the futher future is that there are n't any good substitute for them , like mentioned above train but also plan or ship are n't good alternative because thez do n't can be everywhere or could stop everywhere , because all of these transport-vihecles need an habour . thats way car are good for transportation becouse of the well established infrasystem . almost everywhere are road so that everyone could achive his target by car . furthermore also motorbicycle are n't good substitute for car of cause they do n't need a much fuel a car , but you ca n't tronsport a much thing a with car and espacially by motorbicycle you are dependent of the wether condition . so all together in my opinion car are mostly the best option to transport good or person . of cuase fuel get more expensive but new motor-constructions wo n't erase car . thats way car wo n't be fewer in futr but they could have changed in twenty year . aditionally i think that , i will of cause drive any car in twenty year and when other people think so too , that there will be even more car in futur . so let u see what will happen to car in future .