the are a quite many aspect in favor of the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact a there are aspect against it . i agree with the statement that for student it is a lot more important to understand idea and concept . students not only need to have a basic knowledge of the fact , they also need to create a certain ability to transfer their knowledge . transfering their knowledge mean that problem and question that arise during their study are sometimes not solvable by purely learning fact and reproducing them . many time it is necessary to see interconnection between topic or solution , for instance in a mathematical equation . if a student ha to solve a difficult equation it is essential to come up with some idea how to solve it . knowing algebra and calculus is one thing , however , the student need to know how to apply his knowledge in order to solve the mathematical problem . thus , learning fact will not lead him to the solution . instead , understanding the idea of multiplying , adding , subtracting or dividing equation with a clear concept gehing it will lead him into the right direction . by coming up with a neww concept student are force to think a lot more and make up their mind than by learning fact . it is therefore easier for them to come up with conceptual idea and new strategy . on the other hand it is important for a student to have a profound knowledge which he will only obtain by learning fact . learning fact mean that a student will most of the time not run into a situation where he ha gap and will not be able to respond to a fact question . for lawstudents for instance , it is crucial to have a profound knowledge of fact . as a matter of fact , learning fact mean that you train your brain and you will be able to memorize thing better than others . additionally learnig fact enables student to expand their knowledge about all kind of topic . depending on the major it is probably more important for a law student to be able to summarize fact , whereas a philosophy student is expected to understand idea and concept .