the issue in hand is that , whether the number of car in use will reduce in twenty year . this issue is important because a mean of transportation is very crucial in this busy world . the believe that , the use of car will not reduce in the next twenty year because car is the best way of communication in the present century . i think this opinion of mine is better because travelling from certain distance in car is very comfortable . this is because many people travel in bus a they feel it is more cheaper . but the bus now-a-days are so crowded that it is very difficult for a person to even stand in the bus properly . their transport becomes very tiring and this is the one best reason i feel car should increase in number in the near future . additionally , i feel that travelling in car reach u to the destination on time . for example , there wa one of my friend who would travel in train from his part-time job to his campus . during winter , due to some problem , the train have been stopped and later resumed their journey after an hour which made him go late to his college where he had to miss his one hour exam . based on this , i feel that if that person woud have travelled in car , he would have atleast taken a different route which would have made him reach his destination on time . thirdly , i strongly feel that the price of the car now-a-days are getting cheaper than they were earlier . this will certainly make most of the people to have a car of their own . moreover , many people are preferring to travel in car to any place within their country a they feel it is much more safer and convenient for them . so , these are all the reason that make me feel that my opinion is the right one . in conclusion , i would finally like to say that the number of car in use will not reduce in twenty year , but rather they would increase in number . i believe this because car are the most effective way of transport in this present world and it is very much important for every family to own an individual car .