one must realize that the statement according to which there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than there are today can be easily challenged or confirmed this assumption is obviously inaccurate when compared to the various economic result and financial statement rendered nowadays by the car company . except for a few of them , such a general motors in the usa or peugeot more recently in france ( both experiencing severe financial distress ) , the major company have increased their financial income . the continuous purchase of car by consumer a well a the perpetual will to consume that characterizes modern occidental society explicitely prof that the car industry is booming . this phenomenon is n't likely to stop , especially when the wide variety of price offered by the company ( from the cheap car to the ultra luxurious one ) satisfies every consumer . the car industry adapts perfectly to the consumer , and it seems difficult to imagine that there will be le car in twenty year than there might be today . nevertheless , this statement could be partially true , for three main reason . first of all , major city have nowadays developped various transport service for their inhabitant , which have the double advantage of being more useful and fast . it is unanimously admitted that taking the metro today is far more convenient than using a car , especially in city where traffic jam seems to appear a the principle rather than the exception . second of all , the price of fuel ha increased in such way that it now constitutes an undeniable factor to take into consideration in the purchase of a car . fuel being so expensive , any consumer will not necessarily be able to afford on a long-term basis the fuel necessary for his transport . finally , the ecological argument is more and more put forward to demonstrate how the use of car can harm our environment . in my opinion , and this could be a possible solution , car company should definitely invest in new and proper technology , if they do n't want to see their product disappear .