academicians are often faced with the dilemma of either specializing in their core area of research or to study , learn , and eventually be productive in a variety of subject . needless to say there are advantage and disadvantage of both approach . usually , a doctoral student completes his/her dissertation focusing on one topic and investigating the issue in detail . the chapter of the dissertation may look at the problem from different perspective , but the main theme is the same . after graduation , the student hopefully find an academic position and turn the chapter into independent article and ha them published at academic journal . after that , whether to continue in the same area or branch into different area doe become the choice of the academician . focusing on the same specific area of research will make the academician an expert in that field . if the reseach area is fertile , the publication record will be impressive . s/he will get tenure quite easily and will be a respected member of academic circle . however , at some point , the academician will be isolated . s/he will no longer have the possibility of venturing into joint project with others . moreover , if interest in that particular area of research eventually fade away , s/he will lose popularity , the career will be faced with the possibility of obscurity , and it will be extremely difficult for her/him to move into other research area at that point . on the other hand , keeping a balance of conducting research in the main area of interest and branching into other subject area will make the career of a researcher more durable . the natural way to do research in other area is to have co-authors , whose talent can be combined with those of the researcher . as knowledge increase in a geometric fashion in today 's world , it becomes more and more difficult to master a topic by oneself . researchers are forced to develop joint project with others . moreover , the quality and the efficiency of research production will increase with joint project . establishing connection with other researcher will open the door for new project with other researcher . as a matter of fact , this is the trend in many area of academia . in finance , for example , the majority of the article that are published in good quality journal have multiple author . learning is the lifelong ambition of an academician . this is best achieved by branching into and learning about other subject , establishing connection with researcher in those area and developing project by sharing knowledge in a reciprocal manner .