it is commonplace to criticize our educational system . many scholar pretend that the current learning organization in our college is too theoretical and it ha to be more pragmatic . others assert the contrary . the issue of the importance of conceiving idea and concept is a controversial one . i totally agree with this fact and there are several reason of that . firstly , student have to go to school in order to learn theory . secondly , everybody ha to improve his or her analytical skill for the rest of his or her life . thirdly , reflexion enacts better in order to solve a problem . first , the main purpose of the school system is to prepare the young people for the adult life . in fact , student firstly have to learn a lot of thing in vast field . it could be quite impossible to learn without book or explanation done by a teacher . having a good introduction about a new grammar rule can help the student to figure out how this rule can be use in the current life . second , school have to learn how to analyze subject . only a performing educational organization can transfer knowledge with analytical technique . it is very important for student to have the good tool in order to learn perfectly . in fact , the conceptualization of an issue permit to understand the reality . for example , when someone is becoming sick , a doctor ha to have an overview of all symptom ( fact ) , but he also need to understand the concept of the illness : only his analytical skill can help him . third , before acting , thinking . this issue is crucial , but everybody can understand the value of these word . learning contributes to help u in our decision/making process . for instance , you have to understand the idea , before you decide to do something or not . driving is the best example , if you do n't want to crash everytime . in conclusion , i completely agree with the issue of learning concept and idea . having a good theoretical background , improving his or her analitycal skill and thinking before acting are the best reason in my point of view .