the issue at hand is if young people enjoy life more than older people do . this is a very interesting question because the industrialised country face an increasing average age of their inhabitant and an increasing life expectancy . this accelerates an aging society with le younger people . but doe this mean that there is le fun in life for these people ? in my opinion , old people can enjoy life a the younger one do . in fact , older people enjoy a lot of free time which they can use to take part in various leisure activity . for example pensioner have a lot of time which they can use to travel not depending on their company or school vacation which make their travel more relaxing and their destination le crowded . furthermore , a majority of the elderly posse large amount of money which they can spend on their hobby . having probably paid off most of their debt and not being forced to raise their child anymore they can use their saving for themselves . for example , older people can buy good which they have always dreamed of while the younger one still have to work and save money . additionally , as medical treatment are more and more developed , the older people can still enjoy their life by continuing to do sport , improving their quality of life and health . for instance , compared to drug in the past there are more soft treatment , suppressing the disadvantage of the aging process by using hormone , enabling them to do many sport the younger one can do , too . lastly , more and more product and service for the elderly are created , making their daily life more enjoyable . older peolpe are seen a `` silver market '' by several industry , being offered many product developed exclusively for them just like group travel in which people of the same age meet and explore foreign country . all in all i think that i have shown that being old doe not mean that older people can not enjoy life . they might even be able enjoy life a little bit more than the younger one do .