i agree with the statement that young people nowadys do not work hard to help their community . i think they spend their time doing other unimportant and useless thing such a playing game and killing time . they also make the community worse in sum case such a playing loud music in the middle of the night when everybody is trying to have a good night 's sleep . they act agaisnt the society 's interest and add to the noise pollution . there are several reason that contribute to such behaviour of youngster . these include peer pressure , stress thorugh family problem , child abuse and so on . friends may think thst it 's ` cool ' to smoke , drink and do drug . they think that breaking rule is the way to gain fame and popularity among other member of the same age group . troubled childhood may add to such behaviour too . some youngster may be facing a lot of pressure from family member or through child abuse . this may lead them to remove their frustration on their community by troubling them and disturbing them by breaking the rule . they may go terribly out of control and rebel arnd the age of 12-20 year . youngsters may not be willing to help their community because they might think that it is boring and montonous to help out their community . also to fit in to the ` group ' , their behaviour pattern change which make them le co-operative . they try to distract and destroy their community by playing horrible loud music , blowing horn for no particular reason in the middle of the night while having fun with friend . they may throw litter unneccesarily across the area and spoil the environment . they may destroy habitat of certain specie and cause them to become extinct . the society can try and bring about a change in today youngster through love and guidance . older people can try and make freinds with the youngster . this can be done by frequently holding a community meeting . for example , every month a community conference can be held specially for teenager explainig to them the consequence of not handling their community in a proper way . drastic action can also be taken such a by complainig to the police should teenager behave in an ill - mannered way . parents can treat them strictly for improper behaviour .