the advertisement is first made to introduce the product to the customer , a the mess medium keep developing and became popular source of advertising the advertisement skill is also developing . there are three ingredient of advertisement that is essential to convince the customer the product seems better than what the product really is . first one is the visual impact of the product . this usually can be seen in homeshopping programme in television , such a food . all the product that are introduced in the programme seems tasty and good , the product that are shown in the progammes are well-made . however , this might not be true sometimes when one actually got the product , the customer might be dissapointed to see different , or less-well-made , product a one never thought it to be . secondly , the sound impact of the advertisement can also convince the customer to misconception of the product . many scients indicated the power of sound can change the mood of a person . sometimes the advertiser use popular song , rap , or even classical music on their tv advertisement in order to make the customer 's mind into calmness , excitement or eagerness . the customer , when they see the cfs , might like the product just because he/she are unconsciously fallen into the background music . lastly , the impact of the famous person . for those who only care about what the product is , not who the product introduce the product , this might seems awkward . however , people who are casted by the cf manager earn million of dollar , this indicates the power of the celebertises in the advertisement market . most commonly , in movie if a famous actor/actress or even some famous basketball player is casted , that movie seems to be successful just by advertising whether the movie is well-made or not . to summarize my opinion , i firmly believe that the advertisement are convincing the customer into a misconception of the product , by making the product seems better than what they really are . the overusing of this three ingredient of advertisement are now becoming the one of the biggest problem that united states and all the world 's medium ha .