while some may argue that learning fact may be the best way to impart education among student , i do not believe so . learning core concept and understanding idea are important for a holistic learning experience . in the following text i present my reason for this belief and my contention that learning and understanding of idea and concept is in fact better than solely learning fact . firstly , learning idea and concept help in clearer and a more thorough understanding of a topic . stating fact in addition to this would serve a an example that make it even clearer . a thorough understanding of a topic help in engendering a scientific mindset that encourages inquisitiveness and a pursuit to learn even more . secondly , fact are useless without knowledge . facts might help in the development of a student 's memory , but they in no way impart true knowledge . facts are information , while knowledge is what need to be imparted to the student . thirdly , idea and concept are the core fundamental without which learning would be an incomplete experience . merely scratching the surface by discussing fact and example would be an injustice to the student . thirdly , a discussion of idea and concept brings out the knowledge a student already ha and share with his peer . such a setting where idea flow freely among student and professor paint the picture of an ideal educational environment that every student dream of . in addition , such an environment kindles student ' interest in the topic and make them even more interested in it . any student would be more interested in learning concept and idea and practically apply them than to merely memorize fact , which have little or no applicability in the real world . it need to be realized that fact are complementary to the idea and concept that are tought , and they should be treated so they should be stated a example for the purpose of clearer understanding of the topic of discussion . however , they should not be used in isolation a it would lead to an incomplete knowledge transfer between the teacher and the student .