well i do agree with the point that the younger generation today are not giving enough time to help their community . there could be various reason stated for this . today 's generation is considered to be extremely fast . they are more focussed on thier study , career and most importantly on building a good future . they are more intersted in other activity which keep them more interested a such thing like helping thier community could be considered rather boring by them . they often sometimes feel that this is not thier kind of work . well a an example i would like to state that once there wa a community meeting anong all the member of our community . as it wa observed that only a few young people had attended it . also once there wa a community function where many people were invited including the young . but they preferred to go for a movie rather then attend the function . many reason include that even though many of them seem to be very interested they have no time due to prior commitment . thus even though they are many member associated they hardly pay any attention . many of job done or required to be done to help a comunity include helping gatering people and keep them united , helping each other financially or when in time of need , arranging various educational programme for member of the community who can not afford it and help in developing various other cultural and traditional aspect belonging to a certain community which actually picturize the root of the community . thus all these aspect not only require the support of the older population but must include the younger generation too since these young mind are considered to be tomorrow 's future in pure term thus forming an example fr he future generation to come by influencing them by inculcating value like unity and culture and tradition of the community by leading to the better progress of the community thus i feel that today younger people must be encourged to spend atleast sometime with their community from their busy life which is not only important for the moment but also for a better tomorrow and for a good and bright future of the community a well a the world thus making the world a better place to live in .