i strongly disagree with the statement that today 's youth doe not spend enough time on helping the community . the spirit of helping others , especially those who are in need , together with the sense of compassion , is not limited by age . there are several organisation that are dedicated to hepling the community that are organised , managed and run by the youth alone . a closer look at the record of voluntary community service in most american hospital reveals the major portion of it participant to be in the 12 to 25 age category . this could be attributed to the fact that younger people have a larger number of free hour to indulge in community service , compared to adult who have work and family responsibility . the recent tsunami on december 26th , 2004 , that wreaked havoc on the south east asian coastline resulted in unprecedented death and destruction . a large number of humanatarian organisation theat provided relief to the victim were youth and student organisation . these international a well a local youth organisation campaigned to raise money and distributed relief material and compensation to the affected victim and also pitched into the rehabilitation and reconstruction effort . the united nations ha a special youth wing that hold an annual forum , providing a common platform for the youth to meet , discus issue relevant to them and finally act on them . had young people nowadays not been interested in these cause , such an organasation would neither been endorsed nor been given assistance . a peek into every activity involving community service , be it in donation for needy cause , rehabilitation of underpriviledged child or animal welfare , the youth is not just present : it is actively involved . in conclusion , i would like to say that the young people of today have not lost their concern or forgotten their obligation to society . they strive to put in a much time and effort a possible to the cause of upliftment of the society . they do their bit and more to help their community and make the world a better place to live in .