as a high school student , i am often pretty upset and even a little irritated of the generally misconception of the young generation ha become more selfish if compared with the previous generation . that is , frenquently heard from adult that young people have no contribution to others and even the community they belong to . that is completely wrong ! take my school for instance , we do care about our community and in fact spend plenty of time to do all kind of voluntary work in out community . almost every weekend , student from different grade gather together in front of our school at seven in the morning . you may be quite curious what we are going to do ? it 's saturday ! students then be divided into several group by teacher and after that , it 's time for u start our mission . actually , we are assigned different job to do every weekend ; sometimes we clean the street which we do most frequently ; sometimes we visit some charity in the community to do voluntary job for them ; sometimes we clean the park , located next to our school ; sometimes we hold band performance a entertainment for people in the community who have no idea what to do on the weekend . sounds interesting and tempting ? absolutely . stuents at my school are encouraged to join these activity because our teschers stress that school is n't the only place for learning . to tell the truth , this is excatly what i think and the most important reason encouraging me to give up my holiday . i still remember clearly once we were to visit kid with similar age with u but suffer from mental illness or other disability . i wa quite afraid because i thought they might be scary in both appearance and behavior . but what i had seen wa their most sincere smile and enthusiaism to make friend with each u . from then , i started to visit them frenquently with some book and clothes a gift for them . i come to realize there is never a border between people , once i 've decide to open my mind to accept and respect . these activity held by school to encourage student to get involved in their communitues are n't unheard form other shcools and other part of my country . young people are n't careless about involving and helping others in thier community but rather entusiaistic and willing to help , once we know how to step out our first step .