the statement say that in the next twenty year , we can observe only few number of car , compared to the number we have today . i completely disagree with the idea given in the statement . because , i feel that car is the most basic and effective way of travelling between any two place . this number will keep on increasing to satisfy this basic need . of course , raise in petrol price and other minor drawback will affect this number to a considerable amount . indeed , car is the most used automobile for traveling , because it is easy and faster . considering the technology advance and speedness in the life each and every human-beings , we can confidently say that this number will ever increase all the time . it is simply because people will always look for better way of transportation that allow them to move quickly to their respective task , especially in this modern soceity . also , it is quickly reached to a state of being a basic neccessity , rather than a luxury . hence , i dont think people will give up them so easily a one think . relatively , the design and technology aspect of these automobile manufacturing are keep on changing rapidly to meet new and advanced customer need and also to compete with the problem like petrol price . for instance , the research on using other alternative fuel instaed of petrol is going on a rapid pace , to nullify the effect of hike in petrol amd diesel price . also , the automobile which have the compatibilty to adapt to diffrent kind of fuel are launched the market , let say , dual engine which work with both petrol and electricity . on the other hand , the increasing demand and hike in the oil price will affect the number of car sale in future . these problem can be overcomed by technology innovation a discussed in previous passage . but , still these innovation are nascent stage and a we can not predict the future , it is not the right time to say that these advanced technology will serve the pusrpose at maitainable cost . in case if they fail to offer the solution at mominal price , people may relie to public transportation system to reduce their cost and eventually lead to decrease in number of car a on now . finally , i conclude that the statement , in the next twenty year , we can observe only few number of car , compared to the number we have today , is pointless and is only based only few factor . hence , i strongly disagree with the idea .