i agree with the fact that young people enjoy life more than the old people do . age is an important factor in a person life and it , in many way the way he lead it . youngsters have a zeal and enthusiasm in them within them and look at life with hope and happiness . it is the ideal age to experience life and each day give a new chance for a new attempt and each attempt give a new moral . generally people under their 30 's , have the hope that they can achieve their goal and also they believe that they have the energy to do it . it is this energy that corporate multinational organisation look for . a typical senior citizen would lack enthusiasm and zeal in their lifeand this dullness is quite natural . they have already tasted the variety in life and anything get boring when one get used it . very few thing seem new to them and this make life quite spiceless . the physical condition of youngster help them to enjoy life a lot better . they have the agility in their body and more importanly they have better immunity that help them stay healthy . the body of the senior citizen lack agility and they are more prone to irregular blood pressure , heart attack , diabetes etctec . they have to constrain their activity and due to this they may not be able to enjoy life to the maximum . the biggest problem with the old is the feelin of being unwanted . old people may have the feelin of loneliness and may feel dejected a they may lose their friend , partner , parent , the busy schedule of thier child and the other beloved younger group , worsens this feeling . this feeling could stop them from enjoying life . th younger lot have the beloved one with them and spending time with them brings back color to the otherwise dull life . psychologies change with age and it is not possible for the senior people to have the same psychology they had in thier youth . so . they might not have the same joy and cheerful life they had in theri youth where they would move round with friend , partying and also a trying to make an image of thier own the society .