it is rather impossible to generalize and state that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . therefore , i cant wholeheartedly agree with the aformentioned statement . travel could be broken into multi category that may include tourism , religious tourism , safari and adventure , and business . the statement may work well for some kind of travel but may unlikely be suitable for others . for example , honey mooners are not likely to be keen to travel within group let alone having a tour guide with them most of the time since privacy is valuable and treasured by newly wed and even couple seeking to spend quality romantic time together . conversly , traveling for religious reason may underscore the importance of traveling in group led by guide . to further clarrify this point , piligrimage is a rather complex practice that may require traveling within group a required by certain regulation and need . that becomes clear in saudi arabia , where piligrims can not travel on their own to mecca in the hajj season ( piligrimage ) and they are required to travel in group accompanied by tour guide who are more likely to be familiar with the hajj practice and terrain . additionally , people seeking adventure normally prefer to have their own itiniraries and most likley prefer to travel according to their own pace , plan , and preference . as an example , a tourist planning to climb mount evarest will unlikely wish to stick to group and share common itinrary . managing cost may make travelling in group more attractive especially that tour opperaters are capable to get attractive deal on larger group . accordigly , this situation raise the issue of tour guide to maximize quality time spent and ensure that the group is exposed to the largest number of attraction . in conclusion , the argument presented above make it clear that it is almost impossible to generalize that it is , indeed , the best way to travel is in group led by tour guide . it is unequivicolly clear that the characterestics of people and reason for traveling are so variabely distinct and different which only make it incumbent on me to diasgree with the aformentioned statement .