some people might say that young people spend their time enough helping their commucities indicating the large number of charity club or volunteer community . however , i think that , actually , young people do not concern about their community . there are two major reason : they are busy concerning about their own way and they spend their time for their self-realization more and more . first of all , current society is so much competitive that young people should concern about their course or way shch a getting job or their study . to young people , what matter is not the helping activity for their community , but to find their way in such a complex and competitive society . as modern society is getting more complex , the role of young people ha been changed . it might have been to help their community before , but now it is to survive in the competitive society . therefore , young people can not afford to give their time to help their community . rather , they are busy trying to get a job or study hard on their way . moreover , even if young people have enough time , they spend their extra time for their own purpose . from leisure activity with their friend to self-realization , there are so many thing that young people feel attractive to spend their time for . even though some mignt think that this is undesirable , young people consider spending their time helping their community out-of-dated . for example , when i wa young , my uncle usually who were young at that time were engaged in some volunteer activity helping our community , and spend their time much in doing those . however , now , i find my fiend are usually seeking to use their time on their own purpose such a hanging out with friend , practicing their foreign language skill , etc . thus i think that , a time go by , this current will be spread out more and more . in summary , i agree with the statement that young people do not spend their time helping their community . nowadays , young people concentrate on their own life so much that they do not spend their time for their community .