this issue raise lot of answer : we have to accurately weigh up the pro and con . in a way , it depends mainly on the type of field concerned and of the stake given by the society . indeed , our highly competitive and technological world tends to become more and more specialized , so that specializing in some area such a information technology or science in general are very useful . however , a minimum of competence are necessary in our wolrd nowadays because the general level of knowledge in our society ha soared at an exponential pace in the last decade . so you should have also a broad knowledge . thererfore , in my opinion , both strategy are valuable to have a good educationnal history . fist of all , a regard the increasing scientific and technical shift witenssed in our everyday life , i can not help thinking that specialist are necessary . for instance in medicine , all kind of progress are made everyday such a in genetics stem cell research or cancer cure . these must be accompanied with specialization of medical school student . these progress are often made in very competitive area and specializing offer the student a difference with another one that will allow them gaining prestige and reward . another example would be enginnering , while generalist were very common in the past , a better strategy would be a specialization in one or two single subject . namely , in that highly competitive field , you must focus on one thing at the same time to be competitive and aiming at one single kind of job . as a consequence , specializing in one subject area brings you a competitive advantage helping you to achieve easier than the others ; especially in scientific field . however , on second thought , because of that competitivity , we have to build also a broad education . putting aside a minimum of competence in other academic field would disable in a way the student . in fact , if you are an engineer , you have to learn another competence to be competitive . for instance the language such a english or chinese provide you a serious advantage compared to others who can not speak these language . moreover , if you are profficient at different academic field , you have more chance to find a job : it doe not restrain you . all thing considered , i guess thet nor the first solution neither the second can really be preferred . nonetheless , i guess that a broad knowledge and a litthe specialization allowa you getting out of any situation in your professinnal life after .