the statement `` successful people try new thing and take riks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' in my opinion clearly illustrates the main reason why people become successful after all . i think that it is obvious that successful people are people that stick out of society and out of the establishment , not only because of their success but also because of new invention or technique used by them . certainly , successful people are people who do not do thing the way everyone doe them , just in order to be different from everyone else . a successful manager for example ha to find new way to improve his business , his finance and to motivate his coworkers to really change something . the concept of change is crucial in this discussion , because a i am convinced success always ha to do with change . many time this change is not positive at the beginning because it hurt to change something that ha proved it 's usefulness and value for a person , a business or a company . change can be slow at the beginning and sometimes may be proved wrong , but in the majority of the case , change is the key to success . therefore , i think it go without say why successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing thing they are good at . another point that support the statement derives from the psycological area . people who are successful are happy and selfcontent , at least in most case . if someone feel good about the thing he or she doe , and in addition to that feel good about him - or herself , it is easier to try out something new and challenging . self-esteam help you to realise the thing you want to do and the thing you are dreaming of , even though they may seem new and risky . a person who is always aware of his failure and negative trait is not even willing to try something new thanks to the fear of failing again . successful people on the other hand are not that likely to be put down if something doe not work out a they planned it to be . one last point i 'd like to mention in order to conclude this essay is the human hunger for power . once you have achieved something , even such a non-material thing a success , you do n't want it to be lost . you probably would do nearly everything , including taking small risk and trying out new thing , to maintain the standard .