in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . yes , i do agree with this statement . this is the twenty first century , we boast about better living , advanced technology etc . the use of palm top , cell phone , better vehicle ha all become a matter of mere show off rather than it actual use . lets talk about car ; well we all want this luxury in life . nothing can be a exciting a a brand new car , and the number of car show how rich you are ! in all this show off and luxury we tend to forget the enviroment . its a topic which ha brought concern . its very obviuos , more the people more the number of car . people are concerned about the pollution in the environment but equal attention is needed for the non renewable resource like petrol and diesel . as the name suggests non renewable resource are those which will get over in next few year . there are not infinite deposit of petrol , natural gas , oil etc in the environment . there is a danger that these will get used and there will be nothing to substitute it . these are non renewable because it take million of year for these resource to be formed ; and these are the resource used for driving vehicle . as said earlier we are more concerned about our luxury . we have started using vehicle not only for long distance but also for short distance just because we feel lazy . the number of car and other vehicle ha increased exponentially , and it soon that it will come down in the next twenty year . as the petrol and oil deposit get scarce the number of car will drop down too . as they say , one thing lead to another . thus , depleting fuel will cause depleted number of car . if we all realise this problem a soon a possible we will get good result . because the more early you know the problem you will be able to solve it before it get too late . we can satrt walking the nearby distance ; it will not only help save fuel but also be healthy for the individual . apart from this we can start using renewable source for our fuel purpose . for example using solar battery operated car . we can also use public transprt system to cut down on the fuel shortage . thus all this would help u see a better future with better environment and good amount of car running on renewable source