in the morden society , lot of people use the spare time to travel around . and someone would like to travel in a group led by a tour guide , others apparently opposite , they want to trip alone or just with family , friend . it 's an universal argument in the long term . to my extend , i prefer to agree that the best way is to travel in a group led by a tour guide . in the first place , the consipicuous reason is that the tour guide is the one who is professional on tripping , and they familiar with the resort or park we traveling to . so he/she will give everyone in the group the introduction of the place they visiting , like the background , history , meaning and so on . take the great wall in china for the instance , if there is no tour guide foreigner can not get the original of it and can not understand it 's function . in their eye , the wall is same with common , combined with brick . in the second place , why i consider travel in a group led by a tour guide is neccessary is that the tour guide always to be there , so they are familar with the place ' ticket or some other expending . they will tell the traveller which one is cheap or which one is not worth to buy . it 's really an effective way to save money , also , seldom be cheated . furthermore , tour guide will arrange the schedule of all the trip . they will list the time sheet resonablely to show the traveller . then traveller could make clear sense their sequence and will not waste any time of the vacation . as far a i concerned , this is very important factor we should considered before we begin the trip , because of our limited time . admittedly , travel in a group have some disadvantage , such a , we constrict by the schedule of the tour guide ; it 's so tired to visite so many place , some of them we did n't want to , in a tight time ; it 's not comfortable to travel with many stranges . albeit , everything could not be perfect , some time we have to sacrifice a little suitables . to sum up , take into all factor i outlined above , we can draw the conclusion that even though there are some uncomfortable thing if we travel in a group led by a tour guide , we can get a lot from the trip under the led by tour guide . so again , i want to restate my inclination that i deem travel in a group led by a tour guide is the best way .