i completely agree with the statement , and i quote here , ' it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . ' i am comming to that opinion because fact treat a very limited area of importance , while idea can be transfered from one case to another . for example if i know when a famous person wa borne it doesnt help me if i have to write an essay about exactly that specific time . inspite of that it would help me if i understood in which way that person influenced the world or which idea he spread . another point is that in my experience learning fact is very boring and you do not remember them for a very long time . ideas are much more interesting because they are more complex and have a brought background which cause the need to deal with the subject and thus are remembered for a longer time . for instance i had history class in school in which i had to learn many fact and it wa the class i did not like the most . i wa taking bioligy class a well and i liked them best because of those complex and intensive structure which were introduced . actionly a very important aspect of supporting idea not fact is that you can learn mass of fact without abstracting them and without understanding there meaning , belonging or their cause and effect . ideas show you the bigger connection between thing and offer the possibility of understanding why thing happended or will happen in future . for example imagine a polititian who is holding a speech . he will tell you some fact and action he plan . thats the one side but you have no clue why he want to realise his plan , maybe there is a hidden reason for him , think at hitlers coming up . this brings me to the next point . facts are just a part of a bigger thing . so people can be tricked by showing them wrong or just a part of the fact . ideas motivate people to invent and develope them , to thing by themselves which make tricking more complicated . for example hitler came to power because he told the people fact they wanted to here and which they apreciated , but he rejected some major fact and the idea behind all of his action so that people had a wrong impression of him and his plan . so comming to a conclusion there are serveral aspect which leed me to the desicion that idea are more important than fact . not only that people are limited in their ability of independent thinking when they just get to know the fact they might even not be able to understand bigger contextes or just do not want to deal with a subject because they are not interested .