since i am a business student with focus on marketing , the topic is very relevant for me in my everyday life . first of all , i have to say that there is no doubt about the effect advertisement ha . using several tecniques to present a product in the best possible light , some of the consumer may get the impression that they do not receive the complete piece of information about it and a realistic picture . however , although there may be some trick to sell product more effectively , no single marketing man in the world ha magic ability . to start out with some argument that support the above statement it should be mentioned that print medium especially offer opportunity to give the product a better image . most important are possibly picture that can be turned into perfection easily with computer programms . additionally , the information given in newspaper or magazine are in fact putting special emphasize on the product 's quality instead of it eventual disadvantage . to give an example , a special feature of a mobilephone such a the great design or the modern function would be probably printed in big , coloured letter while the expensive condition of the speaking tarif would be printed in small letter in a corner of the page so that most reader would pay no attentin to it . another trick of advertising professional is to work with people 's emotion . awakening positive feeling by showing impressive and colourful spot with a certain connection to special situation in life , the association with the product the watcher have and therfore his opinion about it would be more positive than without having seen the commercial . as one can see , there is a diversity of way for selling a product in a maximum of positive light and although there are a lot of norm that refer to ethical and moral doubt in the society about modern advertising method and that have to be obeid , company know how to make use of little trick . i do not completely agree with the statement because , a i mentioned at the beginning of my essay , the product is only a product that can be `` tuned '' in some way but not really improved in the impression it make . additonally some ethical and social norm prevent people from being tricked seriously by ad