people are learning to grow with the basic skill and experience , so it is much more significant for young people to understand idea and concept than to learn the fact instead , and the reason are a the folowings . first of all , knowing the concept and idea can help young people understand the rule of this world and see the common point exist between disinct peope and thing , which give them the basic point of view about the society they live in . besides , most of the fact happen according to the concept and their idea . for instance , the young people are supposed to show respect to the elder in the society a the principle and a nice manner , like the government provide the elder more protection and help in finance and health care each year . in this case , everyone regard it a a right and valuable thing to do , so this rule go on and on . the young people know this rule will easily understand the way this society run and come up with a right and fare opinion about this . as a result , knowing the concept is knowing the world properly and quickly . the second is that the so called `` fact '' are enumorous in this world and young people can not learn them all even in his whole life . there are always some spacial case in each field of fact that will cinfuse the young people who do not know the concept and idea of most of the thing that happen around him . in that way , people is definitly having trouble in understand thing and dealing with thing they met . what is worse , the lack of knowledge of concept will make the young people lose themselves . the fact are the surface of concept and idea while the unpridictable fact are waiting for people to find by themselves . finnally , not knowing the concept of fact willl give the young people wrong direction for they only learn their life based on thing they see , and do not know how to look at them in a proper and objective way . this will lead to an bad result and a young student , for instance , will not understand will the criminal are punished while they do not know how people are supposed to behave in this world . therefore , to understand the concept and idea are much more important than merely knowing the fact so called .