this is a controversial issue about whether we should be general talent or specific talent . depending on personal expericence , life style and personality , some people will tend to have broad knowledge , while others are pursuing to be the talent who just specialize in one specific subject . the choice , nevertheless , is not easy to make . but in my part , i will definitely choose having broad knowledge of many academic subject . my reason are listed a follows . first of all , broad knowledge just fit the trend of `` knowledge age '' . as we all know , nowadays knowledge is accumulated by multiply but not simply add up . thus it is a urgent need for u to have the broad knowlege to cover most of the academic field so that it can equip u to face the knowledge age . a good point in this is nowadays , the painter or singer who only specialize in one subject often doe n't earn a much a the merchant , who always just know some easy principle of economics but at the same time , master a broad knowlege of many different academic subject so that they can act a a medium towards two different field . secondly , broad knowlege can also enlarge your interest and help you find your true passion . our choice towards be specific talent or general talent are the same a whether to live in one country or many country during your lifetime . evidently , having experience towards several country can help you overcome coulture shock and eventually let you understand your own country deeper . and what 's more , you can compare the merit and drawback of the different country and finnally find what you like . and the way go the same if you choose to be a general talent . last but not the least , lift should be full of variety and colourful . do n't you think you just focus on one specific subject in your entire life is somewhat boring and monotonous ? life is short but it can also be meaningful and interesting , because there 're so many choice offering u and let u think which one or several of them may be our true passion . in addtion , the process of choosing several academic subject is also interesting . admittedly , just specialize in one specific subject ha it own merit . for instance , it can help u to understand certain thing much more deeper than the others . however , owning to having broad knowledge of many academic subject can fit the trend of `` knowledge age '' , fine our true enthusiasm and add colour to our life , i strongly commit to the notion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject .