i disagree with the statement , that , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . the four reason in support to my view , are discussed below . the first reason , is that young people , are spending more time on various field of education like medicine and technology . it is with their persistent effort in these field that , latest invention and development like mobile , internet , vehicle , vaccine , medicine etc. are being made possible . this , in turn make the life of the community more comfortable and happier . the second reason , being the involvement of youth in charity programme and protest . young people , are have the energy and potent , and thus using it to do some part time activity like stage show , marketing exhibition etc . the money that would be collected in these activity , is being diverted to the poor and the needy people in the community . this way the young people are utilizing their leisure time for helping the community . also , the youth are involving in protest , against unjust law of the government , like reservation for backward class , improper municipality condition etc . this way they are representing the problem in the community and protesting for it amelioration . the third , is that the young people organize several get togethers and public function like new year function , christmas , anniversary etc , which help bring the people of a community together . this , not only help in improving social contact , but also improves cordial relation among people of the community , so that each of them can help the others , in time of need . the fourth , is that the young people play many kind of sport . the talented palyers from a particular community , are selected , and they represent the community , in inter-community sport competetions . this way they represent the community and hold up the prestige of their community by playing well and leading the team towards success . thus , the youth do spend time to help their commmunities .