success doe n't happen overnight , it take lot of work and dedication . i believe that succesful people are risk taker . in this paper i will emphasized my opinion with three point : to be successful , people need to make mistake , to be successful people need to take risk , to be successful you people to explore and try new thing . first successful people are not perfect , they learn from their mistake . by making mistake a person depens his experience . the person also open his mind to new way of doing thing . often when someone make a mistake he try to not replicate the mistake later on . let 's take a an example alexander graham bell , when he invented the telephone , he made lot of different adjustment some work some did n't . second , in order to make a mistake a person need to be willing to take risk . if no risk are ever taken there is not mistake that can occur . the same thing happen over and over again . the person is in a cycle . going back to our example , mr. bell wa deaf , how could he have invented a telephone ? do n't you need to hear to be able to speak through a telephone ? mr. bell took a risk in trying to invent abn object that he , himself , could not use . third taking risk also mean that a person need to expore and try new thing . by trying and exploring a person acquire experience and is more able to open his mind to new thing . opening your mind is an important aspect of being succesful because it allows you to see and experience different point of view . mr. bell experience clearly show someone who had an open mind and wa willing to try and explore new thing otherwise he would not have tried to invent a phone but he might have tried to invent something he could have used to communicate a a deaf person . in conclusion , mr bell wa a successful man because he wa willing to make mistake , to take risk and to explore and try new thing . mr bell did not just sit around and do what he already knew , he went ahead and wa successful . so now what are you going to do ? sit around or jump into a successful life ?