the most common idea of marketing is `` to sell the product at any cost '' . and a advertisement , a well a in tv a in newspaper , is a way of marketing , the goal is also pretty clear . they want to show their product from it best side . who would buy a burger if it look like crap . for example an advertisement from burger king , to continue with the `` burger business '' . the company is now marketing it newest burger , the cheesy bacon xxl . you see their advertisement and absolutely want to eat that burger immediately . but why is that so ? because they will show you a situation of complete satisfaction . everybody is happy and everybody eats that burger that look so good . maybe they are also singing a song which is easy to remember and hard to forget , so that you will keep that advertisement in mind , for a very long time . but after a while , you are thinking about that burger again , but the only thing you remember , are the happy people , who are singing this song , and that make you feel good . you probably think you will be a happy a the people in the commercial if you eat that burger . another example is definitely the car company . there is probably no other branch , which is paying so much money for their marketing . but the principle are the same a it is with burger king . you have to attract people and show your product from it 's best side , thats all what matter primarily . lets just have a look at the new mercedes-benz e-class . somehow they say it the now model but there are only some small difference between the new and the old one . but even though , the commercial is so good , that i love that car . because they had maybe some special effect or a cool music in the background . these are the thing that matter . if the product is really awsome doe n't really matter in an good advertisement . so the quote is true , that `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are '' . but there are so many indepedent source which will give you clear information about a product , that it doe n't really matter .