community service is one of the important aspect in which young people have to take part . i believe that young people nowadays have the intension to help their community but they do not give enough time to do that . there might be many factor impeding their involvement in helping the community . young people are known to be the enthusiastic and creative of all age . this enthusiasm , creativity , energy can in fact be used to help their community . firstly , the younger generation are mostly student . they are busy most of the time with their academic stuff like college , school , friend . they hardly get time to think of helping their community . in case if they are having any thought of helping the community , that thought is being masked by the others which he would love or prefer to do . for example , a young boy might be willing to help uneducated child by spending his weekend teaching them the basic concept . but his friend may bring a proposal of going to a picnic the same time . it is the general tendency of young people to prefer the latter to the former . there are many way in which young people can be involved in helping the community . for example , student of medicinal back groung can help create general awareness among their community regarding the disease and the preventive measure that can be taken to avoid the same . this will be an immense help . they might face problem in getting the time for such thing but they can somehow manage thing to do the same like forming a group and taking turn in doing the same . younger people who are student or usually fresher who have started their job career generally try to concentrate on career aspect which demand more time like studying or working hard for their job . this eventually leaf them very le time to help a community . they prefer to relax in the available time rather than helping their community . motivation of younger people to involve in suck service is lacking these day . so , the young people 's involvement to help their community is highly dependent on the time which they can take aside for such service excluding their essential activity .