thinking that the student of today will be the people that will rule the world tomorrow make me agree partially with the statement . infact , what would happend if two leader of two different country had to solve a problem concerning international relation . if they only based their decision on fact that happened in the past , instead of analyzing and understanding the problem , they would probably take the wrong decision . nevertheless the same thing would probably happend if they did not consider or know any solution to past problem similar to the one they are facing now . if a student is capable of understanding idea and concept he will be able to manage any situation regarding those idea and concept . he will be able to analyze and study the problem in depth and , at the end , come out with a `` tailor made '' solution . this is important because if you only learn fact you treat every similar situation in the same way , with the same solution , wich will probably be the wrong one . this is because every situation is peculiar , it ha million of different variable , and , to solve a problem concerning that situation you have to know most of them , and that happens only if you understand the concept that are behind that precise situation . however , learning fact is important because if you do not rely on past experience a a pattern for future decision it is likely to take the wrong decision anyway . what i would like to point out is the fact that both of these approach on how student should study are necessary because they compensate each other . if you combine the them you increase drastically the possibility of finding a solution to problem concerning a topic because you understood the concept and idea that are behind it and you can compare a possible solution with the solution that somebody else took for a similar problem . in my opinion , a balanced mixture of both the two method would be the best solution , that is why i only partially agree with the statement .