advertisement is a very unique skill , it 's is the art of changing the nature of a product and achieve the sale target for a salesman . it 's a very special skill that help the maketeer to obtain his gaol . it can work in both way , it can be an honest advertisement and can be a fake or a dishonest one depending on the company/salesman goal and integrity . any product can be the best or the worst product depending on how it is marketed or advertised for . an advertisement can be the most real , straight forward one or can hide half of the truth about a certain product . it 's no doubt depends on the vision and integrity of the marketeer/salesman . for example sale representative for drug company are required to fit into a certain format look wise , dress wise , way of talking , the car they are driving and so on , because marketing is a science and professional marketeers know for sure that all these small thing matter in the big picture and it ha a great effect on having doctor agree to meet and talk with sale rep and in the end prescribe the product/medicine they are here to sell . second thing is color and shape of the gamexes ( prodcut related gift ) , brochure , and product sample that are distributed by the salesman ha to be greatly taken into account , it ha been studied/shown that certain color affect the mood and influence doctor to write certain prescription medication , also the postion of the gamex on the doctor 's desk can influence his memory to remeber or forget a certain product . so it 's all about a kind of audio visual brain wash that advertising is doing to influence any increase or decrease in sale . this is also shown in the example of the prescription drug and how advertisement make a prodcut seem much better that it really is when the sale rep start explaining to the doctor the benefit of this drug for his patient and not highlighting on the major side effect that the patient might suffer by taking this medication . therefore , i do agree that advertisemants make product seem much better that they really are and everyone should make his/her own research before purchasing any product so that they do n't fall a a prey for advertisement .