in japan , where i live , many people agree with the idea that car will reduce in several decade . for the following reason , however , i do disagree with the statement that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenty year . first , there will be no sufficient alternative which reduce the numer of car in twenty year . for example , sophiscated train system can be alternative for car , but to construct such train system in the whole world is impossible . i live in a rural area in japan , where there is no railway . since the number of population is not large and the cost perfomance of building railroad is not good , nobody plan to introduce a train system . there are many area in the world such a my town in the world , where the number of population is raising rapidly . this population growth will result in an incereasing number of car . this example strongly show that there will be no alternative which reduce the numer of car in twenty year . second , car are very convinient for people to move something or theirselvers , so that people keep using car in the future . for example , people often use car to move heavy luggage . by the way , people tend to live longer , and the number of elder peple is increasing . the older a person get , the weaker a person becomes . this mean increasing elder people depends on more car to move their heavy luggage , even in every day shopping . the number of elder people in my neighbour who harness car to carry what they bought in a supermarket is actually increasing and keep utilizing them . this example definitely demonstrates that car are very convinient for people to move something or theirselvers , so that people keep using car in the future . therefore , with the reason and example i mentioned above , i absolutely disagree with the statement that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenty year . i believe that people will use car in the future , but i wish more ecologic car would be invented to not pollute the atomosphere of the earth any more .