success is not about `` how you do thing '' but it is about `` how do you do thing different from others '' . i completly agree to this phrase , successful people are the one who do thing in a different manner , and who are more creative and accept change . success count on your ability to create something different and therefore , i feel successful people always search for new idea and new method of presenting them to people . let me speak about a successful person , mr. bill gate , every single person on this earth ha heard this name . he wa the one who contributed in creating the best way to use computer and made learning computer and using them so easy . he wa a known person and he became successful for one main reason `` he acheived it first '' . the idea that he had for being successful could have been used by someone else and this would have not given him that fame nor the credit , because he wa the first person to invent and start the new technology he wa so well known . it is important to be creative and to do thing different from others for being successful but also the time that you use to achieve your goal is important . this is the main reason people prefer taking risk in whatever they do and this help them to grow better and faster a a professional and also a human being . doing thing that ha already been discovered will not make you successfull a you will just be following the successfull person . people who feel secured in their comfort zone wont try to do thing new a they are scared of the failure they might come across and they will do thing only if someone before them had tried and know that it work without any problem or risk . people with different attitude towards life but the same qualification work a collegues , but some grow faster some stay where they are due to the factor of taking risk and trying to do thing better than others . thats one of the reason being successful is difficult , a it requires you to use your brain and work towards achieving the goal that you have set within a particular span of time , rather then sitting and waiting for someone else to do it for you .