it may be a rel problem , if young people do not feel responsible for their social environment . but it remains the question , if this is really the fact . one might think , that teenager only want to spend a good time , and therefore they tend to neglegt their social task , which everybody who life in a society ha to fulfill . they are to much occupied in having fun with some friend or lerning for school or univesity . therefore it would be important to give more incentive or commitements to the young people to help their community . but in my opinion this is not the fact at all . i think that there are several way somebody can contribute to a community and i think a lot of youg people do so . this is because there are some activity which are likely to be made , that mean there are case , where helping is n't only work , but instead of this also a lot of fun . thus , helping in the community can sometimes be seen a a hobby , where one can gather experience for his life . it is also possible to meet some friend while working , or also to get to know new friend . as an example , i would think about the work in the teenage section of a political party . on the one hand the positve work of such group indicate a benefit for the community , on the other hand it is also a great opportunity to lern about the life . so for interested teenager , this is a good option , which is n't only theoretical , but can also be found in the reality . furthermore , there are several young people who start a trainer in the local sport team . it is often the case , that they do this , because there is a younger family member in a team , which they want to support , but obviously they thereby help others a well . in case like this , one teenager can follow his own hobby and by the way he is able to do a good job either in the family and the society . of course one ha to be aware of the fact , that although there is plenty of kid who help in their community , there are always some others who do nothing like that . but i think it is unfair to say that everbody spends too le time for helping others , because it 's always worth mentioning the helpful one a well . and of course there are lot of teenager like that .