i am 25 year old , so my personal experience only cover half of the statement , the part regarding young people ; however i can look at my relative or at other elder people to infer something about how do thay enjoy life . in a first appoximation , i think that each one enjoy his \ her life in a different way , so it is not easy to generalize this evaluation distinguishing between younger and older people . however , i have to point out that a necessary ( even not sufficient ) condition for a person to enjoy his \ her life is to have a good health ; and it is statistically true that older people have more chance to have a bad health apart from this first consideration , there are some other matter of fact about how youngers and olders conduct their life . in fact , a very important consideration ha to be done about work . younger people have to work harder than the olders that often are on retirement , so the younger have le time to spend for their own enjoyment ( and , depending on the retirement system , they can also have le money ! ) . nonetheless , young people have more opportunity to have fun because most of enterteinments better fit to them ( such a disco , some kind of sport activity , some kind of concert or travel , etc . ) . the negative aspect connected with this wider range of opportunity is that sometimes young people suffer of a kind of `` anxiety '' of having fun and doing lot of thing , which end to make them always unhappy with what they are doing . in fact , it is true that maybe older people have a different way of approaching to life that allows them to get the best from every situation and to enjoy more of simple thing . this different `` way of appreciating '' thing perhaps derives from their maturity , their whole experience and make their life more relaxed and sometimes more serene . in conclusion , i think that it is not possible to completely agree or disagree with the statement because it depends on individual attitude and external condition how a person can enjoy his \ her life during different period . once more i see that life is more complicated and people are more different one to another than it can be described in a short phrase .