i do agree this statment but then they can not generalise this . we have got some statement to support our proposition . nowadays people are becoming busy with their own work and not finding the least of the time to help and bring up the community around them . the generalisation is unfair based on the fact that the voluntary organisation are still holding their service and they are not extinct . ofcourse this proposition is validated in a way that atleast their number ha gone down . this is because a few of the young may be really interested in helping the society . also very few class in young student may find these activity helping their career in turn . for example humanity and social science student find that these activity are improving them in their academic career . so even if they work they may not be working wholeheartedly . in that way the no of people finding a career in these science are in turn very few . so partly the proponent is true . people who are more interested may not find time to carry out these activity beside their career . the career heading in one direction and themselves in the other . in that way the current society losing the devoted people . there should be an organised program to bring up these people towards stream like humanity and social science . this may be a pratical difficulty . so , i am saying that this statement is true to some extent . some people are leading their career to dual career . in that case obviously those people are more devoted . and atleast they ar also people are more or le selfinterested and they can n't help others . the reason being their need and desire are not satisfied and they spend almost all of their time in meeting their demand . not the least they take care of others in such a case . one possible reason for such an attitude in young people is that they are new to this world , they look at others and try to imitate them . this in turn brings in desire to these soul . and they want to enjoy their time meeting their demand . so even if it so there are people committed enough to live for others . we have got several example in our history to support our statement . for example everybody in our country know the name of mother teressa . because she is one of those devoted to these activity . she made her life `` living for the poor and the diseased '' . when you remember certain people like her we may feel that the given proposition is unfair . but in most other time the statement is true and we have got our soul to give the evidence .