i dont think that in twenty year ther will be fewer car than now because sale of car are increasing day by day . more people are using car a it is easy to own a car today and many low cost car are coming into the depending on demand of people an usage . twenty year from now there will be more and more people coming to city and town in search of job and other requirement and population is increasing day by day . so after few year many people would require car for their personal use . now the number of car are le becuase becuase big car company donot go into remote place and village to sell the car a many people dont buy them . in future they might go into remote place in order to increase their sale . this is not possible today for many car company because they dont have many fund to do provide car and market them in village . now a day there is only one car per family because only one person work in a family in india . in the future both wife and husband may work and both require car . needs of people are growing , people who own a two wheeler today want to shift to a car tomorrow . population is increains so to meet the increasing demand of the people more car are manufactured so that every person can own a car and not depend on others . car company are increasing their production day by day in order to get more profit and the company will prosper . they are increasing their production seeing the increaing demand in the market . demand is increasing in the market a better road are laid , better infrastructure is devloped and policy are made such that cost of the car come down and even common man can own a car . these all reason suggest that more and more car will be used by people in the future . many bank and financial company are bringing out plan so that it is easy for a person to earn a car . this plan will increase the number of car on road a it is no longer a burden to own a car . due to advancement in technology new car are coming with more latest feature which make a person 's desire to eard a car . growth in technology and way of manufacturing car are bringing out many car which are advancement to their previous model . through all this mean it will increase the number of car in the near future . before car wa used a just a transportation mediun . now it is not like that a owning a car is a passion and even desire to some people . there were only few feature in car before but now a day the feature in car are multiple , with this you along with driving can do other work like listening to music relaxing and even office paper work a car donot shake or give disturbace while driving . improvement in technology is making car driving easy and ride more and more comfortable . so with all these reason i dont think that number of car after twenty year will come down but they will increase in number and increase in varities satisfying wide range of people using it .