i totally agree with the statement that the young people today really do n't spend enough time helping their community . and that is also what i do n't want to see and expect . in the following disscusion , i will present the reason which cause the result and how to solve the problem . the first reason why the young people today do n't give time to help their community is that there are more and more thing attract them . when the young student are after class , they may do some activity with their friend such a shoping or something like that . the beautiful clothes in the department store or the popular video game in the club may attract them . that mean that they will pay more attention on what they like and spend more time on what they are intereted in . so that is why the young people do not give enough time to help their community . there are lot of thing they want . it make sence that they may forget some other important thing such a the community stuff . the second reason is that the most young people tend to take the material they have for granted . they do not appreciate it because they think that they deserve it . so maybe they will think that the community stuff is not their business and they do n't have to take the responsibility for it . toward this problem , i think the best solution is education . we have to teach the young people about their duty of helping their community . a good community is based on many people 's effort . we have to let them know that they are also the part of the community . so they should spend enough time toward it no matter what reason they have . to be more specific , let me give an example to explain more clearly . each of u all belongs to a family . so who should spend time on the household thing . i think that you will say each member in the family should spend time on them . and that is what i want to say . just like this example , each member in the community should give enough time to help their community because they are the member in the community . t sum up , i agree that in today 's society , young people really spend le time to help the community . and the reason why is just like what i mention above . what we can do is try our best to teach them about the importance of the participation in the community .