i would agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . first of all if you learn to understand concept it help you to draw your own conclusion from it . which mean that by understanding a concept the student are encouraged to think for themselves and maybe even question the concept . this is very important to keep the student interested in the subject they are studying . another thing that is positive about understanding idea or concept is that you get a general idea about it whereas fact most of the time give you a specific information about something which doe not let any room for imagination or own thought . in my opinion it is also easier to remember concept once you understood them than it is to remember fact . facts are something that student keep in mind while they are talking about the related topic at school or university . when they are finished talking about the topic they also forget most of the fact but somehow the idea and concept of it remain and student will remember them for a longer period of time . moreover it is the case that you can use most of the concept that you managed to understand in real life , which mean that they remain important even when you are not at school or university anymore . this is not the case with fact . as i already said they are linked to one specific topic and you can tell them to someone but they will not be of further use . the most persuading fact though is that if you forget some fact about something you can find them in text book or in the internet and you can read them again . it is different with concept or idea . it is very helpful to have someone to explain a concept or an idea so that you can fully understand it and once someone ha explained it to you you can be sure that you understood it . whereas if you read a concept or and idea in the textbook most of the time it is not a easy to understand . as you can see i am really convinced that understanding idea or concept is much more important than learning fact . you could simply say that it is more of a long-term use and therefore more practical .