i disagree with the statement that argues most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . i think most people are mislead by few aggressive opinion and blaming advertisement for wrong reason . however , i admit that there are some advertisement , especially in food , hotel and restaurant , that try to make false impression on consumer by adding color or increasing the volume or showing picture of long time ago . but in most case , i think most advertisement are honest about their product . especially thanks to the arising public awareness , company are being more careful to be truthful and honest when communicating to consumer through advertisement . the main purpose of advertisement is to make people want to consume or buy a product or service . in order to do that , advertisement focus on getting attention to draw interest from consumer . that is why they use famous actor and actress or flashy visuals or loud and upbeat music . but that doe not have anything to do with making the product or service look better at all . if a pair of clothes look better when it 's put on by famous actress in an advertisement than by yourself , it is only your imagination that it look better in the ad . these effect make people feel happy or imagine something fun which lead them to think that the product look good or beautiful . but it is important to be aware that it is not because they did something to the product . advertisements are only adding context to the product to let the people imagine something fun or beautiful and have that imagination relate to the product . when people watch or see advertisement , they should be aware of this effect to protect themselves from false impression caused by their own imagination . in addition to that , partly due to regulation , there are advertisement which describe not only the strength and benefit but also risk and weakness associated with the product such a prescription drug . it seems contradictory to the main purpose of advertisement but in the end , honest communication should be paid off by trust and loyalty from consumer . i think the importance of honest communication between company and consumer are being recognized in the corporate world .