i will agree with the argument that it is much more important for the student to understand the gist of the idea and concept than to learn fact . it is obvious that student will not spend their entire life at school . eventually , they will graduate and will work in environment where they will need to apply the idea and concept they learned at school . in order to be successful in their professional life , it is crucial for them to absorbe the material that they are given at school such a idea and concept . a student in international affair major must know realism , liberalism and the theory behind it . he/she ha to know how communism ha emerged , what lied beneath it . how it differs from liberalism ? what constructivism mean ? how it relates the current school of thought ? knowing the fact will not solely help the student to analyze what the real situation brings . it is not argued here that learning fact is not important and student do not need them . it is obviously important . ideas and concept should definitely be applied to fact , meaning real world situation . without applying the theory to factual incident , learning concept will be useless and meaningless . however , without understanding the gist of the theory , student will encounter hardship in analyzing real world situation . without knowing what liberalism is and what it brings to the country , a student will not be able analyze completely the certain fact that he/she face in professional life . another point to mention is , idea and concept do not change abruptly . it usually take a certain period of time for an idea to evolve and to find credence . but fact change all the time . an issue that is important today may differ tomorrow . a student ha to update his/her knowledge to keep up with the agenda . and without having the fundamental background , a student will not achieve success in analyzing new fact . to say the least , i agree with the statement that it is much more important for a student to understand the idea and concept than just learning fact . ideas and concept do not change