i do n't think it can be considered a a `` natural rule '' the fact that older people enjoy life le than young people do . at the same time i must say that it is what generally happens , and for several reason . first of all , we live in a society ( i 'm specifically talking about the italian society ) in which the age a person decides to leave his family , for many reason such a lack of job opportunity , lack of `` bravery '' and so on , is close to 30 . this mean that , until that age , young people do n't face a lot of responsabilities they 'll be obliged to face in the future . less responsabilities for young people mean at the same time : a ) more available time for them , who generally use it to enjoy life ; b ) le available time , and more and more thought in consequence to their responsabilities , for the parent . this is the general scheme of a normal italian family 's dynamic . fortunately it-s not always like that . my personal experience support me stating hat . in fact i left my house when i wa 18 and i came to live and study here in milan , where i found a job and have my life without any dependence from anyone . that allowed also my parent to spend the time they `` earned '' in some other activity , like having hobby , or developing their personal interest . enjoying their time . enjoying their life . even if this is the most important reason that brings me to affirm that young people generally enjoy their life more than older one , there 's a second that is just a physiological reason . it is not difficult to understand that when we are young , we feel like we can climb mountain , travelling around the world without stop . we are full of energy , our body are ready to face almost every kind of situation . it is not the same thing for older people , who necessarely have to maintain a sort of proportion between their effort and the force they dispose of . a lot of thing become forbidden just for physical reason . but on the other hand , a i said before , older people can enjoy their life in a different way , proportioned to their possibility , like travelling , or developing interest