i partially agree with the statement . i consider it true for a certain kind of product and false for other kind of product . i will explain my opinion by going through the purpose of advertisement , how it work and some practical example of how it could actually improve a product or just how it could only make it seem better . the purpose of advertisement is to express one or more idea related to the product that is advertised in order to increase the appreciation of the product and therefore to convince to buy it or eventually just to agree with the message the advertismement want to communicate . the final image that the advertisement give about the subject could be true or false , bad or good , but anyway if the product is ment to be just a carrier of that image or cluster of idea associated , the advertisement is functional to the improvement of the product . examples of a product meant to carry an idea are generally status symbol or fashion product . typically a purse or a very expensive watch have basic function regarding their original purpose , but these object are mostly considered for what they look like and the sensation they give due to esthetic value that determine the quality of an image : in fact , they could even not be functional but still used ! the advertisement increase or eventually refines the idea associated with the object so that the message advertised are totally functional with the product . another example for these kind of product are all type of sportswares to which the advertisement give the impression that by using it the performance would increase . self suggestion in this case actually would increase the performance due to the image carried by the product . examples of advertisments that make product seem much better than they really are , are those product that do not carry image importance , but that just need to be functional . a simple example could be a set of knife that the advertisement show to be very handy and that cut very well but only beacuse in the demonstration only cooked vegetable were cut . another example could be a tool box set that look great and shiny but is made of cheap material that deform easily upon medium mechanical stress .