`` jack of all but master of none '' is the saying that is used to convey the meaning of the statement . i do agree that we go to have a knowledge of many academic subject rather than to specialize in one . the reason for this is the current world need flexibility i.e it not necessary that you master a single subject but you must know the concept of different subject . moreover there is no subject that is self contained , every subject ha got some co-relation with others forexample physic ha got math into it biology ha got physic principle into it so are the others . a student need to be well verse with the basic of many subject , for the practical problem that he face are not confined to a single subject . what would be the use if you master physic principle and can not solve a practical physic problem given with equation ? thats where you got to to apply math . the child would observe his surroundings in a broader perspective if he is exposed to different subject . he can understand every law that governs different situation in this world . broad knowledge on all the subject would give a wide scope of building up intrest while specialization would be rather boring to study . as flexibility is needed to survive in this world we must have a broad knowledge of subject because if there arises a situation where the principle of the subject you master fail so it mandatory that you make a transition . if you lack knowledge on other subject then you would perish in the situation . aother practical example is a child who ha mastered in computer science would confine himself to the computer there would be no other world beyond it . if the computer crash down due to some faliure for instance due to power faliure in his house he would have no other option to call up the board to rectify the minor problem . in contrast if he ha got the knowledge about electrical principle he would be rectifying it all by himself there by saving his money and time . this is the reason why educational institution have been teaching their student various subject so a to have an all round development in different field of the student .