i partially agree with the statement . the human race is full of diversity & complexity , especially the human mind `` no two people think alike '' & this is a major cause of conflict between individual in everyday life . thinking about the proverb : `` successful people dont do different thing , they do thing differently '' . being able to try new thing , without pondering over the risk of failure , is indeed courageous , infact an innovation might seem precarious , but being able to work on it & trying to prove it to others , being able pursue people to accept it , is in itself a painstaking & tedious job . it would definitely consume a lot of time , because , being able to convince others , when everyone think differently , is in itself a cumbersome task . yes , one might be successful in the long run , because no effort go wasted , but one need to have a lot of patience & perseverance . for example : trying to introduce a new drug in to the pharmaceutical industry is possible for a very diligent & patient person who is willing to carry out research , animal study , clinical trial , approval from the fda , then finally introduce the drug in the market , this can take up to several long year . in the mean time several small industry might manufacture existing drug after their patent expire , which is quicker , entail le risk , and ofcourse surity of the product sale , low cost . doing only what one already know is definitely easier . doing thing `` differently '' might involve an enterpreneur who come up with an extremely lucrative marketing strategy , but about marketing the same product , which were not doing too well initially , but suddenly have started doing great . here the person is very successful by not doing something different , but doing thing `` differently '' . success is not limited to few thought & strategy , but is a combination of various constructive thought & effort , put forward by an individual or various individual , to make thing work in a constructive & productive way . the definition of a successful person might not always be the one who is willing to try new thing & take risk , but may also be the one who think of doing thing he already know in a more `` innovative way '' & still be a huge success , for example : donald trump , who ventured in to real estate business , which is not something new , but not everyone who venture in to real estate go even close to donald trump , because `` he doe thing differently '' . ofcourse , the who know how to take a `` calculated risk '' by making sure he doesnt suffer if the risk doesnt work in his favour , can definitely be successful . so i partially agree with the above mentioned statement .