to answer to the question `` do advertisement exaggracete the product ? '' may change from person to person . so , people have different opinion about most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are or not . i strongly support the this opinion . from today 's point of view , i can list many reason for that . firstly , advertisement aim lot of sale . producers produce the their product to earning money . last year i saw very big advertisement about computer on the television and i bought one . but i do not like it . because advertisement said that this computer is incredible fast , you could not find faster one . but i recognize that it wa really slow after i use it . i want to refuse this computer , but company said that we can pay just half price to you . secondly , to sell the any product is difficult . because generally people do not want to spend more money . people have some difficulty about future and they tend to accumulation . for this reason , producer need an exaggracete advertisement . indeed , there is the exaggarecete in the advertisement habitat . in addition to what i have mentioned before , i should say that advertisement is needed for people . if there is no advertisement , people do not find product which they need . advertisements help to people that decide to which product should buy . on the other hand some time advertisement cause the really good product . for example one company sell it product with big advertisement . so , people think about these product is good . if the product do not really good , people should hear this situation and sale are decrease and then accompany will lose . so , company want to produce good product . while i can say advertisement make product seem much better than they realy are , i can not say whole product are worst than they really are . some product which produce from well-known mark are really good . i tried to explain the reason of my opinion . all of these are the reason why i agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than really are .