yes , i agree that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . for example , a product say a shampoo or some beauty product is advertised in an extra-ordinary manner with a beautiful woman , a serene background , a great and pompous music and captivating puchlines and narration . but , in reality i dont think the product would be so great . it would be like any other beauty product that we may be using with slight difference in colour , odour and ofcourse , the price . most company advertise their product in this manner because , they have to compete with other company which manufacture similar product . each manufacturing company want to be ahead of all of it counterpart . so , each company try to advertise it product in a unique manner so that conmsumers are attracted towards it product . they advertising procedure is unique but the product will be some what similar . this is because , a product manufactured to meet a particular requirement ha more or le the same ingredient . for example , basic ingredient of a cold cream will always be the same . so , each manufacturer ha to use the same basic ingredient to manufature the cold cream . the thing which can be different are the colour and odour of the cold cream , it packing style etc . other reason for such pompous advertisement could be to lure the consumer to buy more and more of their product . if advertising is done in a grand way by involving a popular personality or a celebrity then that would attract more attention and will help in the increasing the sale of the product . for example , if a product is endorsed by a hollywood star , then many of his/her fan and admirer would buy the product out of their adulation towards the star . so , advertising is done in a very grand and pompous manner using various marketing technique in order to increase the sale of a product , though the product may not be a great a it would be shown in the advertiment . this is done to increase the sale of the product so that it brings in profit to it manufacturing company .