i agree with the statement that successful people try innovative method / thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . i would like to explain the reason for my agreement with the statement with the help of a few example . i believe that most successful people have proved to the world and to themself that they are capable individual . therefore , only if they do some thing different and innovative , it would give them pleasure . as per mr. a. maslow 's motivation theory , these individual have reached the final motivation stage of `` self-acculization '' , hence only self-pride motivate them . i would like to give the example of mr. sunil mittal ( chairman of bharti telecommunications ) and mr. anil ambani ( chairman of anil dhirubhia ambani group ) . mr. mittal is the chairman of one of india 's largest mobile tele-communication company , which control almost 30 % market share in the gsm network in india . recently , mr. mittal ha announced a plan to setup a `` organized retail venture '' in partnership with walmart . retail and tele-communications are very diverse sector , but mr. mittal is keen to enter into the organized retail space in india for marketing consumer product . this show that a person who owns and operates one of the largest company in india is ready to explore unchartered territory to take on a new challenge . mr. anil ambani is the chairman of one of the most reputed group in india . officially , he is ranked among the richest men ( top five ) in india . he ha started an organization of acquiring secured debt / loan of distressed company in india . he plan to turnaround make profit by acquiring the liability of these company at nominal value and then by selling the company to strategic player operating in the same industry a the distressed player . this business line is completely different from what the group already doe . therefore , i strongly believe that successful people try new thing and take on risk rather than do what they are already good at .