world of advertisment in the competitive environment of business every company try to prove that it is better than another . one way to give such an impression is `` advertisement '' . one aspect of this advertising issue is the conservation of honesty . do the company prefer their product to be presented in a way better than they really are ? unfortunately , yes they do . this concept will be analysed based on the following argument : true aim of giving advertisement , when to give advertisement , comparison of the product we see and we buy . to begin with , it should be clear that , company ' intention in giving advertisement is to make their product sold . that is why they give money to advertisement maker , hoping that after this campaign there will be a dramatic increase in the profit of the company . moreover , some company prefer to give advertisement before a new product is out for sale . due to the fact that no one ha ever seen it , they can manuplate the appearance of the product such that it will look perfectly and be more prone to be bought . secondly , a company might plan giving advertisement on product which have a lower selling rate recently . for instance , if a shampoo is not selling enough , the company agrees with a very well known artist or popstar for showing up in an ad and saying `` i am also using this shampoo , if you want to have a beautiful hair a mine you should also use this . '' actually , most people are aware that she is not using that shampoo . nevertheless , they have a tendency and temptation to buy it . thirdly , apart from the fake suggestion and manuplations done on the picture with the computer , what is shown in the advertisement is the first appearance of the product , not what we buy from the market . there are several step during transportation and storage where the product might be ruined . on the other hand , if they show u the picture of the product prr to being sold in the market , most probably people will not buy it . as a conclusion , being trustwothy in giving advertisement is not a required behaviour in the area of business . people show their product in such a way that they look better than they really are due to aforementioned reason such a : why actually they are giving advertisement , at certain time point advertisement are necessary and the product we buy is apparently distinct from the one we see . eventually , these idea support the hypothesis that advetisements make these product seem better than they really are .