nowadays , young people would not like to give their time to helping their community . there are several reason to cause this problem . in my opinion , most of the young people are egoist . in their mind , they are not responsible to do something to helping their community . their only responsibility is to helping their own house . besides that , they also think about that they can spend money to hire some guard or cleaner to keep the community safe and clean . for example , my friend , jean every month her family pay the maintanance fee to the maintanance department . she had never attend any meeting in her community . as i asked her why she did not attend the meeting , she answered me that she had paid the money and she wa very busy to maintance her own house . secondly , the young people nowadays spend most of their time in studying . it is because our parent always told u that if we got good result , then we would have a great future also . most of our parent would like u to concentrate in our studying and disagree u to join extra activity to waste time . for example , i am a person who like to join the community activity . once day , my mother told me that she is not willing to see me spend my time in those activity . it is because she think if i spend the time to join activity to studying , my result would be better . however she doe not like me to join the activity , but i still attend those activity because i can learn more . finally , some young people think that helping their community are boring job . they would prefer to playing online game and watching television programme at home or chatting with friend are more atrractive . some young girl always say that it wa very tired to do the job in their community , but i think they would not say that shopping in the shopping complex is also very tired . for example , my brother is a very lazy person . as we ask him to do anything , he will refuse u and sleep on the sofa . sometime a his friend ask him to go to cyber cafe playing online game , he will wake up immediately . it is because the community job can not attract him . as my conclusion , young people do n't like to spend their time to helping their community because they are egoism , they are busy in their studying and the community job are not attractive .