obviously this is true . everybody know that marketing 's importance in everyday 's life is growing faster and faster everyday ; and advertisement play a fundamental role in this `` play '' . the impact of image and sound during a product 's advert is more important than the quality of the product itself . how many time do we buy a particular kind of biscuit , cake , cleaning item , tissue , shoe ( and so on ) just because the day before we saw that fantastic advert with that catchy tune ? well , i think that this happens very very often . nowadays every serious company ha got some expert people thinking about marketing strategy to have their product well spread . and the main part of these study go to advertisement . this study is based upon a lot of other thing : people thought , poll and so on . exploiting this information with accuracy , company choose a mix of sound and image that catch our attention . so , the point is : i agree with this statement , because it is obviously true and recognized ( who could say it isnt ? ) , but i do n't agree with the way the company exploit this kind of thing . i mean , yes it 's their work , but sometimes there 's so much difference between advertisement and quality that we could call it a crime ! these kind of thing happens in music too . . when some popular music magazine like the nme want to `` launch '' a particular band , it begin putting these band 's picture everywhere , on the cover , on the back , in the middle etcera , so that the young kid think '' oh , the nme ca n't be wrong '' ... the consequence is that these band reach a level of success that is not proportional to it skill . in the same way , company spend lots of money in buying advertisement space in television or in the street or in internet site for their product and only a few for the product itself ! yes , it 's nice to see some advert on tv ( maybe featuring some nice girl hehe ) , but i do n't agree with this excess hype . companies should spend le money for advert and a little more for the stuff they produce !