i agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . first of all , young people nowadays tend to care about themselves more than paying attention to other people . with the highly develop society , there are much more interesting and significant thing occupying young people ' mind . for instance , they would like to spend two hour or more reading book in the library or seeing vedios and playing computer game at home instead of helping their community which may gain them nothing in the near future . furthermore , most young people nowadays are not aware of the idea of `` community '' anymore . the identity of being part of the community is getting weaker and weaker . some of them even do n't notice about their living in a community . for example , apartment o house have bacome the main style of building nowadays . young people leave their house in the early morning and come back to the very same place at late night . how can we expect them to know each other with their neighborhood ? this kind of living style weakens young people 's identity of community . naturally , they will not pay attention to a society which they are unfimiliar with . finally , considering about this so-called efficeint society , task about community are almost done by certain worker or employee of these community . by this way , a community becomes a epitome of a factory . everyone ha it 's own job and only do what he or she is asked to do . take my family 's community a an real example . we hired four people to do every task in our community . by this way , we young people take task related to the community to be done by them a granted . in summary , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community because of individual reason and also some unavoidable reason such a modern structure of building . however , i belive that young people should spend more time to enjoy with our community . via real careness to our communication , we can make our place to be better and impeccable in every aspect .