in general i support the idea that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than doing thing they already know . to support this statement you first have to look at the reason why people become successful in the first place . you also have to have a look at the word successful and to evaluate it definition . successful people - usually we are thinking of people who are successful in more than one aspect of life , e.g. work , family , sport . .. we consider them to be above average . but what do you have to do to become above average ? it requires you to go a step further when other people stop , or to use way and mean that nobody ha used before you . a successful scientist , for example , ha to abandon worn out path and try something new , look in a direction that noone ha looked before or exploit a field that ha been considered a irrelevant . by this he move himself on a brink , because leaving the standard route always implies the possibility of failure . a manager who ha the reputation for being able to fix unsuccessful enterprise had to do the unusual to stand out of the row of manager before him , who all but failed . however , to reach true excellency you have to take risk and do something new - otherwise you will remain average . additionally , if you are already successul you have the monetary or social background that you can risk something without gambling with your bare existence . if you hardly have enough money to feed your family you will be le likely to do anything that might harm you in a way that you wo n't be able to support them anymore . on the other hand , if you have sufficient resource at hand you can afford adventure and failure , a they might onlyu set you back a bit but not deprive you of your way of living . having said this , it is easy to infer why successful people tend to be riskier or otherwise exceptionnel : they had to have these strain in their character to become successful at all and they have le consequence to fear . their ability to cope with failure and their exploratory sense make them more affected to being truly unusual .