i think that most advertisement make product seems much better than they really are . they do make lot of good more appealing , and colorful or handy . the truth reveals when you buy it and u it . although advertisement is imprtant to a new product in the market , to show people a new line of food , computer or service . it doe not require to run the advertisement too many time a day . i think that any good relaiable good and service will eventualy control the market , regardless of how many time other product would run their advertisement because they will fail in the selling process a long a they are not a good . when i want to buy a computer , for example , i think first of dell , although there are lot of other popular brand which they have lot of advertisement that run several time on several tv chanal and even on the newspaper . i still like dells ' computer . i guess lerning from personal experiance is way more valiable than all the nice thing you see and hear about a product in an advertisement . another example of service . when it come to a tv cable i like direct tv , . this also because of a personal experiance . the service that i had before wa not relaiable and nothing even close to what they advertise . you could never talk to a person when you call them after having a problem . which happened to occure too many time . like losing the singnal . aside from that . i had always woundered how much these people ( producer ) are making to be able to afford these expensive advertisement . because this tell me that the product would really be much cheaper if they have not wasted lot of money on these advertisement . although the role of advertisement is very important , it mostly ha been over used . for example , in the city where i live i keep seeing this advertisement on tv that talk about how wounderful this chain of resturants are . the funny part is , this chain of resturants is not existed in the state where i live . total wast of money , unless they expect from me to travel to other state to have a dinner .