in today 's developping and competitive world , not only the introduction of a new product to the market is important , but also the way used to attract people 's attention to that product is essential . the business which includes this process of making a product seem attractive to the public is called the advertisement industry . although it may contribute a lot to the sale of the product , i strongly agree that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . there are two main reason why i support this idea . first of all , the aim of an advertisement is to increase the amount of product sold . so , most of the time the advertisors tend to exaggerate the benefit of the product . as better the product is presented , the more people will buy it . as a result , the advertisors misinform the public and present the product a a super product which actually is not . secondly , based on my personal experience i think that most product turn out to have harmful effect that are never mentioned in the advertisement . the problem is the advertisors tend to mention only the positive aspect of a product and they ignore the negavite effect of it . when the customer us the product , he or she come across the negative effect of it a well . so the value of the product immediately decrease for the customer . for example , a few month ago a washing powder claimed to be perfect for washing machine turned out to cause severe damage on the machine . now , the advertisement of the washing powder is no longer seen on television and the sale have decreased considerably . in conclusion , advertisement are needed for giving u information about new product . however , the fact that they most of the time do not reflect the actual quality of a product decrease the reliability of the advertisement . so we should keep in mind that no product is a super a it is presented in the advertisement and that they may always have negative effect which are never mentioned in advertisement .