i fully agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than it is for them to learn fact . of course , fact are important . it is essential to know certain basic fact in almost all field of study : for instance , a literature student must know about the main epoques of literature through the century , a science student must know certain formula by heart . yet a knowledge of fact that go beyond these basic is not a important a having understood the underlying idea and concept . facts may be changing . new style of literature will develop , new engineering technique will evolve . yet the main concept underlying these new development will not change . they can still be applied , be it in an academic environment when writing an essay or sitting an exam or be it in the workplace when new method or production technique will have to be understood and assessed . i am a lawyer and therefore know very well that no scenario resembles the other . every case differs from the other , at least in nuance . therefore , in order to be able to find a solution to a case , one must have understood the rationale behind legal doctrine . only then will one be able to apply a doctrine to an unnknown set of fact . moreover , fact can be looked up in book or are available online . facts can also be digested fairly easily . they may be complex , but they are hardly ever incomprehensible . on the contrary , concept can not easily be looked up in a book . they are often hard to understand . they will often need explanation and in-depth reading . that is why we actually study them , often for year . this is why attend university . understanding concept and idea is the key to organising the myriad of fact there are . human knowledge ha multiplied over the past decade . facts are readily available over the internet . therefore i believe that it is even more important to understand idea and concept nowadays than it wa 50 year ago . otherwise we are running the risk of being inundated with fact not knowing how to handle them . it is for these reason that i am convinced that understanding idea and concept is much more important for student than to learn fact .