successful people do thing differently than a common man . '' i agree to this `` maxim '' . i believe succesful peopple have the ability to do same thing differently and in different way than a comman man can do or think of . in my opinion , doing or trying new thing make a person more courageous , active and dynamic . these are some of the thing that make some of them enterpreneurs . entepreneures are the one who try out different thing , they donot like to be tied down by the conventional norm of life , they are free spirited and generally follow what their heart say them to do . these people enjoy thier work better than a person who doe thing he know to do or is expected to do . for instance , a clerk he doe not do anything novel in his day to day life , he merely come to office every morning , attends the customer , go back home , collect his paycheck at the end of the month and thus lead a dull , monotous life . whereas a life of a research scinetist is different , he try different way that can lead him to a solution , his mind is more active or the life of an entrepreneur or a business man , who is thriving to satisfy his basic need , his thirst for innovation . ofcourse these people can many time experience a lot of frustration and ups and down in their career . there may not be any monetary stability or the comfort that i m going to get a certian amount of money by the end of the month . thus , they can expect to have lot of fluctuation . but their basic nture , their soul always search for novelty . these people also in their process of finding good thing do a lot of god for the general public a well . some of the example of people trying out new thing and taking risk are scientist einstein , newton , van slyke etc. and many other business man like , dhirubhai ambani , bill gate . mr s. bhatia , the internet guy because of his risk taking ability and his search for new thing , the world got introduced to the silicone valley . so many time , the general public reaps the fruit sowed by these risk taker in my opinion , it is important to try out new thing in life , if you wish to have more creativity and nobility in life , that way one can keep onself from becoming a laid back and a laggard . keeping oneself amidst the modern technology and trying out new thing a they are introduced in the market can help a lot . if one get stuck to the age old thing and technology according to me , one is not moving with the world and is hindering one progress . i strongly believe , trying out new innovative thing and taking a little bit of calculated risk would do no harm to a common man but would rather act a a stepping stone in his progress thus , the key to success is to adopt or try new thing and to take calculated risk inorder to climb the ladder of success in one 's life .