i believe that succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . in fact , there are only few people who can be considered truely successful in the world , in spite the fact that many people do what they already know how to do well . besides , it is hard for a person that doe what he or she already know how to do well to be recognized for that reason and , thus , to succeed in the middle of a crowd . finally , some of the most famous successful people in the world clearly illustrate that successful people try new thing and take risk . on the one hand , if it only took doing what one already know how to do well to be successful , many people in the world would be successful , and this is not the case . in fact , many people in the world dedicate their entire life to doing what they learnt through formal education or experience how to do well . however , there are only very few truely successful people in the world . furthermore , there are many people who , in spite of having always done what they knew what to do well , have never become successful . for that reason , one may conclude that it take much more than doing what one know how to do well in order to be successful . on the other hand , given that most people do what they already know how to do well , it is hard for them to succeed in doing so , since they have to compete with so many other people for recognition and success . indeed , it is very difficult to obtain recognition in the middle of a crowd . for instance , only very few worker of a corporation are able to obtain such a high degree of recognition from their employer that may allow them to succeed in the corporation . in fact , in a corporation , success mean being constantly promoted until obtaining a high - or the highest - post . thus , only very kew of the worker of a corporation succeed . and this happens although it is very likely that most of them do what they already know how to do well . finally , some of the most famous example of succesful people show u that they have become successful by trying new thing and taking risk . contemporarily speaking , this is especially the case of people who have created and developed new technology of information and communication . the case of the creator of microsoft , apple computer and google are clear example of this . in conclusion , i believe that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . this explains that there are only few truely successful people and that most of the famous successful people i know have become successfu