nowadays , student can use all way to success in their field but they have to make attention in order to use the efficient way . that 's why i am completely aggree with this statement '' it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn . actually , i think understanding idea and concept is more helpfull for student because this way is reliable , it help you to save your time and your memory will work successfully . the first thing is understanding idea and concept is really reliable . actually , in order to do a good job at your exam , you have to understand the differents idea . moroever , this process is the first step in the method to learn fact . for example , a student who learns only fact ca n't have good grade because during his exam , he can not understand the main idea , so he will easily fail . furthermore , this method to understand idea can also help you to save your time in your daily life . the second thing which make my opinion on this statement is the fact that this process can save your time . actually , it can save your time because it will take le time to understand the main idea of a lecture than to learn something you definetly do n't understand . for example , you can use more than three hour to learn fact but if you just try to understand what this lecture is talking about , you will know easily how this process is efficient . thus , you will gain time to do other thing because you did n't spent a lot of time to catch the main idea of the lecture . furthermore , this process can help your memory to work with more success . actually , your memory will work successfully , because you will help your memory to save only the important thing . thus , you will help your memory to be selective and to work faster than before . moreover , you will help your memory to react very fast in front of a situation unexpected . in doing so undestanding idea is better than learn fact in conclusion , i am definetly agree with this statement . i hope all student will use this method in order to have good grade and reach their goal easily .