whether or not successful people try new thing and take risk is a complex issue . while someone might argue that only doing the the thing what they already know how to do well provides them a lot of advantage , it can also be said that trying new thing and taking risk can lead them to way of success . both side of the issue have advantage and disadvantage but i think that trying new thing and taking risk is the better choice . first of all , at present we live in a world where every thing is getting harder day by day . it is getting harder to go to university , if you can go to universtiy this time it is hard to find a new job for yourself . furthermore there are thousand of people who doe almost the same thing a you do . that is , if you are a bank worker there are thousand more bank worker who do the same thing a you do everyday . at this point what differ you from the rest is your courage . if you are strong enough to take risk and try new thing u can open up the way of success . forexample maybe you borned in a farmer family and grew up in a rural area however it is not your destiny to be a farmer if you are strong enough to choose the way of studying and working hard you can open up a small company and be the bos of your own company and maybe you will have chance to be a bos of a huge company which trade with thousand of firm from allover the world last but not least , life is a risk on it own . nobody can know that what will happen a minute later . therefore , we can not predict what can happen a a result of a decision we make . we are the only one who can be ended it . while we spend enough energy and time over the step we decided to take we can be successful at the end . forexample , you can start with a bussiness of trade if you really work to achieve something there is no reason left for being unsuccessful . only u have to work on it hard and do not give up against the problem overall , i think that successful people try new thing because they know that clear u can not reach the top with the thing everybody doe . trying new thing is the key of the way of success .