succeeding in life look rather like a controversial question . on the one hand , it is widely admitted that people taking risk are awarded . it is true that when a person is taking a risk , it can help him to succed . on the other hand , it is also admitted that when you know how to do something well , you can succeed . i would rather think that it is a combination of these two element that make you successful . first , if someone is taking risk , it is obvious that the person will have to be concerned . this mean that a person will rather take some risk if he ha skill on a topic or on a matter . this statement can be highlighted especially in a professionnal context . indeed , in this particular context , taking risk can be innovating and trying to get a product well known from everyone . if we consider this situation , the person is taking risk due to financial matter . so , it seems obvious that the person must be aware of what he is doing . therfore , takimg risk and knowing to do well something are not contradictory , in order to be successful . however , it can happened that you are taking risk in everyday life . it is true that it can help people to have more opportunity . according to this , taking risk even when rationality would tell u not to something could certainly help u to succeed . if someone is narrowminded and not open to learn new thing , then it seems more likely that the person will have le chance to succed . finally , we could also say that a the notion of success can be different fro ; one person to another , this statement is subjective . indeed , any definition of being successful is given . success can rise in different situation . for instance , some people can think that success mean success in professionnal life . but , other people could say that you succeed when you have a family . to sum up , both side of the statement could be defended . i think that a combination of taking risk and knowing how to do thing well is mandatory to succeed .