i agree that most adertisements do make product seem much better than they really are . in my opinion , the purpose of advertisement have already decided their nature - to attract more customer , no matter how to get it done . businesses want their advertisement to make a good impression to people , and to lead people to believe that their product are better than others . i have found numerous way that business use to achieve this purpose . some advertisement intentionally give you the `` good point '' of a product while hiding the actual , sometimes more important , limitation or disadvantage of the product . for example , some credit card company claim in it advertisement that it credit card service ha 0 % apr ( annual payment to the service ) . however , when customer subscribe to the service excitedly , they find that there are actually other fee with different name associated to the service , which are not mentioned at all in the advertisement . in this way , the company successfully lead people to believe that their service is cheaper than others , while in fact it might be more expensive . another way to trick the people watching advertisement is to make invalid or incomplete comparison with other company ' product . for example , some computer retailer compare his computer with the computer being sold by another retailer . however , it only compare the feature that his computer are better at , while ignoring other important feature that might limit the performance of them compared to the other product . however , people who watch this advertisement often have no expert knowledge of what feature are important to computer , thus getting tricked to believe what the advertisement say . sometimes , advertisement even use deceptive mean to attract customer . for example , a clothes-selling store give an advertisement that it will give a sale on saturday . it then list several price of certain clothes compared to their price a few day ago . however , the store actually increased the original price to make a bigger difference in the price , which deceives customer . there 're many more way that advertisement exploit to make their product better than they really are . in fact , most advertisement do .