today , car are the easiest way to travel . the car is just one of the differents way to travel . it 's probably the easiest one , but not the cheapest . in a first time i 'll explain the differents postive point of the car , in a second time , i 'll describe the others way to travel , and in a third point compare both of them . today the car is the easiest way to travel . to go from a point a to a point b. even for short trip we take the car . the car get better and better day after day . most of the teenager are just waitting for oine thing , a car . they are able to go wherever they want , whenever they want and they do n't have to ask their parent , people feel that they are getting more freedom with a car . we do n't have any rush when we take our car , we leave whenever we want . the car is le stressful than the others way to travel . the car is not the only way to travel . there is the train , the plane , the bicycle , even by foot for the most courageous of u . the train and the plane are a safe way to go from a point a to a point b. but the plane is pretty expensive , but it 's getting cheaper . but the train is not very expensive and it 's very easy to take a train , you do n't even have the stress of the road or getting an accident . and today , we want to get thing without any effort . so the train is a very good way . in twenty year , a lot of thing will change . even right now thing are changing and they are going to have an impact on our futur a the price of gaz , safety on the road . .. the train or the plane become very cheap , it 's not hard to find a plan ticket from paris to london for 20 $ . i think in twenty year it 's going to be better . so the car is going to be the most expensive way to travel . i think , in the futur , we will still have a car . but we are not going to use it a many time a we do . most of the big city are getting better in transportation ( bus , metro , rental bike ) . so i 'm not agree with this statement , we will still have a car but we will not use it very often , so one car will probably be enough for a family .