now a day young people are affected by many aspect of the society , so that they ca n't able to help their communites . i agree with the statement by the following reason that , because of their education system , extra curricular activity and affect of medium etc . firstly , i could discus about education system . in my country our education system make all student so busy all the day . they are busy with their tight schedule of class and study hour . they do n't even have a minute to spend time with their parent . as a graduate student i am also facing the same problem . so that they do n't have time to help the community . secondly , young people are used to spend their time by extra caricular activity , for example playing sport , participating in seminar , giving paper presentation and attending conference that are realted to their education . all these factor make them so busy . i also used to attend the seminar and conference when i get a free time . finally , medium ha it great impact on youth . for example television , internet , magazine and tv channel . all these factor are attracting the youth . so that they are wasting their time by spending their lot of valuable time to watch tv , using internet etc . one of my friend , who wa also my classmate , addicted to internet browsing and chatting . he spent most of his time by chatting with his friend . therefore he spoiled his carrier by neglecting his study . this incident show how the youth are inclined to unnecessary thing and not showing their interest in helping community . all these factor indicates that youth are spending their time for their personal activity . however , some of them used to participate in some social welfare activity , such a helping poor people and orphan . i conclude , that most of the youth use their time for their own purpose rather than helping their community . so that i agree with the statement that , `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' .