it is often said that advertising deceive pepole and creates need . on one hand , i am going to see in what extent the advertising is able to influence u in our daily life ; then i will study how is it possible not to be deceived by this artificial world . on one hand , it is true that the main role of the advertising is to create an ideal world where everything seems to be perferct . the puropse of advertisments is to improve sell of a certain firm . that is to say , when you see a beautiful woman on a billboard who seems to be so happy , you want to buy this make up to be beautiful and happy too . but when you buy it , you realize that your life ha not changed at all . in fact in our society of consumption , advertising ha become a great way to influence people by showing them an ideal universe . in fact , most advertisments do not really sell product but they sell dream . the real purpose of most advertisments is to sell and not to reflect the realityof the product . on the other hand , i think that the advertising is not only a good way to increase sell but it is a kind of creativity . if the advertising is able to have such a great influence on people , it is because there is a real reflexion behind it . you always have poster with skin woman , beautiful landscape , and very efficient phrase . they are created to make you dream . and very often it work because in our modern society , consumption is very important . moreover , i think that is to easy to say that advertising deceive you because you have to be able to see where is the fronteer between the fiction and the real . that is to say , people should develop their critical spirit by reading , listenning and watching the tv to create their own opinion . in that case , my point is that parent play a great role in their child education and they have to teach u what is true and what is not . to conclude , i have to admitt that most advertisments make product seem much better than they really are but it is important to emphasize that it is also their first puropse .