have you ever seen a depressed young person or a merry old man ? many of u would answer positively to this question . i believe that enjoying life is not restricted to young people , though many of the joyful activity would certainly need enthusiasm and energy supposed to be abanduntly found at the younger age . through our life we face many happy incident , a well a difficult moment that assist in formulating our attitude in life . still i strongly believe that enjoying life is a choice we make on our own . all of u face moment of exhilirating happiness and others where we would be under the impression that we are living in a nightmare . unfortunately , such moment will not come evenly or suqeuentially , so a to get prepared . that is , none of u can be happy or depressed all the time so better make a choice to enjoy life a it is , no matter your age is . to substantiate the above said i will tell you the story of two of my dear relative that unfortunately passed away last summer . the story is about my dear uncle and aunt who were in their late seventy . my aunt wa divorced with very limited material resource to support her child , still she managed to bring up two young gentleman and a beautiful lady and enjoyed her late day with her two grandson , though her health wa declining fast especially during her last day where she lost her eyesight . still she made a choice to enjoy living every moment of her life , i have never seen my aunt complain or grumble of her circumstance and in the end she died with dignity . on the contrary , my uncle who wa with ample financial resource , four son and daughter and seven grandson / grand aughters wa complaining all the time . unlike my aunt he never remembered any of his achievement in life , he would always see what wa missing and start blaming circumstance or his son and daughter . in the end he died so upset after having a big quarrel with one of his son . what a waste ! but it wa his choice . in brief , enjoying life ha nothing to do with age , it is a choice we make . a choice to make to get to know how to get the utmost happiness of the blessing god bestow on u and live peacefully with life 's inevitable hardship . \