i whole heartedly agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . advertisements are the source for the company to reach the customer and sell their product . advertisements play an important role in forming an opinion about any product . if the advertisement is convincing enough , the customer will go and enquire about the product or will try the product . so , to leave a mark on the customer 's mind , the advertisement is made very catchy and most of the time the advertisement become very misleading . the product are advertised to have so many feature but when you actually see the product or use it , you come to know the real feature . when you see an advertisement , you tend to get fascinated by the feature mentioned in the advertisement but when you actually see the product , it lead to disappointment . but the advertisement actually help the company to bring customer to their product . .. for example , i read in a newspaper about a life time free credit card from a leading bank and i actually signed all the document to get one . i got my credit card but later i came to know that some money wa deducted from my account a the charge for a magazine subscription . when i asked the officer of the bank , he said it come a a package with the card . that instance drove me to frustration . another instance is when i bought a shirt of a top brand . the company advertise the shirt a wrinkle free but when i actually washed the shirt , it wa just a normal shrt with lot of wrinkle on it . instances like these happened many time . advertisements are mostly misleading but these at least help to bring customer to the shop or to sell the product . advertisement is a way by which the company can reach the customer , tell the customer about the product and finally make their market . so , the advertisement should tell only the real and true quality of the product . the misleading advertisement have led to the decline in the number of people watch or pay attention to the advertisement . in this way , the advertisement will lose their charm and importance soon .