the advertisement world is a big and unexplore think wich the human of this time have to live . i am a comunications expert and it is a shame to accept that most advertisementes make product seem better than they really are . it is a true . but why i agree with the statement ? there is a simple reason : the most important thing in the advertisement world is to persuade people to buy anything , in a lot of case , thing that probably people never is going to use . there are two posiblly reason that make that the advertisement people do this . one is the money and the other aspect is the people 's ignorance . the money is the first reason that make to do this . in a world when only the most powerfull survive , the money is the best way to get the thing . it mean , that if you have money , you have power . and it is what the bussiness men and the company want : power . then , if they have succesfull with their product , they are going to have money and consecuently power . for that reason is that the advertisement make productos seem so much better than they really are . the money , and the obsession for money get that the company and the advertisement people do not take care about the quallity of the product . it is like `` if that did not work , it is better for u . now you are obligated to buy again our product '' . the second reason why most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are is the people ignorance . for example , if you see the new product to lose fat on tv , probably you want to have this at home and in the 95 percent of the time this product is not going to help you . but the adverstisemente tell you that you need drink or eat this for five year or something like that . then , the problem is that if the people doe not enouhg information and keep in the ingnorance , they are going to buy the product during five year . but , why do you think that one simple capsule or one simple tea is going to help you to lose fat ? do you think that is simple ? no , it is no simple . this is a large proccess that need so much time and work . but the advertisemente tell u that it is not necesaty , and we believe they . as a conclution , i think that this problem , this lie that the advertisement people give u , should have regulated by the goberment of each country . why ? because it is not possible that they , for money , power and ignorance , give u a lie , a false product .