cars an efficent and comfortable mode of transport available to people today . i do not believe that in twenty year time , the number of car will reduce . their usefulness is immense and thus it is improbable that they will be replaced by alternative mode of transport . however , it is quite likely that car a we know them today may not be quite so popular twenty year from now . this could be on account of several reason . of course , human need for better and better product will drive invention and car will become smaller , faster and more efficient . however , the fuel price might also have a major role to play in determining the type of car in existence . with petroleum price going through the roof , it is quite likely that the major fuel would shift from being petroleum to electricity or some other renewable resource . it may be argued that public transport being cheaper , would become the preferred mode of transport on account of rising running cost of car . however , it would not do to underestimate human ingenuity . i believe that we are innovative enough to find new and better way of running our car so that they still remain an attractive proposition . also , the population of the world is increasing . also , it is increasing most rapidly in developing country like china and india where the buying power is also simulaneously increasing . with increasing population and buying power , the demand for the number of car would rise . therefore , i think it is very unlikely that the number of car twenty year from now would be fewer than today . there is also the issue of infrastructure required to run car . many people might argue that with increasing number of car , the existing infrastructure of road , highway etc. would become overloaded and thus dissuade people from buying car . however , i believe that with the developed world , the issue of infrastrucutre is not major and in the developing world , infrastructure project are just taking off . therefore , twenty year from now , the developing country are going to be much better equipped to handle the increased number of car . hence , this would not be a major issue to car buyer . thus , i believe that all factor indicate that the number of car is going to see a steady increase . therefore , i think that it is quite unlikely that the number of car in twenty yeras will be fewer than there are today .