people can be successful in many field such a art , sport , or study . in my opinion , successful people have enthusiasm that lead them to try and achieve something that seems challenging while other are just being lazy . as if there is a saying , '' no pain , no gain . '' . first of all , i would like to say that people who are successful are challenging taking risk . in my country , there wa a famous swimmer . he wa very famous , especially when he wa young . he used to take all of the medal from the competition and wa considered a the best swimmer in my country . he wa very eager to try the father distance to swim . after he retired , despite his age ( 40 ) he tried to swim across the river in korea . the river wa the biggest in seoul , and the every scene were being aired on tv . even though he looked very hard , people could see that he would success to swim across the river . after the success , he tried another river and also to the island near the mainland . actually , after that , he failed by tireness and long distance , but he kept trying to achieve his goal with his challening spirit . secondly , successful people have common in their willngness . what i mean by that is that people who are successful have strong will . there is a singer who is very famous in korea and asia . when i saw him first , he wa ugly . many people thought that he would probably not be popular and quit the job a a singer . but his capability to dance and sing wa so amazing that people were surprized . after getting popularity , he had lot of interview and he used to say that even if he is ugly , he promised himself that he would success a a singer by his talent . now he is a attractive and talented singer in asia . he never gave up and strived to become a singer despite the people around him who used to oppose him to become a singer . in a conclusion , successful people have their strong will and challening spritis in common a explained above . even if people know how to do something well , if they just lose their enthusiasm , it wo n't certainly lead to a success . people need to take the strong will before giving up .