as education is one of the most important source to build a strong workforce , and western country depend on their people a a resource , the concept how student learn is discussed in ongoing debate . some argue , student should focus on fact and learn the important past event by heart , while others claim to understand idea and to have the posibility to make transfer of different concept is of more value . however both is im today , we are living in a changing world . that what might be true today , doe not have to be true tomorrow . therefore , adaptation and flexility are very important skill . if student were to learn only fact , which could easily looked up in the library or the internet , they do not learn any unique skill . as well these fact might be proven to be wrong , if not tomorrow than the day after . to build all one knowledge on fact is not very secure , neither provides it the confidence one need to be successful in this world . anyway , i believe it is important to teach student some basic fact in different subject like math or history . a lot of theory are based of these fact and one could only understand them when the fact are known . the theory a student should learn during his educational life found in a great deal on the layed down fact . therefore it would be the wrong approach to leave out the fact completely of a student 's curriculum . having build a stong basis with the most important fact , the education should furtheron focus on the concept . student should learn what history ha learnd the human race , what the background of certein decision have been , and furthermore how this can be transferred into our present or even into the future . to understand the idea behind the constitution of the us , explains how the americans became to what they are today . understanding and adapting is far more important than knowing the exact date of the signature of the constitution . this could be found within one minute by searching in the internet . to be able to explain consequence and to infere possible result is only possible if one understood the idea behind . to come to a conclusion , the question is not whether education should only be based on fact or on understanding complex idea , but how to bring both in the best way together to prepare the generation of the future for there daily task . to know fact is the basis to draw the interdependence between situation or people . to know when lead to the question why , and this drive our world into tomorrow .