i agree . young people sould spend more time to help their community . in this essay , i would like to present my idea about young people nowadays should spend more time to help their commnities . before arguing about this issue , the definition of `` enough '' should be stated . how much work is enough ? i believe the answer should not be some actual number but a right attitude or a correct worthvalue of helping others . young people should undertand the meaning of society , the neccessity of society for human psychology and acutal need , and how society are constructed . once this attitude is aquired , then it would be `` enough . '' in past fifty year , individualizm is emphasized in most culture . consequently , young people nowadays only care about themselves . their parent do not teach them to help others actively . the school they go do not ask them to pay attention to the people in need . even the government spends little money on the charity agency . could one imagine what kind of soiciety wil we live in when young people nowadays become the leader of our planet ? thus , a heart to care about others is very important . individualizm should not be understood a isolation from people . instead , it should be every one can have the ability to work individually , but also to work with others to create a better environment or society . in these two decade , some leader of a business start to promote `` the spirit of team work . '' this show that more and more people realize the importance of working a a team , in other word , a a community . each one of u is a tiny little part of a bigger unit , like a family . many family construct a comminity . many community build up a country . a country is simply a bigger community . to learn how to be responsible to one 's country , one should learn how to be responsible to their commnity . in conclusion , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their commnities . they should spend more time to help others . it start with developing right worthvalue and right attitude .