well , according to me it depends on the real time situation . sometimes it better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject rather than specializing in one subject . for example to make a living a person should be able to adapt himself in any kind of working atmosphere . suppose , mr.x ha done his graduation in say , chemical engineering , it does'nt guarntee him a job in chemical or any related industry cause it hard to get a job in the chemical industry a the number of employee required are fewer compared to the it industry . if mr.x ha learnt basic about computer , which is usually thought in undergraduation school , then his chance of getting a job in a it industry is more compared to chemical . it industry do require chemical engineer to deal with the client related to chemical background and he can do a great job in understanding the problem of the client . so , his broad knowledge about all his academic subject can get him a job . one more example , let talk about a paediatrician , a person ( doctor ) specialized to treat child problem . well he is much more familiar to disease of a child than a grown up . suppose , he is travelling in a train , and suddenly there 's some problem to an accompaning passenger who is a grown up/elder person . as a doctor his duty is to look at the problem of the person rather than saying i 'm a child specialist . at this instance of time a broad knowledge on his academic subject could help give a immediate initial remedy to the person before he is taken to a hospital . at time you need to have specialization in one specific subject rather than having broad knowledge about all his academic subject . for example a person specialized in nuclear engineering and working in a nuclear power plant . well , it a must to have a specialization in that one subject subject rather than having a broad knowledge about his other academic subject like sugar technology , petroleum engg .. , etc. , because he is responsible for the process going on in the plant , and any problem can cause great havoc . at this situation it worth to have a specialization in one subject . i , conclude by saying that it really depends on the job , the atmosphere one is working into have specialization in one subject or to have broad knowledge of many subject .