the issue at hand is will there be more car in near future i.e another twenty year than there are today . the given issue is important because it is questioning about a probable revolution in automobile industry . i dont agree with the topic . there are several rerasons i would like to cite and explain on my stand . with the advent and advancement of technology man ha been able to expand his horizon in every possible direction and in vast number of field . but the main underlying point regarding the advancement is only to comfort himself a much a possible . the invention of automobile ha actually happened like a miracle . but owning an automobile wa a dream to bourgeois and the laborclass people then . today , we can find a car or other automobile in every household . the number of car all over the globe today is some several thousand of time to what it wa four decade ago and the number is likely to increase much higher a the cost of buying a car is decreasing day by day . so , i think that my option of increase in the number of car in another twenty year is better than the other . also , it is a human tendency that owning a car or another four wheeler is a matter of prestige . so , everybody aim to own a car and that too at an earlier stage of their career . though , the cost of gas and fuel is goin up drastically , most of the people are watching out for even a small incentive in their job so that they can buy a new car . so , it is highly unlikely that the number of car will decrease in the future . additionally , it is also possible that a car may run on water rather than gas in the near future . alot of research and experimentation ha already been going on studying the property of auto mechanic in this aspect . if this happens , then the automobile industry would bask in the glory of success and flourish in the fragrance of wealth . this situation no matter what will never let down the number of car in the future . finally , the people are also thinking about the long distance they have to travel everyday and the hectic schedule they have everyday . commuting by car , is what make them totally independent in travelling to large distance a per their wish . moreover , a car also provides the comfort of goin on long drive with family member or with friend and serf the purpose of sharing longterm memory . ultimately , i think thatmy option of the increase in number of car is likely to happen in the near future .