since the birth of civilization , the young have always been accused of not respecting tradition , and of not beeing a good a their parent , or even elder brother , were . in this essay i will argue that the main reason for which we may consider that the young indeed do not give enough time to their community is that they actually do not feel that they belong to any community , whereas strong community still obtain the same behaviour , respect and work from their younger member . while walking in the center of a big western european city these day , one can not help being stricken by the fact that most people do not look at each other . they usually wear headphone , or are talking on their mobile . they rarely pay attention to what is happening around them . i think that this show that people mostly care about their own self and not about their community , much le present in everyday life a they used to be . most people nowadays lack a real sense of what communitites they belong to , what are their obligation towards these community and what benefit they get from taking part in them . for example , the strength of religious community in western europe ha been declining steadily over the past century . church service used to be a common obligation for the young , and religion wa a source of a lot of hard work due to the community sharing that religion . this observation ha nevertheless to be contrasted with the situation in the united states , where very diverse religious movement are alive and active , involving many young people . however , my own experience in paris show me that whenever a strong community is present , the youth do respect it and give time for it . i think for example at jewish community , which have always been very strong . young people see community a a structure that protects them and give them part of their identity , and are thus eager to participate in it . i thus believe that , whenever a strong community is present around some young people , they are grateful to it and are willing to give time helping it , in exchange for beeing helped by it elder member , thereby gaining experience , a ressource much sought after by the young . unfortunately , there are not many strong community around these day , and the young thus have no one to give their time to , except themselves .