before i come to the statement it seems to be necessary to define success , which often mean financial success . but there is more to success to it than wealth and power . a person can be successful , when he or she specializes in a field and excelerates in it . then the success is measured in new discovery , new patent , technology , in the personal development and achievement . it seems also important to relate to the requirement of success . to be successful , one ha to obtain and se knowledge . then he or she must be able to understand what is known , and to differentiate between information which is more and le important in order to succeed . another requirement is the ability to realize what you dream of or what you want to achieve . one need management skill , a personal drive which is strong enough to overcome obstacle , delay and disappointment . it need a determined nature , and strong ( self - ) motivation . furthermore often financial ressources are required to stay on the treck . as i see it , the statement above is too simplistic . it is not enough to try out something new and take risk . so many who act this way , fail . why ? what could be underlying reason ? the question which come up for me is rather : what do successful people have , that make them successful , in opposite to their fellow human being , who fail in their endeavor ? i believe , that in order to be successful , you first have to know what you want . in which field do you want to excel ? where do you want to specialize ? first you need a clear picture , what you want to achieve . as soon a you know what you want , you can make plan on how to achieve your goal . you will have to obtain knowledge , you might have to study , go to university , or just ask the right people how to start your business . you will have to outline a plan , how to reach your aim , and it will be favourable when you include and ask people who are already successful in your field of interest . you will also have to make financial plan and include bank or other sponsor ( maybe memers of your family ) in order to keep on going . and you will have to readjust your outline and action to the reality , which will correct you and help you in becoming more efficient in your effort . at the end i want to say , that success mean for each person something else . where we want to be successful - we will have to find that out for ourselves . it might not be even noticeable for your neighbor , but you will know it when it happens . and : small success are the precursor of greater one .