i agree with the statement i think that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than today because the scientist will discover or project new kind of tranportation way and all the country will improve the public transportation to defend the environment against the increasing level of pollution . have you ever seen a cartoon called `` futurama '' ? it show the potential kind of life of the fourties century . it show a big half pipe that look like a big slide with some pillow at the end and it should represent an alternative kind of tranportation that avoids the gravity force . moreover , today a lot of scientist and expert are woorking to create more ecological and confortable bus and subway , and a lot of country and city are working to get people most familiar with public transport or with new kind of transporter . so , if the public tranporters will be the future , there will be fewers car in use and also if some lover of them will remain , the average number of car will decrease in a remarkable way . if it will happen , there will be a lot of improvement in natural condition of the heart and our life could become better . the decrease of car s number imply better condition , le pollution in the air and le dangerous street , and the parking place could become green area . i reckon that a lot of people would be happy if the number of car decreased . in fact a lot of people hate the traffic jam and the crowded street but they have not another possibility to travel or to go to work . a i said , a lot of country are working and a lot of step have been done but in my opinion there are still certain aspect that should be improved . in our country , for example , also if the political class promote the use of railway , a lot of people do not follow this suggestion because the train are always dirty , crowded and they smell not very good , moreover they era always late . so , i think that to have a look at the future is a good idea but there are also a lot of thing that can be done during the present .