when you think about the advantage or disavantages of being young compare to be older , you can look around you and observe how many people try to stay young and in good health . indeed , so many people take care of their body in order to stay young that they must be sad because they are becoming older . in this paper , we will present all the problem you avoid when you are young before listing some reason why young people enjoy life more . first of all , a lot of mature adult stop enjoying their life because they are always thinking that it wa better when they were young because they had le problem , they think that they were more beautiful and day after day the situation worsens . this kind of people waste a part of their life just because they are complaining about a time that they will never know again . indeed , now they have more responsabilities , more pression because of their job and most ot them have a family which is a big responsability . all those reason make them nostalgic about their former life when everything wa so easy since they had just to think about themselves . the previous argument is true , young people can enjoy more their life because they have the freedom to do nearly everything , to take their own decision without involving the agreement of someone else . if you decide to leave in an other in one month , it will be so easier to do for a single or a couple compare to a family with three child . moreover , i believe that young people are generally happier because they can still dream about a lot of thing , they can dream about a great family , a great house , a great job . .. whereas mature adult have the experience and they have already noticed that sometimes , everything is not going according to plan . finally , young people have a lot of spare time , they can do everything when they are still at university : sport , art , show , party . .. a lot of stuff that people who have already a job can not carry on doing . to conclude , the main reason why young people enjoys their life more than older people is due to their personal situation . indeed , an older people ha a job , a family , le spare time . .. even if you can have a lot of fun in your job and with your family , in my opinion , nothing can be a nice a the freedom you have when you are young and all the opportunity you still have to manage your life on the way you have decided .