in the past few year we human have made great advancement . with the increase in adcancements , there is so much more to know and learn . so much is happening every minute . it is very difficult to keep tab on each and everything happening in the world . thus when i am faced with the question a to ` whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject or to specialize in one specific subject ? ' , i would always choose to specialize in one specific subject . i beleive that if one is specialized in one particular subject then he is better off in this ever so competitive world than a person who ha broad knowledge on many area , but lack specialization in one . life ha become so competitive . in today 's scenario only the best can survive . even the highly qualified people are finding it difficlut to find a proper job . having specialized in a particular subject help give direction to one life . being specialized , one can really prosper in that subject area and do well for himself and his family . but on the other hand , people who have broad knowledge of many academic subject , are not particularly knowledgeable in one particular area . thus it is difficult for these people to find a good stable job . today most firm , business and agency prefer specialized individual who can handfle difficult and trying situation . i am not trying to argue that people should not have any knowledge about other academic subject . i am a strong beleiver in the fact one should have some information of whats going on around him . but accumulating broad knowledge on many subject area is not possible if one decides to specialize in one subject . many argue that if once a person ha obtained specialization in a particular subject then he can still go ahead and obtain broad knwoledge on other academic area . but if one feel that obtaining a doctorate or master in a particular field is enough to be specialized then that person is mistaken . specialization mean that a person have indepth knowledge about everything in a subject area and this includes keeping tab with current event in that subject area . to be specialized and hence successful in one 's chosen field the person should keep learning in the subject . i once asked my uncle who is a highly successful and respected doctor in india that what made him so good . his answer wa that i am not good i am still learning . once i have accumumaled all the knowledge there is to obtain in my field will i be good and that can never happen . so when you are at the crossroad in your life and have to make a decision a to whether to obtain broad knowledge of many academic subject or to specialize in one specific subject , chose the specialization .