i believe that someone should be prepared on many aspect and subject . but not everyone could have the possibility to follow this result and be very skilled on many subject . sincerely i like to be prepared on many argument , i daily read many newspaper and many book about economy , history , science , philosophy , but also thriller and novel . i have seen many film and visited many place and knew many culture . overall for this reason and for my deep preparation on many subject i can recognize that it 's quit impossible to be skilled on each subject . i believe that the specialization on a specific subject is the key to be successful on your own field . improving everyday the subject of your specialization is absolutely the way to reach many positive result and the way to be the best in your field . for example i have took my degree in business administration three year ago and after one year i decided to take a master degree in finance to be more specialized . and after some month i obtained a certification a financial analyst , so i think to be more specialized . i believe that is the way to be very very skilled . studing , learning and improving is the right way to specialize ourselves . for me all that you can learn more than your specialization is called personal culture . all that i read and learn from the life of everyday is culture that can help me in many situation , during my job or also during my free time . knowing the different culture of the world and our history is a way to look at the future with a different view , to be global and opened to receipt other culture can help me also in my specialization , because in this way you can change your way of thinking . so , to conclude and to answer the question , if you think to your life a a result or a mix of your deep knowledge and specialization and of a broad knowledge of many subject , you can live very well . it 's important to be always in the middle , the excess in everything is never considered well .