in the western world most people consider that young people enjoy life more than older people do . i have recently been asked if i agree with that line of thought . contrary to what most people think , i consider that old people enjoy life more for a number of reason : they have life achievement to look back to and be proud of ; they can see the influence they exert in their child and grandchild ; and , they are experienced and see life from another perspective . through time older people have experienced positive and negative event . they have been through moment in life , where everything ha been about accomplishment and triumph , like getting married or becoming a well-known doctor , and others where failure and tragedy , like closing a business or facing a close relative 's death , have played an important role . however , throughout the year they have learned to balance all these experience and see that life is beautiful , and that every accomplishment should be a reason to be proud of and every moment should be enjoyed to it fullest potential . at the same time , older people are able to enjoy the influence they exert in their child and grandchild , and see the effort they did throughout their life reflected on them . it is difficult to see a higher pride or degree of accomplishment , than that shown on a grandfather 's face when playing ball with his grandson . that is a sign of enjoying the little moment of life at their greatest potential , without worrying about the next day 's meeting , or the undone project sitting in front of the computer . older people see life from a different perspective than young people do . and a a famous latin american poet writes , `` if i lived again i would worry much le about being so careful , about wearing sweater and always leaving home with an umbrella . .. i would travel without luggage and not be concerned of the day i have to come back . .. '' for these reason i think old people enjoy life more than young people . the good news is that we are still young and we can start enjoying life just a all of our grandparent do , taking from them an example for the rest of our life .