advertisement is crucial for the company that are trying to have a place in the market . these firm aim to show their product , or advertise them in a way that will attract the potential buyer . however , in that competition they are exaggerating the advertisement - making the product seem much better - for the sake of the profit . within the the communication network ( i.e. medium , internet ) around the world , the advertisement can reach up to many people . the person seeing a great advertisement of a product that he \ she is planning to buy can easily believe the correctness and the reliability of the product . however , it may not fulfill his \ her requirement . for example , my mother had seen an advertisement about a machine that could decrease your belly size 3-4 in a month with regular activity . it seemed so great that my mother just got the idea to be thinner by exercising with this machine . even though it wa quite expensive , she bought it . she had done exercise for a month , but later she realized no change so she put it in a trash . the point that i want to mention by giving this example is that a person can be really influenced by the advertisement that is shown so great that might enable the audience just believe it . as a second example of the false advertesiment , one day i have seen a small show whose sponsor is gilette . that tv-show is always emphasing how good gilette razor are . they are showing a handsome man , shaving smoothly , 3 - razor , nothing left after one sweep etc . at that time , i wa using a cheap razor for shaving and it wa quite enough for me . however , i have decided to change my razor , i do n't know the reason but i just wanted to try this `` hilarious gilette razor '' . i dont think that i should mention about what happened afterwards . it had nothing special . growing communication device enables the advertisement to reach to many people . however , company are making their best to make their product seem better in order to improve their income , profit .