when it come to whether one should have broad knowledge or just specialize in one specific subject , different people have different opinion . while broad knowledge usually equipts a person to become a generalist , focused and deep knowledge can turn a person into a specialist . both way have advantage and disadvantage , but a far a i am concerned , i think it 's better to specialize in a certain area . as we have entered the information era , large flow of information ha come into our life , and many new subject have appeared . unlike ancient people , who could only deal with simple subject like astronomy , math and philosophy , modern people have too much knowledge to deal with . it 's quite unrealistic for people nowadays to learn everything that is accessible . every subject ha it own knowledge system , and every system ha it specific development and application . time wo n't allow u to dig into every subject . if anyone want to study every subject , he will end with learning nothing . moreover , it would be more beneficial for u to specialize in certain area . for one thing , we can devote our full energy and effort into that area which could ensure a better gain out of it . for another thing , to be an expert in one area can be truly useful for the society . for example , many scientist are focusing their attention to the research in their specific area , and due to their focus and devotion , we can enjoy so many achievement in the science . another example is many profession give high respect and credit to those expert , such a doctor and teacher . because of their experience and devotion , the society can benefit from their accumulating contribution . however , to specialize in one area doe n't mean knowing nothing about knowledge in other area . while school require student to choose a specific major , they also should provide chance for student to get in touch with other area . for example , an engineering student can focus on his or her major study , at the same time , he or she can also have art or history a optional course . it 's vital for student to have a broad view about the world . in conclusion , all the point i have discussed above have proved that to specialize in one area is better for student .