it is understood that the purpose of advertisement is to attract the public attention in many possible way . these could be by using extravagant colour , catchy slogan , song and nowadays even special effect are sometimes included . catching the `` eye '' is only the first step , the advertisement 's job is also to give the best possible image of the product being showed . sometimes the overuse of misusage of technology , such a special effect or word in the advertisement might lead to cause false impression on the public . i definetly think though that this situation is rarely seen . advertisements today make product seem `` cooler '' in order to atract attention , but in retrospective the product seen is the same one you might purchase later at the store . it would be very difficult for this statement to become a reality nowadays . several consumer right law prevent that company or corporation give a false impressiong of their product . what is advertise is usually what you get acoording to the law . as a consumer you are now entitled to demand the product you were informed of and also any other benefit this product shall provide to you . for instance let take a dr. pepper ad , it might describe you the taste , the package and the price , that is exactly what you 'll get in the store , the background music and the young actor in the advertisement surely are not included , they are just visual aid . another example is a hair growth product or a dieting pill , consumer right protect you from the possible lie that the corporation may induce in the ad . at the end of the treatment you might not look exactly like the people showed in the advertisement , but you wil loose weight and grow hair . in my personal experience i think that advertisement might be more shocking than they used to be , they tend to atract more my attention that a few year ago that 's for sure . nevertheless the product that i am offered is always the one i get when i buy it , never better just exaclty what i expected .