in today 's academic world , one can see increased specification among different discipline : even in the same discipline there are different subfields on which academician focus . although it is a great way to progress within one field , the disadvantage should also be considered before taking a stance on the issue of the benefit and drawback of specification in knowledge / medical doctor can be used a metaphor while talking about the profundity of the knowledge . on the one hand , general health of a society depends on the general practitioner who can prevent disease or give advice for healthy living to the public besides diagnosing and curing basic illness . on the other hand , the medical knowledge is extended to a degree that it is virtually impossible that one person could have all the information available on each and every problem which can occur within the human body . a specialist can come into the scene where a practitioner 's knowledge about a health issue is insufficient to cure an illness . since a specialist is able to know more profoundly on a topic and ha more time to be more up-to-date about an issue , he or she will be more help in solving the problem . it is important to keep in mind that generalist are a important a specialist . since speciallists concentrate deeply on an issue by making extensive research in their area of expertise , they tend to forget to see the broader picture . on the contrary , generalist are able to see the broader picture more easily since they have more limited knowledge about a lot of thing . seeing from a broader perspective can help people to raise some question about what is necessary and what is not in term of scientific reaserch for example . it can be argued that invention such a birth control pill are initiated by the general need for an effective mean to prevent unwanted pregnancy . as an invention which changed a lot of people ' life in posotive term would not be available if the progress wa only depended on specialist who concentrate only one issue . it is clear that we live in a time where extensive knowledge is accumulated through the course of humanity . it is very different from the time that it wa possible to be a rennaissance man where loenardo for example could make painting and do design and invention at the same time . however , we still need people in academia who know a lot about the general course of the history a well a specialist who know deeply on a given topic . we need them both to progress .