it is often said that young people do not give enough of their time to help the community . in my opinion this is not true because of serveral reason . firstly the workload is steadily increasing and thus the time available is becoming le and le . it is also clear that young poeple do help their community but it is just le recognized by everyone esle in society . young people often have to make important decision and step in their life . this need a lot of time to be put in and it requires the a lot of engagement of the student . an example would be the university application process . the selection of university and the time consuming creation of a personal statement . this is further promoted by the pressure which is put on youngster by all kind of different institution for example sport team , school , college and parent . even thouh every individual person is more and more self centred it would be a wrong generalization to disregard any community work which is done by young adult . such community work range from charity event for local disabled person centre to the actual help done by many people to be a superviser in such a centre . often this is done voluntarily and no financial wage is received by the helping people . another reason is that such work is often not recognized by the general public because it is incorporated into school activity . such an example would be the cas whcih all student in my school have to complete . this involves 60 hour of sport , action and service . especially the service is often achieved by helping out in charity event or fundraising for local community but also for bigger organisation for example unicef . unicef is collecting money and with this money they are helping people in a different part of the world . this may a well lead to the conclusion by others that no community work is being done because they ca n't see the result of such an involvement . in conlcusion it ha to be noticed that the work young poeple do today ha indeed changed an may even be le than it used to be . but in general there is still the same effort put into this work and the result can be seen in many example . this statement reflects the desintrest of many adult in the work done by young people and want to compare two different period of time which is obviously not possible .