travelling in a group rather than alone is most of the time a difficult decision to take and it involves many personal and external factor : the place you intend to visit , your social preference , your tolerance for being with other people for long lapse of time , the type of people that will come along for this long trip . .. and many others . i do agree that travelling in a group led by a guide is a good experience in most circumstance . when i intend to visit a large city , an historical site or a country of which i do not speak the language , being led by an experienced guide and togheter with some travelling friend is essential for me . i have the opportunity to learn more about the culture of the city or the country that i am visiting , while discovering pleasure ( i.e. nice restaurant or nice location ) that i probably could not find with my little written guide . for example , when i wa in montreal with my husband we dragged our friend to a `` not pricy and excellent : '' restaurant following direction of our useful little guide . surely the food wa good , but the not pricy part needed to be discussed ( and our friend offered to pay prior to seing the bill ) . in visiting historical place the role of a guide is even more important . living in venice for many year , i have always been impressed by the amount of information i did n't know about the local church , and , despite being a local , i enjoyed to join guided group while walking through the church . even when travelling in remote place , being in a `` protected '' group with a guide that is able to help you with the essential need is wise . my aunt wa in mongolia for 3 week , living with nomades in a tent and drinking acidic milk with all her travelling companion , and , once back , she assured me that she would not repeat the same trip without a guide . sometimes however travelling in a group may be frustrating . it requires conciliating need and desire of different people , while tolerating organizational and travelling issue . probably a good travelling `` social '' attitude is the best way to face any trip and to enjoy a good guided trip . and , a a last point , having a good guide make all the difference !