i strongly agree with the idea that twenty year from now there will be fewer car on road than there are now . first of all , a the petroleum becomes expensive because of ever increasing demand , depletion of currently easily accessible and cheaply drilled well not to mention the increasing cost associated with finding new source of petroleum , the people will become more reluctanct to spend huge money on gas and hence might feel motivated to use car-pools or public transit system . secondly , such huge rise in price will also motivate government to increase investment on public transit system such a subway and metro . investment will also be made in reserach and development of faster mean of conveyance with more security feature than a car can provide . if the car on road grow on increasing at current rate , it is highly likely that so will accident . a safer and faster way of conveyance , if developed , is bound to attract people and hence fewer number of car on road . another consideration is the traffic jam if the number of car keep on increasing . the infrastructure is limited in any country and it can not match the pressure public is putting on it by bringing up new car on road . eventually , there might be no room for infrastrcture improvments in most country and hence one will not be able to avoid daily ritual of traffic congestion . this situation is bound to make people give a second thought on using public transit or car-pools than traveling in one car all alone . in fact , if any of the reason i mentioned above - the price of gas , the accident , the traffic congestion , no room to expand infrastructure - becomes very worse , the government of that country might have to regulate the production of car or create special permit to buy car . such regulation might seem to breach human right in the first place , but they will do greater good to public at large in long run than harm . to conclude , the fact that natural resource such a petroleum and the possiblity of infrastructure expansion are limited , it is certain that in twenty year from now , the number of car in use will be fewer .