i think that having a board knowledge of many academic subject is not what our era necessitates . in our time , it seems to be more important , and more awaited to be a real expert on one specific subject . this thought of mine ha many reasoning behind it . first of all , i do n't think that a broad knowledge on many subject could be useful , a long a with such a knowledge one can not be really comfortable with all of those subject , on which he claim to have a knowledge , and with knowing a little from everything , it is really easy to get confused when you study , or prepare a project . actually , that is why teamwork is important in business life . since a project can not be prepared by one person , it is distributed among a group according to the specialization of member of that group . thus specialization is favoured in industry . secondly , i do not think that such a broad knowledge is needed in industry , though specialization in one field is necessary to have a succesful career . since at our level of technology everything is hidden in detail , and thought that make difference are at minor scale , one should be able to observe the subject , and problem that he is working on with all aspect . according to my opinion , an understanding that through , and detailed is only possible with high level of specialisation . thirdly , a broad acedemic knowledge mean that person work on very many , and irrelevant topic . yes , with such a working style you are working on a wide range of subject , and you are continuously changing your study topic , and you know some of everything , and you seem to be successful with a lot of work field you have , but you lack one , and a very important thing : experience . experince is , maybe , the most wanted speciality of a person , that is to be in high level of his career . it had become to this that , experience is the key to a succesful business life . and i do not think that a broad academic knowledge distracts one 's focus , thus gaining experience is harder with that kind of knowledge , than the case with a specialisation field .