this question is not easy to answer . on the one hand , i think understanding idea and concept is very important . on the other hand , i think learning fact is also very necessary . understanding idea and concept , mainly determines or belongs to evolving a good sound knowledge . a good understanding of such idea and concept is always a basic component of a sound knowledge . ideas and concept may be taught in a very casual way , so that student can remember such idea and concept easier . perhaps they 're using quiz or game , for example . learning should not consist of just learning fact by heart . of course , pupil and student have to learn some important fact , for instance , geographical or historical fact . it is proved that pupil who have to learn only fact may have good or even excellent result in exam , but they also tend to forget thing faster . if pupil understand idea and concept , of what they have been taught , they can reproduce it more quickly . they see basic relation between different idea , concept and aspect . they probably wo n't forget thing a fast a pupil do who only learned fact . reproduction is a very important part of the learning process . as long a you can reproduce idea and concept , you know or you are able to understand what you have been taught so far . by way of conclusion , i think student should have both , an understanding of idea and concept and learned fact . the mixture is important . emphasis should be on the understanding . a basis must be designed and this basis must be completed with single fact , which student have to learn . but , the fact can not be missed out . it would be unthinkable to know the idea of , for example , the french revolution , but not knowing when this event took place . the same with geography , it is good to know the custom and habit of , for instance , japan , but you also have to know were it is situated . so , a mentioned before there should be an approbriate balance between both , understanding and learning .