it is debatable whether young people give enough time to helping their community these day . some people say that young people are dedicated to help the poor live vividly giving lot of donation and sharing difficulty with the difficult in our society . however , i disagree with the idea that young age are pouring their time into sharing difficulty and helping their neighborhood because they are likely to concentrate on their private thing such a enjoying their life , earning a money , and studying some subject . in addition , the traditional culture in our society such a sharing our food and adversity is likely to disappear very quickly nowadays . first of all , young generation ha a hard time to find free time . they are very busy and they put their all energy to their private sector . for instance , my brother who work for hanyang hospital in korea a a doctor concentrated on his job . even when i invited him to my housewarming party , he did n't participated in the party because he had bulk of schedues such a surgery operation , meeting his professor , and studying for some exam . not only he can not help their community but he is also unable to find free time for our family . second , i believe that the atmosphere in our society is changed recently due to rapid development and strong competition like survival game in movie , which might make young generation disinterested in other 's problem . especially , young generation did n't experience the hungry era from 1950 to 1970 when some our people were starved to death . so , they did n't know the issue of the poor who are now starving and do n't pay their tuition . some people say that in our traditional society , our ancestor firmly believe that the first priority in our life is virtue , especailly helping our neighbor live happily and overcome their difficulty , however , nowadays most people tend to be not careful about other 's difficulty . i agree with that idea and our educational ministry should try to make effort to announce the importance of helping the poor for our young generation . in conclusion , i think that young people should put their more time into helping our community financially and emotionally .