in twenty year i believe that the number of car in use will have fallen . this is mainly due to increasing expense linked to owning a car coupled with the fact that public transportation is becoming easier , cheaper and more efficient to use . not forgetting , of course , growing awareness in the damage caused to the environment . owning a car is becoming more and more expensive . at this rate in twenty year time a lot of people will probably no longer be able to afford such a luxury . petrol price are spirelling evermore out of control . the stock market price is at an all time high and nothing seems to be indicating that this trend will change and that price will fall back down . add to this factor , the price of insurance , of car repair , of the car itself a well a parking . numbers have actually shown that in france the number of new car being sold ha dropped dramatically these past few year . the number of car already in circulation being so high people can easily find what they 're looking for at a convenient price on the second-hand market . i think that public tranportation also ha it role to play . as fuel price rise , traffic jam and pollution increase , people seem to be turning more and more to public tranportation . public transportation ha evolved tremendously the past few year . bus lane have been privileged in order to avoid traffic jam , train are going faster and faster at extremely competitive price and a growing number of city are loaning out bicycle free of charge . all this plus the huge publicity campaign in order to promote public transport and reduce the number of car . the fact remains that , especially in big city , people prefer using public transport to the hassle linked to using a car . take paris for example , it is cheaper , faster and far le stressful to use the metro then to spend hour stuck in traffic jam with parisiens yelling at you from all side and then having to look for a parking space ( which you 'll also have to pay for ) . not to mention the impact on the environment . the growing awareness and support for environmental issue is also slowly beginning to reduce the use of car . in my opinion , a the year pas this factor will play an evermore important role in the number of car on the road .