i disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do . even though i think it ^ s true that young people ha more power to do new thing , so that can make them excited . about me , just few day ago i went to my x junior high school to get in the pool with my friend . it ^ s forbidden . in the midnight . we get over the fence and suceeded to get in the pool . we laughed and laughed and laughed . it wa fun because the task wa risky , wasnt allowed , etc . . too many reason . ill never forget this . so , young people can do anything , and easy to find something fun . i wouldnt find the stupid thing that we did fun when i got old . but i guess there ^ s another way to enjoy old people ^ s life . may be to do flower arrengement ? im not sure but , i think any person at any situation can enjoy their life if they want to enjoy their life . my friend , who is 18 year old recently had to stay at hospital for almost 2 week , firstly she complained about that often like * why me ?? it is middle of summer break ! i had many plan that i cant do now ! '' i wa sorry for her . a week later , when i went to her hospital room , she wa doing a game that i gave her . she had never played a game before , but she started , and found it so much fun , and she is still now a big fun of game , my grandfather , who is dead when he wa 87 , i love him so much by the way , enjoyed his life soooo much ! he always said in his life time , that ` i am the happiest person in this world '' he went to war comming back with nothing , he lost all his family and house then , but he worked hard and he built 3 building and became quite rich . he wa in hell once but he used to say that ` working hard wa fun because the more i work , the more money i get ! money counting wa the omly fun i have at that time . and he got me and my little sister a stepdaughter . he loved u more than anything . when he lost his ability to move his body , we went to his hospital everyday . he still said : im the happiest person in this world `` then . as i am the person who feel ok to everything that come to me , if you are not healthy , if you are not pretty , if you do not have boy friend , if you are not young , if you are not old , you can make your time or even your life full of happiness .