i agree with that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i myself is reluctant to participate in community activity . the reason are varied . for example , the mid autumn festival is coming , the bar-be-cue seems just not so interesting to attend because you need to do it with a group of elderly people . community borad often expects young adult to do all kind of chore simply because they are younger and more engetic . it is true but young people lose their interest in attending under this logical consequence . if a communitiy only expects young people to contribute rather than gain benefit , why would young adult join the activity it offer . community activity are usually designed for family in the neighbordhood . the subject would be natually grandparent , parent and child . it cost a lot to design a program that is suitable for everyone 's need . if each house a a unit to decide what they want to do within their own budget , it will attract more interest for people to spend their holiday . besides , community 's activity are very limited in kind . they may just have kraok , bar-b-cue and riddle . i would believe young adult will chose what is suitable for them outside of the community and have fun a much a possible , such a ktv instead of kraok or movie . it may be even more exciting by going to a bar and drink to their upmost with their close friend . after all , it is much more fun in the world outside than the daily in and out neighborhood . one major issue in community is garbage . not every community ha a good system of running recycle item . people have the tendency to leave their garbage in a certain spot where nobody is at the scene seeing them do that . graduately , it becomes a trash mountain . it is very common in taiwan . with issue like this , community need volenteers to guard the spot and supervise the dumping process when trash truck come . young adult have energy to do that but they are not so respectable enough to argue with elderly lady or men . it increase the reluctance for young people to interact with their neighbour . it is reasonable that young people keep their nose out of community board . it is just too much to handle to a young adult .