i agree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . having knowledge in a broad number of academic subject not only constitues an all rounded person , but also pave the way for the success in specializing in one specific subject . to acquire a truly thorough understanding of a specific subject , the knowledge of that subject alone is not enough . it is in conjuction with other subject that give academic a greater understanding of what they are currently dealing with . if one only focus one 's study in a specific subject , their method of thought would only be limited to that particular subject . for example , a mathematician might only be familiar with the methological deduction of a problem , and hence be unable to understand matter with an imaginative mind . should the mathematician develop his mind in different way , say through art or writing , he might be able to develop mathematics further . for example , the klein 's bottle , named ( not suprisingly ) after klein is a mathematical concept which is not applicable in the real world . yet it ha been and still is an important mathematical concept and puzzle which form the base of further mathematical investigation . if mathematician follow a logical and structural line of thought , the klein 's bottle would have never been thought of and mathematics would not be able to further itself . furthermore , take philosophy for example , it ha become apparent that to become a successful philosopher , one must acquire skill from various subject . kant and heidegger amongst other prominent philosopher have had their say on the subject . they believe in order to become a successful philosopher , one must acquire skill from mathematics and science , an ability or a mean to comprehend the world , a method of logical mental training that is crucial to the functioning of a clear-minded philosopher . given the proliferation of academic institution that faciliate research and learning in all sort of area , each discipline is slowly beginning to exhaust itself in it subject matter . also , the technological advancement have lead u to be living in an ever changing environment , resulting in many new inter-disciplinary connection . for example , even the development of a robot dog take into account the psychological effect it will have on human , and creates a more acceptable model . ( hence the connection between the engineering and psychology ) . with the above two reason , it is even more crucial that in order to truly succeed at ` specializing ' in one subject , not only doe on need to delve into the content of it , but also in other academic subject . in conclusion , even if a person want to specialize in a specific subject or be an all rounded person , it is crucial to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject .