for a comunity it is really imporpant that a lot of people help for free otherwise a community can not exist . to clear what i am writing about i will state first different possibility where young people can help in thier community and then answer why they do it or not . in every community there are church where young people can help . a church contains people of all age and young people can help senior in a variety of filed a for example carry home their borrowed thing or drive them home . young people can also help thier community by partizipating in a party and try to change the politics in a new more effective direction . if young people can identify themselves neither with a church nor with a political party the can partizipate in social activity in general . at first i would like to stress that not all young people do not give enough time for activies helping the community . on the other hand i am sure that there are too le young people helping thier community . a problem for most young people have is that they have to focus on school or university in order to get a job in the end . many young people do not partizipate in the three possible way stated above because they do not see consideration . they are working for free and giving away a lot of time and in the end most of the time no one pay attention for these performed activity . it is a huge compenporay problem that what countes most is the degree from school or university and social activity doe not get attention . i learned it by me own that another graduate pupil got a certificate for good mark without havong done any social activiety in his community . the other pupil who had nearly a good mark a he had did not get a prize for that . the society should honour more social activity . even when applying for university the student should have the possibily to show the social activity they have performed in the past . the circumstance which may led to the situation why too may young people help are that do not know where to go to when they are willing to help . church and political party do not attract everyone . most of the young people may not just go to a hospital and ask there if they need any help . i think the school and university should offer more possibility for young people performing social work like installing a socail day where all student work together for the communitiy . the parent should wake up the social side of their child a early a possibly . when the child see that the partents perform social activity for the community it will engage them to partizipate more . the last possible reason why too le young people help their community is that the older people think that the young people are not reliable enough for socail activity and do not give the young people the possibiliy to work for their community . a change of society wil change the young people ' behaviour an will bring u to the best we should start the change .