advertisements should present a product on an objective way but most of them make product seem much better than they really are . by definition an advertisement should make the public buy the product and so present only his better aspect and property . moreover , since they are a lot of company producing the same product they should emphasize the property of their product . and eventually , there are always difference between a photo or a film and the real product . first , the purpose of an advertisement is to create a need by convincing the client that he should have this product . therefore the product should be perfect without any disadvantage . but reality is different . for example when you buy a computer , advertisement show you computer a object everybody should have . you could have access to internet , a lot of information , it will simplify your life . however , they never tell you that sometimes the computer should have some problem like virus , that by using it for buying some product on internet people could see your credit card number . all the bad aspect of the computer are forgotten . nowadays , in our society there are a lot of company producing the same product . so each company have to make the difference with the others by emphasizing the property of their product . they should show that their product is better than those of the others . for example , cleaning product for cloth all clean the clothes . but one company will show you that our product is better than the other one for several reason such a using le product . eventually , there are always difference between photo or film they made that are taken in the perfect condition to make the product seems perfect and the product that you received . for example the color of clothes are sometimes different due to light . so you could see on the television a perfect black skirt and eventually have a grey skirt . as a conclusion , most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are by emphasizing their property , not talking aboute the inconvenients and showing the product in the perfect condition that you couldn'y have . however in the way we always want perfect product are n't we a bit reponsible of this phenomenom ?