since main energy source of motor vehicle are fossil resorces , a we can see those resorces are running out and also produce carbon dioxide while consumption , there is enormous pressure to avoid using automobile and will be more . actually , number of new automobile sale is declining for last 5 year because of raise of gasoline price , further development of public transportation and low population growth rate . however , i also see that investment on new technology and effort to invent new energy on motor vehicle are quite much in automobile industory . i see hybrid car running like usual car in tokyo everyday . people desire to transport will not be extinguished and probably raise more since all cultural and technological development lead to developmento of individual and individualism at least for a mid-term . automobile industory may introduce different style and small sized commuter with eco-tech in near future . after passing a couple of decade , style or size of car might be changed but , supported by effort of industory and individualism , i do not think that # of car in use will decline . improvement of it enviroment in daily life , make people easy to access to information which they want or curious about without physically going there , but it also open up actual desire to be there where they do not know by then . environmental problem may be solved or cured , at lease softend by technological effort and investment . people desire to travel may maintain even in the future . it environment and quick approach to whatever information may leave the actual desire to experience , touch , feel and taste something physically away . they may increase the # of car , honestly . now volvo already launched a car which can make exhaust gas cleaner than normal air in the world . it actually clean up the air a it run . if this kind of system equipped , car are no longer enemy . once car find new energy resorce other than fossil , there may be a new era of motorisation .