i agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact - at least at university level . having studied law in both england and in france , i have had the chance to compare two very different legal system and more importantly , two different approach to education , especially to the teaching of law . studying law at university in england typically take three year . after three year of undergraduate study , student obtain their `` ll.b. degree '' . it is also possible for student who have studied something else during their undergraduate study to take a one-year-conversion course and obtain the equivalent of the ll.b. degree . the three-year period of time is relatively short compared with the study time that is required of law student on the european continent , for instance five year in belgium and spain , four year in france etc . the one-year-conversion course also seems to be a tremedously flexible alternative to the many year of studying law that are required on this side of the channel . this is a good illustration of diverging point of view on the question whether it is more important that student understand idea and concept or learn fact . indeed , in british university , emphasis is put on reasoning . professors and student gather to discus different topic , argue , give pro and con . .. all for the sake of discussion and developing a critical sense . it is believed that student will not be able to learn all the fact and memorize all the law and/or jurisprudence so the focus remains on understanding the reasoning and legal concept . on the continent however , university focus much more on teaching student something `` substantial '' and to that end , student need to memorize a lot of material which serf a the basis of their reasoning . to conclude , i would say that having experienced both system , i found the british approach more constructive . it could be compared to teaching a man how to fish instead of giving him a fish .