there is a controversial issue about whether student should have broad knowledge of many academic subject or specialize in one specific subject . depending on their distinct background and experience , different student hold different opinion . in my point of view , i think a specific learning is better because it is more dominated in a person 's career . the most impornt reason of choosing a specialized knowledge is that nowadays the knowledge in every subject is becoming more and more difficult . on one side , a the sciense and technology develops , the knowledge of one specific subject becomes more complicated . on the other side , a person 's energy is limit by the nature . thus , if a person insists on learn a broad range of subjuects , he will find that he is left behind the other person more and more . for example , one of my classmate , who liked to learn lot of different subject , such a mathematics , biology and art , got a bad gpa during his college career . therefore , we should not expect u to be a perfect person who know everything . a good example , bill gates , the richest man in the world , may lose the match to a pupil in playing ping-pong . so becoming a person who is expert in one area is more reasonable . another important reason is that the current society need more and more specific-trained person , such a it enigeers , doctor , professional player and so on . today work can no more be classified to several type , they are elaborated to very specific job . for example , the computer company have been divided to sofeware company such a microsoft , hardware company such a intel . moreover , new type of company are also appearing , such a internet company , goole . these different job need more and more knowledge in specified area and a narrower knowledge range compared to the past . thus a specific-trained person is obviously more suitable than a widely-trained person . to be fair , i must own up to the importance of the elementary knowledge in a wide range . everyone should learn broad knowledge of many academic subject in his/her junior and senior school to detemine what he/she is suitable for . however , this broading learning is just preparing for the later deeper specialized learning which is longer and more important in one 's career . to sum up , due to the reason mentioned above , we can safely draw the conclusion that student should specialize in one specific subject .