some successful people try to do new thing and take risk whereas others do n't . i can really understand these people who take risk , because everyone want to make a bigger profit even if he or she already ha a great income and additionally , life would be too boring if taking no risk and not making any change . if i wa the successful owner of , for example , a big medical company and i 've already had a lot of success and have made a good profit , why should i stop taking risk to earn much more money ? in my opinion , it would be the best to get my medical company to be the best medical company in the world . i and all of my employee would profit from that . we could , for instance , event a new medicine and would try to sell this product . and if it work well everything would be fine and if not nothing bad would happen , because i 'm already successful and i 've already earned enough money for me and my family . hence taking risk is not very hazardous for a successful person . in addition , if this successful person would n't take any risk anymore his life would be completely boring . i believe that everyone must love his or her job and should enjoy his or her job . but there would n't be any fun when taking no risk and the job of a successful person would be rather boring . considering me a the owner of a company , i could try to work on other field or abroad , maybe even in another department . indeed , these change are riskful , but thus my job would n't be boring anyway and it 's probable that i would enjoy my job . another important aspect is that sometimes you need to take risk and make change not only for your own advantage , but also for the advantage of others . i could , for instance , try to spend a lot of money of my imaginary company for medical research . actually , it 's possible that i would spend that money of my company for nothing . but nevertheless , i have done the best , because i 've tried to help others who are ill and maybe also poor . i can afford spending all of that money , because i a the owner of the company would be rich and would n't suffer hard when wasting some money when trying to help others . in conclusion , i think that successful people should take risk , because otherwise their job would have been boring and they can also afford wasting money .