i disagree with the statement for many reason but i must agree with the fact that a tour guide can provide useful information about certain place that you can visit and that you may not know about . i , being a very curious person , prefer to be left on my own to explore a certain place and learn about it by myself or at least accompanied by a friend or a family member . by exploring a tourist atraction by yourself such a an ancient palace or castle , for example , you could wind up discovering several curious nook or room not offered in a normal touring schedule . if i 'm exploring a castle without the guidance of a tour guide , i might want to carry some sort of map or written information about the place so i can not only satiate my curiosity but also learn interesting fact in the process . a teacher of mine once told me an experience she had when she visited some turkish palace some time ago . she did not enjoy following the crowd of tourist around so she lagged behind of the tour group . as they found themselves in some room , she struck up a conversation with one of the gaurds . the gaurd liked her and told her that he could show her one of the room the `` regular '' did n't have any access to . the gaurd took my teacher through a door into one of the most gorgeous gold-laminated , ruby-studded room she had ever seen . tour guide can often be boring an monotonous and herd people along through different place a if they were a flock of sheep . they will give the usual tour to the usual type tourist , one after another , after another , after another . there is no dynamism involved in a guided tour , no interaction between the people , the guide and the location . it 's the same routine for the tour guide : look here , take a picture there , here x person died , room after room . by exploring a place on your own with a propper , written , guide you can learn a lot more and also enjoy some degree of independence . if i ever visit the chateau of france or the pagoda in japan , i would largely prefer to be left on my own to inspect and explore every hidden room , corner and passageway .