the immense growth of advertising in the last decade or so , is indisputable . the phenomenon of ` implicit learning ' , a coined by psychologist is not only exploited here , but also used jointly with technique that influence human decision-making , making the advertised product seem more attractive than they already are . there are several way in which advertising could influence decision-making by presenting product in a more desirable way . while watching tv or travelling on a train , the advertisement itself is the first thing that attracts one 's attention even before the product is on display . we find certain scenario more interesting and laughable or enjoyable and catchy than others . the use of memorable and easy slogan , although how annoying they may be sometimes , are retained in memory like no other information . the repetition of those slogan , along with greater and repeated exposure time , is a key factor in the retention of a certain product in memory . no matter how bad the product or the slogan might be within aesthetic guideline , people remember ! on the other hand , the advertising community will know their audience better than anyone else , especially if the commercial becomes successful in selling the desired amount of their product . there are certain type of ` appeal tactic ' that they use such a presenting a certain character trait belonging to the audience , followed by how the current product will help enhance or complete that character trait . by playing on insecurity or the ` coolness factor ' , advertisement could push their way into the decision-making process . a product could be presented a someone 's long-waited-for solution to all problem , whereas it 's someone else 's ego-booster . the advertising world ha also technologically advanced itself in order to get better access into one 's mind . the use of multiple medium source such a tv 's , radio and newspaper give more than one dimension to advertisement themselves , hence making their product more desirable . the tv in particular is a great stage for that purpose . commercials can now use greater graphic design and animation to be more interesting and attention-grabbing . products look more colorful and the effect are more intense . for instance , a washing powder could be demonstrated in so many different way such that even the molecular construction of it is conveyed . the video presentation that follow are interesting and convincing , making the product look much better than they are . consequently advertising enhances product desirability in multiple way and usurps many technique that visual technology , in particular , offer . this lead to better advertising skill and more convincing result in order to make product more attractive .