the issue at hand is whether the number of car in use will reduce , a compared to today , over the next twenty year . according to me , this statement is not in harmony with my thought . i think that the number of car in use will , infact , increase over the next twenty year . firstly , using a car add upto the convenience of an individual . it reduces the travel time , that is , one can reach his destination earlier in a car . it also give comfort to a person during his travel , not stressing him out because the journey . so , people will think of buying car rather than wasting time and getting stressed out because of the journey . this will lead to a considerable increase in the number of car in use . secondly , having a car also add up to the status of an individual . most of the people predict an individual 's personality by looking at the car he drive , that is , the car speaks for the man . as year pas by , the physical appearance of the car will become more and more attractive , thereby hypnotising people . this will help an individual to show of his personality by purchasing an appropriate car . so , people will prefer to buy car over year in order to create a distinctive appeal over other people . thirdly , considering the advancement in vehicle techology , it ha become easy for an individual to afford a car . the modern technology and innovation have brought down the car price considerably , which now provides an opportunity to the bourgeis class of people to afford a car . as , we know the major part of the world 's population comprises of the middle class , i think , this will considerably account in increase in the number of car over the next twenty year . also , the recent technology ha increased the efficiency of a car to run more mile on comparatively le number of gallon of fuel , that ha attracted a lot customer which will again account in the increase in the number of car in the next twenty year . finally , i conclude by saying that , a long a technology and human desire exist the number of car in use will keep on increasing over time .