for nearly every product some kind of advertisement can be found . today there are so many different kind of advertisement , that the question is hard to answer . i think one should distinguish between the most common form of advertisement which are tv - and radio spot , advertisement in magazins , advertisement on poster in the street , productplacement in movie and direct advertisement by the salesman . all these form have one thing in common : only the favorable aspect of the product will presented . from that point of view one could admit to the given statement . tv-spots for example also have the possibility to evoke several emotional reaction by using touching picture in combination with music . in a le effective way print - and radio - advertisement can be used for that effect , too . this is a very subtile aspect of advertisement . product placement and tv-spots can also tempt the consumer to associate several property with the product which are not mentioned directly but associated with the person , using the product . with respect to all these fact one still ha to consider , that a consumer usually never obtains wrong information . one should always be aware of these emotional instrument in advertisement . we always have the option to consult other source for more information about a product . advertisement will only show u the positive aspect of the product . considering the argument above i do not agree with the statement , that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are ! in fact advertisment is an not complete information . only by assuming that the product ha no disadvantage the consumer may consider a product to be better than it actually is . but this is the consumer fault , who evaluates a product although having incomplete information about it . the purpose of advertisment always is to demonstrate the benefit a product provides never to provide complete information . we should keep that in mind and remember it next time we watch tv or read a magazin !