i agree with the statement , although i believe there are argument for and against this statement . first , if a student learns only fact , then it can be especially difficult for them to apply their knowledge to a practical situation . for example , a pharmacist who know everything about chemical formula might find difficulty trying to suggest to a customer what medicine to take , because they lack the understanding of idea and concept necessary . a student who understands the idea and concept can learn the fact necessary for their job through experience and trial and error . whereas , a student who know only fact will find it much more difficult to learn idea and concept through practical situation . however , student must obviously know fact , otherwise their understanding of idea and concept ca n't be used . using the earlier example , a pharmacist who ha no knowledge of fact but a complete understanding of idea and concept will not be able prescribe a correct medicine to a customer , because without knowing chemical and medical fact , they would not be able to even guess what medicine to advise . another example of why understanding idea is more important than fact can be seen in the way language were taught year ago . many teacher forced their student to learn only verb table ; for example , my grandmother can repeat verb in french , but ha no idea what they mean or how to use them . if she understood the idea and concept , such a grammar and sentence structure , she might be able to create sentence in french . however , without this understanding , her factual knowledge is useless . therefore , we can see that understanding concept is more important than learning just fact . in summary , learning just fact is pointless if the student doe not also learn the idea and concept behind these fact . however , obviously , this doe not mean that a student can learn only concept and idea ; they require a balance of fact and understanding in order to apply and use what they learn .