ideas and concepts make one student perfect . understanding the idea and conecpts are much important than understanding them through the fact . i agree with this saying that student should understand idea and concept . these idea and concept make one student get succed in his future than just understanding them in the form of fact . ideas and concept are important , if we take a example in acedemics , a to understand any subject in his acedamic the student must be with his basic concept and the point in with it is explained nd the basic idea for that subject and he must be aware of all the concept in that subject where a if he go through the fact he may not cover with all th concept and he may not have the grip and that formness that he had when he is with the idea and the concept , so understanding the idea and concept for a student make him have more ability to explain or to express that subject . student who understanding the idea and concept this make them to achive major task like if we take an example of any experiment in science that student should know all the concept to do that experiment like take example of a frog if the student want to experement a frog he need to know all the respiratery organ and how it life in water and also on the land if we go just by fast that it can live in water and aslo on land that is not sufficient to do experiment on it this may lead to the death of the frog so one student should have the idea when nd in which condition like at what weather condition it servive on the land on in the water so by knowing this student can experiment it . if we take in the lonching a rocket the scientist should have many idea and concept like when to lonch the rocket it dosent on the fact that a the rocket lonches it go in to the space and get every detail this will not go a lonching a rocket have many method and it deal with may concept like when nd where to do this and how to deal with this . student can improve his mental ability by thinking much insterd of going according the fact show , like if the student start thinking much and consntrate much on his thinking abilityes he get new idea and in this way he can put all his concept in these new idea and develop him self this make him 2 get succed in inventing may new new thing . like when newton sat under the tree he saw a apple falling down then he started thinking about this this made him to know about the gravitational force he did not leave this to the fact that if a object is thrown then for conform it come bak on to the earth he just started thikinfg about this and he got sudcceded in kowing about this . if we consider in other field like in business if he leaf his business to the fact that he get profit if he sell this may also lead him to get the loss so if one have the idea and concept about that selling of the product then for sure he will get succeded in that stream and he will be with the profit . in this way i strongly belive and suggest that one student should go according to idea and concept than going through the fact .