i disagree the statement , `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . '' i personally like to travel very much and i have been both on a group tour and on my own . although being on a tour wa very helpful in a way which it gave me a lot of information that i wa not familiar with regarding the place i wa visiting , i still prefer traveling on my own for several reason . first of all , if i plan my trip and book flight , hotel , and so forth , it is usually cheaper because i am not paying an additional fee that is going to be paid to the tourist company . secondly , i would like to take time at place i go . in a tour , you have to think about other people in the same group , so you can not take a much a time you want at a certain point during a tour . but if i travel on my own , i can create my own schedule based on what i like to do and what i am interested in . it also give me freedom and flexibity on changing the schedule wherever and whenever if i feel like . thirdly , i like to go to such local place a people market and street-car restaurant where most tour would not cover . i like to talk to the local people and find out where they really go . i think one of the thing about travel that would excite me is that travelling like living . of course i am a traveller , but at the same time , i would like to learn about the city or country in depth from the perspective of local people . places that you go on a tour are probably the most beautiful part of the city or country , which do not necessarily reflect the characteristic of the city or the country that you 're travelling . therefore , i would like to go to local place that i would not get to visit a a tour group in addition to famous sight seeing spot . as a fourth point , i think that a quality of a tour mostly depends on a quality of a tour guide . i have had a tour guide who did not have enough experience . because she lacked the efficiency , we wasted some time or failed to gain certain infomation . the worst tour guide i have had wa the person who discriminated people in the county that she wa guiding . she would tell u distorted stereotypical image toward people and place there . i could not stand the way she perceived those people and the way other tourist would accept her word without any critical analysis . since a quality of a tour ha much to do with a quality of a tour guide , it is pretty unpredictable whether the tour would be nice or not . i would not take such a risk while paying a lot of money . finally , i do not want to travel with many stranger . for me , travelling is something i do for my own pleasure and interest . i would hate being distracted by the people unnecessarily and also would not want to accomonate in their way . the time i am on travel is one of the most precious time i appreciate . that 's why i would like to travel on my own or with friend and family that i would feel comfortable with throughout the trip . for all the reason above , i disagree the given statement , `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ''