is the enthusiasm of a person decrease proportional to time ? it is certain that this assertion depends on the personality or situation of the considered person . however , the people lose their hope from life a they get old and live an ordinary and boring life . therefore , i agree that life is more enjoyable for the young rather than old since i believe in that the enthusiasm inside a person go far away a day passed . first of all , it is probably true for most of the people living on the earth , the experince of a young person is le compared to an old person . think that , when you get a question , you will immediately want to learn the answer of this question . on the other hand , if you heard this question before , you would not get excited to hear the answer of the question . thus , i claim that the life is composed of lot of question which all of them have answer aroun the world . in fact , experience mean that you learn the answer of most of these question . thus , this question lost it significance for your aspect . besides , a younger person will have lot of question related to life in many different area . it is certain that not all of the question will draw the attention but the attractive one will lead to discovering the enjoyability of the life . on a different aspect , enjoying life risk your life in most of the activity and these activity require a definite energy level . it can not be denied that a the person get older , the metabolism of the body decrease in a continuous manner . let 's consider the bungee jumping , it is very enjoyable , but not suitable for the old since it may not be suitable for their health . in fact , the body , itself , doe not let the person do some enjoyable activity . thus , sometimes it may not be related to lose of enthusaism due to age of person . it limit the activity that can be done . moreover , a a person leaf out doing this type of exciting thing , it result in a continuous cycle that lead to an ordinary life . to sum up , i think that enthusiasm make life more enjoyable . besides , sometimes due to some limitation such a health , the people may not perform exciting activity . moreover , when the people learned the answer of the question that are interesting for them , they do not take part in enjoyment of the life . although it may not be possible due to limitation of the life , the person should enjoy life .