this essay will discus the overall advantage of having a broad knowledge of many academic subject versus specializing in one specific subject . i will begin by stating that the particular enviroment and situation a person is in doe determine the outline of the necessary knowledge . since this is the case , let u observe two different case where thing may differ to a certain extent . first , i would like to consider a student who is a freshman at a 4 year college . until he chooses his major , he will have to start accumulating knowledge in many different subject in order to have enough information to determine what he really want to focus on . once he chooses his major , he will then start specializing on one particular subject . but , at this point , it is very important to observe that he still will need to be studying other broader subject to enhance his development a a whole . thus , even the choice of a single focal subject is enabled by understanding a spectrum of other broader subject . next , let u imagine that this student ha graduated and joined the work force . if we simplify thing for the sake of argument , we could have two different situation on our hand . in one case , the student prefers to stay in an academic enviroment and teach . to be able to get a college teaching position , for example , he will have to specialize even further on his chosen path through higher education . but , even while focusing further , he will try to increase his knowledge of subject related to his own particular subject since this one of the fundemental requirement of becoming a good educator . on the other hand , if he chooses to join a company , the people who hire him will probably expect him to be versatile and function in different division of the company . again , a i stated before , i am oversimplifying these situation due to time and space constraint . in conclusion , even in situation requiring focus on a specific subject , a broad knowledge of many academic subject is a must . this enables one to become a well rounded educated person with enough information in different subject wh see the bigger picture whenever necessary .