the youth of today ha forgotten it responsibility towards it community . while there are young people who are willing to help their community , we see that the number of such people is rapidly declining . there are many reason behind these action though not all of them are the fault fo today 's youth . one reason that young people of today are le willing to give time to helping their community is the increase in competition in our life . we see that there are many pressure on the youth of today to perform well in their life , whether it is at job or in educational institute a the competition for good job oppurtunities ha greatly increased over the year . thus we see that young people generally prefer to spend a lot of time trying to improve their own value in the job market through extra course and project and , thus , have lesser amount of time to devote to helping out with their community . as we can observe there is a sharp decline in the number of people who are willing to participate in activity such a collection of clothing for the poor and recycling paper believing that they have other demand on their time . another important factor is that with the growth of mass medium and communication technology we see that their are many entertainment establishment that are constantly trying to gain the attention of the young people of today and tend to distract them from their responsibility . for instance , consider a new cinema or bowling alley which ha recently opened . it will offer many enticing discount in order to attract customer . one can easily imagine how tempting his would be to the people . a youth , given the fact that this is a short-term offer would generally choose to postpone any community service that he or she had planned to avail this offer . when choosing between volunteering at an old-age home and watching the latest movie at one-third the cost most people would choose to go to the movie . however , a the number of entertainment centre grow , these enticement also grow distracting the youth from their obligation to their community . furthermore , we see that in many country corruption and lawlessness are so abound among the upper reach of the administration that the youth get frustrated in their effort to help with their community . hence , we see that many young people are demoralized and decide to pursue only their own personel interest than to attempt to help the community . for example , student who take up an enviromental initiative to plant more tree , may find that the plot where they had planted the tree ha been sold for construction of an office building . in order to get the youth of today interested in their community there is an active need for the administrator of the company to provide them with support and encouragement . in conclusion we see that the youth of today ha become more frivilous about it responsibility and doe tend to ignore it duty . however , there are various factor which have led to this behaviour among the young people . we should not condemn their action without fully appreciating the enviroment in which they live .