knowledge is something so much important for the humankind . some people agree that having broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject is the right thing to do and some of them think the opposite . i agree with the opposite , i would rather specialize in one specific subject . these are my following reason . first of all , your knowledge will be strong . after specializing on one specific subject , you are going to have so much information only about this . nonetheless , other people who have information about so many thing will never be an expert on the subject . they could have opinion , however unlike you , they wont have strong idea and enough supporting information . being an expert on one thing give the person so much power about that subject which can be used to convince someone easily . people will count on your strong idea . secondly , the knowledge will last long time . people who have knowledge about so many thing will forget their information in time . nevertheless , specializing on one idea will make our information last long time . they will never be forgotten . for example , someone who spent whole his life on one thing will never ever forget that subject because after some time it is becoming one of his part , on the contrast , someone trying to learn about everything will forget what he learns soon , because he cant keep that all in my mind . the last but not least , being an expert on one specific subject will lead u to success . for instance , i wa quite good at math in the high school , i wa also good at chemistry . however , when i wa going to university i had to choose one of them because in no place on earth , they are letting you to specialize in more then one specific subject in university . you have to choose one of them in order to lead to success . noone can be professor of so many thing . you can be a professor of one major subject . therefore , it is so much important to have great idea on one major subject . also the basketball player can not play ball and study at the same time . for leading to success they have to choose one thing and specialize on that . to sum up , i want to say that specializing in one specific subject is so much important rather than having knowledge on so many thing . because , knowledge on one thing will be strong , last long time and lead u to success which is required by everyone .