the thesis if there are fewer car in use than today can be discussed controversal . many point have to be considered in the global progress of economy , culture and und maybe even event you can not calculate with . in my opinion the number of car in twenty year will most probably increase . there are different reason why . the economy try to sell more car and did very well the last decade . so i would n't expect them to work le effective during the next twenty year . the trend go to more consumption and the automobile sector is huge in a time where flexibility and local indepedence is wanted from company . also the basic for driving a car , petrol , is secured for the next hundred year . that make it even more unlikely that a branch will increase it production . one actual topic is interesting when i consider it might be the way that fewer car will be produced . the global warming is so impressingly aware in the last year , e.g megatornados or wide spread flooding caused by melting pole , that people might be lead to think about another way of being mobile . i can imagine that a new kind of car will come , hybrid car , that will have have another source for their energie where the exaust will be pure water . that save the nature from acidic rain caused be carbondioxide . under these circumstance the number of car will increase . i am just not sure how long it will take to establish a new lobby for these kind of car , a lobby that ha more power than the oil lobby today . at the moment car dealer have on the one hand problem to sell their car , on the other hand there are coming more and more other car brand in the open market ( globalisation ) . the result is that price fall . with lower price more people can afford to buy a car . and so the will , i guess . a problem with more and more car is the infrastructure . even in germany the street have more and more traffic . this can lead to more traffic jam than we havetoday , what make is more expensive for firm or more stressful for usual driver to drive a car . that could become a reason that the number of car will increase slowly . as a conclusion i can say that firm will find a way to sell more car than now . one good effect on this can be that in spite of the more car the quality of car referring to oecological reason will become better because of public pressure or because of a refusing nature .