`` why do n't you get more involved in church community activity ? '' , my father used to ask me when i wa younger . in my oppinion there are a lot of factor that have to be taken in account , when analyzing the modern situation . but the trend certainly show , that young people spend le time for helping their community . modern improvement forced u to focus more on individuality than year before . for instance , many television advertisments show successful star , who want to show the importance of individual potential . if you are a great actor or singer , why focusing on the community ? this will sooner or later evolve to an attitude of egoistic . which mean , i am the most important person in my life and this is what really matter . second , young people are le bound to their evironment and requirement for a successful life changed . today , you need to be able to adjust in a short time , for instance , to a new city or country . otherwise , employer might choose someone else for the job . furthermore , expactations of adult towards child changed , too . school and mark are more important than anything . as a matter of fact , student in japan spend most of the time in school or at home , while preparing class and learning from textbook . there is hardly any time left for the community . yet , the most striking factor is human lazyness . for example , when you live in a big city , you do n't rely on your neighbour . however , many people living in huge , crowded area do not even know the people living next to them . there is no reason for communication and a long there is a possibility , that people take advantage of your friendship without giving something in return , human nature tends to refuse interaction . supermarkets , cold store and several other service enabled people to live independent from any community . there is obviously no need for a community . in conclusion , i agree with the statement . roughly speaking , young people avoid responsibility towards community in recent decade . certainly , they should think about changing their mind in the future and realize the benefit .