although the act of trying new thing might be accompanied with a risk , most successful people are using every new oppotunities a the chance . working on the thing that they already know how to do well is boring and uninteresting . people have to face the challenge in order to be successful in their life . i leaned this through reading the play called the raisin in the sun and from my experience of moving to the u.s. and trying new thing . in the play , the raisin in the sun , one of the character in the book , walter , try to pursue his dream of starting his own buisiness . despite the opposition from his family member and social unacceptance , he tried his best to grant his dream . in the book , he said that successful person is the one that take a risk and that he want to do the same with his father 's insurance money . although he failed to make his dream come true , i thought that trying new thing is certainly the one factor to be successful . it is lot better than just doing thing that doe not interest a person and even if he fails to use the chance , he still lean something that he could not have gained if he wa working in the same , mundane situation . when i wa in middle school , i wa tired of the boring classroom of eld class that i have spent most of my middle school year in . everyday , the class did the same thing over and over again . although i wa eager to get out of eld program , i did not have a courage to lean in completely different situation with people who can speak english fluently and without help of a dictionary . but one day , i wa told by my teacher that i am eligible to get out of the eld class . i wa excited but anxious at the same time ; i even thought about staying in the same class with my friend . however , i chose to take a risk and decided to take class with native speaking student . although i had hard time adjusting to new environment and making new friend , i do not regret making that decision and i think that my experience will be useful in future . the play that i read in the past and my experience of taking risk make me think that successful people are the people who try new thing and the people that are not afraind of taking risk . doing same thing lower people 's motivation and it doe not do any good to them .