when determining whether a person is successful or not , we all look at different characteristcs he ha or what kind of work he ha done . in the same way , some may think that successful person come from only doing what he already know how to do well . though some may think that taking risk is too dangerous , i believe that many successful people try new thing and become succsessful because of it . one of the reason i believe in such way is because i play sport , and i know that i have to take risk sometimes to be successful . one great example would be tiger woods , one of the best golfer to play the sport . he constantly take risk in every shot he take , which is probably why he ha been the number one ranked golfer for past several year . another great example would be roger federrer . several year ago , only few knew his name . but now , almost everyone who watch or read sport related article know or atleast heard or seen his name , a he the number one ranked player in the world . he too take risk in his tennis match , when he can just stay back and take simple shot every time . but , he doe not stay back and take simple , easy and safe shot when he play . he take risk and gamble in order to trick and confuse his opponent . several year ago , he wa criticized for not being aggressive enough with his shot . in another word , he wa being too safe , not taking any risk . now he is probably better at it than anybody else , and that may be the reason he is very successful . another reason is because of the wright brothers . if they did not make an airplane , where would we be right now ? if they just accepted the idea that human can not fly , would we have airplane right now ? i believe their will to challenge new thing , and a tremendous challenge , is incredible , and that is why they are regarded a most influencial people in many article and book . if they did not challenge our old idea , they would not have been successful , a they probably would have stuck to their old job . whether one succeeds in sport , business , or in some other way doe not matter . what matter is the path one take , and the mind set of one , and i believe all successful share these characteristic . i also believe that doing what one already know over and over will not make one successful , a someone may be able to the same thing just a well . to beat that person , one should always challenge oneself and take risk to accomplish something higher .