the humankind is always need understanding idea and concept to reach good life standard . therefore , understanding idea and concept are very important aspect of view about the idea of understanding idea and concept . some assume that , it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . i totaly agree that , understanding idea and concept are important than it is for them to learn fact . understanding idea and concept are related with success . people always try to get reach right information . furthermore , we would like to know thing we would not know . for example parent always push forward their kid to go to primary school , college and university . it 's reason is understanding the idea and concept . for example after graduation people need to job to work and earn money but people who work for a company in a financial sector but if he doe not know the idea of finance or concept finance such a how doe the stock price rise or reduce , probably he will not success in his or her job . in addition to this understanding idea and concept are related with money . for example a person who ha qualified in his job he would be promoted immediately by his manager of the company . besides that a person who understand idea or concept he would like trust himslef which is he doe not need a luck to earn money . he would like to get better life . also , he would like to join different kind of social status in public . the last but not least , understanding idea and concept are related with getting popular . for example , a person who want to be a writer . he would like to read a lot of book and need to understand different kind of idea , concept . in my country doe not have a person who ha a nobel prize . in this year orhan pamuk who is successful writer win that prize with his book . in his speech , he mention about how do people become a successfull writer . he talked about hardworking which is writing and reading all night all day but also he mention about before writing a book , we need understanding the idea and concept . he win the nobel prize and he also win one million dollar prize and nobel prize brings him popularity in the world . all in all , a i said i totally agree that it is more important for stundets to understand idea and concept that it is for them to learn fact . understanding idea and concept are related both success and money a well a getting popular . the long and the sort of it is that i hope that the authority do not disregard what i mention .