i think it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . in my own experience , i have seen this all along my life and work . if you specialize in only one specific subject , you will always be limited to a very small field of action and will not be able to work or give opinion in other area that could be related to yours if that were the case . this tendency sytarted with ford company in the assembly line in the beginning of the century when henry ford launched his first mass produced car . every person in the assembly line had a specific task to carry out and that wa all they did . well , at the very beginning , this might have been good but after a while i do not think that those people like their job very much . it is boring and routinary and of course production level decrease . and this doe not only happen in an assembly line , it can be applied to every field of action . during the eighty this specialization had a terrible drawback general motors corporation fired a lot of worker and obviously these people were not prepared to find and do another job but what they had been doing for a long time . those worker had to even go back to school in oreder to learn something else to do in today world . this fact and other make me agree with the statement . when you know different subject and have knowledge of them you are more prepared to survive in this everyday changing society , you can adapt more to those change if you are used to manage something from different area of knowledge . i am a teacher of english in my country but first of all i am a teacher who teach value , habit , culture , etc. and then i teach english . in this country , the united states , i try to do the same . that is i am applying my experience and adapting them to a totally new atmosphere were my culture and habit could be old fashioned or not accepted . even , i have had to learn from other culture in order to deliver my information better and more accurately . as an another example , i like to answer those question about culture and all type of knowledge of the television contest , and of course i like it when my answer is the correct one . sometimes specialization is good but we never have to be so specialized on something we need to know about everything that is around u and that affect the way we live . i can not only drive my car not knowing that i am also depleting the ozone layer when i do it . we have to be more concious and in order to do so we need the most important thing these day knowledge .