i believe all people may enjoy their life independent from their age because all of the life stage ha their own advantage and disadvantage . thus , i do n't agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . assume that you 're 70 and you do n't have grandchild . if having child of your child is important to you , then you wo n't be happy and wo n't be enjoying your life . furthermore , assume that you are in your twenty and you can not go to dance with your friend . again if it is relevant to you , you wo n't be enjoying your life and age . on the other hand if you have all your expectation from your age , then you 'll be the best person in the world and enjoy your life more than anyone in the world . first of all , it 's true that being young brings some advantage about enjoying life . like you 're energetic , healthy and careless than old people do . traveling , making sport and dating are easy for you . however , it ha disadvantage . you may travel more than an old person but in case if you have enough money and permission . you can not shut the door and say to your parent that you 're going to a spiritual trip to india . they will ask you why and most probably they wo n't let you . being older ha also it disadvantage and advantage . when you are old , this mean you are full of knowledge at least in one specific topic . moreover you have one-life long experience . therefore , people like and want to talk to you due to getting benefit from your knowledge and experience . you have lot of thing to tell such a your memory of childhood , experience in your work and all these funny and bad luck event . you have faced more year of the world 's history that youngster can not have a chance to see . of course , a a direct disadvantage of this view , you will not be able to see the next generation . to conclude , elder people may also enjoy life a much a young people for me . it 's solely about what you expect from life and what the life give to you . if they fit to one another , you will be enyojing your life at a maximum level whatever your age is .