nowadays , many theme exist about studying . some people believe that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact while others think that it is more important for student to learn fact than it is for them to understand idea and concept . i belivev that understanding idea and concept are more important than learning factor for several reason . first of all , understanding idea and concept are essential for student . even if student know the fact , if student do not understand idea and concept , the fact would not mean anything . it could be just number and statistic . for example , in the international business class , student learned why country trade each other . beneath the base concept of trade , there were two idea : comparative and absolute advantage . after student learned that they looked at the factor and number . students knew what the factor are supposed to mean because they already knew the idea and concept of the fact . if professor just showed to student factor , they never know that what these factor and number are supposed to mean . second , understanding idea is more important than learning fact because student can easily find and learn the fact . every fact are online . by internet , student can find every fact they want to know from population to income rate . however , in order to understand idea and concept student should spend their time and concentrate on that idea student want to know . for example , last semester i got an assignment to fill out the blank table about contry 's factor such a gdp ( gross domestic production ) and industrialized rate . i could fill up the table with factor because every fact that i wanted to get wa online . by clicking the mouse , it wa a piece of cake . but understanding the idea of gdp wa sore . especially , gdp per capita ( gdp by population ) wa the height . to understand that i spent two hour . third , understanding idea are more important than learning fact because it encourage student independency to do . students can get fact that indicated by someone else such a expert and professor . students depend on them . by depending on others , student can not be independent . however , student should study and work to understand idea and concept . they have to figure it out what idea are by themselves . it need independency for student . in conclusion , i believe that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact beause the fact are only uselful after understanding general idea and concept . in addition , understading the idea need more time to do it and it encourges student independency .