in modern day , there are more thing to do for young people than for older people . the recent electric product are all focused on young people not older people . things become more difficult for older people to learn new technology . the significance difference between how older people enjoy life and young people enjoy life is another reason why older people can not enjoy life a much a young people doe . one reason that young people would enjoy their life better than older people would be change in technology . as the techology develops , the company are focusing on entertaining young people . as an example , the video game are focusing on young people , and so a the computer . also , thing like computer became more complicated and harder to use . it is hard for older people to learn it and enjoy it with other people . as a result , young person get bigger verity in term of how they can enjoy life . in addition , it is very different how older people enjoy their life and how young people enjoy their life . young people would enjoy life by playing game and hanging out with friend , older people enjoy life by making achievement and spending time with family . since , young people reject to spend time with older people , older people spending time alone or by themselves and having hard time enjoying life . again , a a result , older people have le way to enjoy life . another reason why young people enjoy life more than older people do is because they have the energy which older people no longer have . young people get more chioce in term of how to enjoy life . sports activity would be a good example . most of young people have better stamen than older people , and it help them to enjoy the same thing longer compare to older people . it prof that young people could enjoy life better as a conclusion , young people enjoy life more than older people since they could enjoy the new technology . also they have energy to do more thing which requires a lot of energy to enjoy such a sport . the difference of what they enjoy would be another factor which prof that young people enjoy life more .