in today world of information overload the specialist are much more neccesary than the generalist in order to further take step in our technological development . fisrt off all although it neccesary to see the wide picture when faced with the problem the solution to the problem relies on specific knowledge of the problem . for instance an academician with wide range of knowledge in engineering may easily realize the problem in assembeling a robot where knowledge from several field engineering is needed much more quicker than a specifically trained engineer who can point out the problem associated with his special knowledge . with his wide range of knowledge he can say that the electrical circuitrary is not working correctly . but in order the fix the problem he ha to need help from an electrical engineering . secondly a in today world information is very extensive for one to collect and digest . people have to specilaze on one subject . the development of technology force u to specialize in onet . in the early day of humanity it is logical to expect an academician to know everything about the all science field . but nowadays thing are getting much more complicated that one can handle . we have diverse society to many field and wait them to communicate each other . last but least you can see many people having diverse knowledge about all issue but not specified in one of those . those people are not valued by the humanity and no one can remember them in future . for instance a primary school teacher have to have broad knowledge of all science field . he is just the first step of the development . although he is essential for the maintainance of the development he can not add new brick to the scientific literature . as you progress in your academic study you can also realize that academiciens getting more and more specialized . those academician are at the top of the development that struggle for the research . those will be remembered because of their support to the science . all in all specialist are much more needed in our society where it is impossible for one to digest all information . specialist are the people who we are bound to in technological development . i can not deny the importance of the generalist but they just constitute the basic of the building . if we want to build new floor we have to promote specialist .