people can be successfull in a lot of different are . they can be successfull in sport , or music or in their proffession . but do they have in common , that they are trying new thing and are taking risk ? in my opinion , that is definitely the case . people who are successsfull know what it mean to be good at something . to get this feeling in manz different are they try new thing , because it could be possible that they succeed in this area a well . for example a good basketballer . he love beeing the one people cheer at . to get this feeling more often he begin doing highjump or so . so that he could be successfull more often . i think that another very important point is the fear that they could suddenly fail , and this fear is a higher a successfull you are at the moment . failing in an area in which everbody considers you to be good is much harder than failing in something you are doing the first time . if i am doing a iq test and i wa successfull , i fear to do it again . because i am worried about if i am a good a the last time . but doing an other test would not mind because no one could compare my result . so i prever to take some risk and do something new . the most important argument is that successfull people are willing to search for new aim and new competition in their live more than `` looser charackters '' . they are not worried about failing because they know they are good in something . no , they search for new competition and new hurdle they could take successfullly . my friend for example is very good at athletics . but he doe not want to stay here at home and do his sport like it is right now . no , he want to go in a foreign country to compete there and to meassure with other student . this mean a completly new surrounding for him and the risk he could fail , or could be not a successfull in athletics a he is here in germany . all in all i agree with this statement , because i only know successfull people , who are not only doing thing they know they are good at , but who are trying new thing and taking risk .