now a day in this globalised world people need fast mode of transportation to move from one part of the world to other . in that process people will choose many source of transportation . cars play on of the vital role in the transportation in those many source now in this 20th century people are giving a lot of importance to time and they are trying to make their time to travel lesser . that is they are trying to see that they waste minimum time . and i hope this busy life would become even more in future say after 20 year or after any number of year . so people will not find themselves wasting time . now many of people are using car a their mode of transportation and so due to the busy schedule in life they try to use much more faster way to transport . that is they try to find car which are much faster than the present age . in my opinion usage of car will ever increase but not decrease . in developing country like united states of america , united kingdom and some other place people use car for many resons . they use car for not wasting their time in transportation , and even prefer car for comfortable journey . in developing country and in under developed country the people not only maintain car for have a comfortable journey but also people maintain car a a symbol of prestige . coming to the point of protection we recieve from car we can protects ourselves from environmental pollution like dust , smoke , frost , etc . and from climatic condition like extreme cold , snow , rain . hot sun etc . many can mention a point about extiction of resource like shortage of diesel , petroleum etc , may happen due to the extensive usage of car . but once we see that there are many us through car , then we can do a lot of research work to find out other source for running the car . alternative resource are seen in such a way that the extiction of petroleum product will not affect the uasge to car . and we cant even dream about the time were usage of car is reduced . one great example is that the rate of manufacturing of the car is increasing day by day . the company of car manufacturing product are also increasing day by day . not only just increasing but also profiting themselves with gain . so in view of all the above mentioned condition one would prefer to purchase a car if he doesnot have any , or to purchase another one if he already have one . so obviously there will be increase in usage of car even in 20 year from now . and preciesly not only just 20 year but also more number of year .