many organization centre depend mostly on teaching their student the concept of a lesson or structure , a they think it would provide them with better knowledge skill and life experience . but other organization are strict enough to teach what they were thought , and what book are to mention , that is `` fact '' . i agree with the statement , a it is true in my opinion . being a student in a class requires a lot of effort of listening to the teacher , in many case , my classmate and i used to daydream in the class . this is subject to happen only when fact are to be learnt . like for example , if we are told about a result of a particular policy in let ' say , economics subject , it wo n't sound interesting at all , instead , most of u used to feel bored and felt sleepy . if economics is to be more interesting , these fact which are being thought could be diversified into idea and concept based on reality , for example , our school could schedule for u an access to different industry from different sector , depending on the lesson objective . this will not only create a joyful environment in the class , but , instead it wont vanish from our brain so easily ! . facts are to be forgotten in a day or another , whereas , concept and idea would never be forgotten . we would always picture the idea or experience again . many of u graduate annualy from different university , but ha anyone of u gained a job experience based on our major in the university , the answer is no ! . instead we have to ought ourselves to hard work to get the experience from company , and get paid low wage , some of u are humiliated ! . many of u have n't yet completed our master degree , and we require a job to pay for our master , however , many company do not employ u because of the lack of experience . this problem can be solved by providing the undergraduate or high school student with life based experience , not far from fact , but fact attached with reality and which can be cleared from doubt and misunderstanding .