during the last century , the number of car in use ha been growing fasterand faster everyday in the developped and rich country . the easy access to the petroleum , it low price and the development of the economical powerful of the people are the principal reason of this enormous expansion . today different problem make people think that there could be fewer car in use in twenty year . the most important is the lack of petroleum . we 've been drilling petroleum for many year without considering that it 's not an infinite ressource . these last year the scientist have revealed that petroleum sould be missing soon . the direct consequence is the increase of the price that we 've seen these last year . it4s clear that we need to find another source of energy to replace the petroleum the gaz seems to be the best one for the moment , but even if we can already buy some car using gaz it seems that people are not ready for that . they keep buying some car using petroleum . electric car are not really popular a they 're not powerfull . the other important point that could make the number of car in use decrease in the next year is the environmental problem . this is one of the biggest problem for the different government around the world . environment is one of the most current subject on tv since a little bit le than ten year . it 's been proved that the high number of car in the big city like london , paris or madrid is one of the reason why the pollution is so elevated . some people think that the government could limit the number of car that a family could buy in the economically developped country , a they already try to limit the use of the car in the main city during the summer period . what i think personnally is that , despite the development of the different public transportation ( like the tramway in paris ) , the people here are not ready for this . i think that they 'll try to adapt themself to the use of new energy but wo n't buy le car . i4ve seen a very interesting report about the recent discover of the biggest gaz reserve in the world in siberia . it wa saying that this only one could give enough energy to the entire europe for the next twenty year . i really that it can work a the gaz doe n't make a much pollution a the petroleum doe . and i believe that during these twenty year , we 'll find another type of ressource . so my opinion is that there wo n't be fewer car in use in twenty year . much