the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . this question is very good to answer to the my opinion . in my opinion , i think i do n't agree the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide . how is nice travel will be another one control to do somthings . then , i disagree the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . first of all , i have to choose the best way to travel is by myself . maybe will hard to find some information that i want to travel to another place . also i have to spend many time to study new thing , and asked someone how can i get a good travel in my tour . there are many thing too hardly , but i think this is a good thing . second , even thought the travel will happened bad thing . for explam , if i loss my wallet or the thief take my passport . these are is big problem in the another country when i travel to another place , but i think these are not stopped i give up to travel to myself . thirth the reason is interseting for my life . i can useful the nice experience that let my life colorful and good memory in my life . travel is the important thing in our life . if i can do somethings for myself , i will try to travel country . also i can get knowledge and learned a lot different thing in another country . this is good thing . i have to try travel by myself . somepeople will choose the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , maybe that have a lot of converiet and save their time to find some information . and they use the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . maybe will safe this tipe , but i this will lot somthings when they traveled . in the word , in my opinion , i will choose the best way to travel is by myself tour guide . and i will look over and see the world around everywhere . also i can known and learnd many thing by myself in pas every travel . as a result , i think i can do anythings in my travel time , i have to get many new thing , and let me to do best in every time . the best way to travel is by myself .