i agree with the statement , that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . the reason in doing so is rather obvious . by taking an example my point of view might be understandable . for instance let u look at an mp3 player . there are many mp3 player on the market . why should i take a product from company a if i can have one from company b. so the marketing ha to face this problem by creating something that may convince the customer to buy the product . that is why advertisement may want to convince the customer that there is a certain incentive that only this product ha . maybe an mp3 player ha the function of a calendar , that no other mp3 player seems to have . so the marketing and the construction departement may be focussing on the calendar , but neglect the core function : playing music . it may happen that i am fascinated by the calendar and buy the mp3 player , but may be frustrated because the rest is not what i imagined . a second argument why product may seem better than they really are , can be that a customer can choose from a variety of thing to spend the hard earned money . should he buy the mp3 player or the dvd player , that maybe not transportable , but can also play mp3s . by making the product `` larger than life '' a customer may favor the mp3 player over the dvd player . finally in this world of consumption everybody want to have something special . so the advertising agency create a certain sense of individuality with there advertisement . as i mentioned before : there are many different mp3 player . why should a customer choose a certain one ? because the advertisement doe not only create a sense of extra-value but also of individuality . the ipod for example cost more than other mp3 player without a certain incentive , that nobody else ha . still it ha enormous sale figure because people think they get a special product that wa made just for them . to put it in a nutshell : the question that every marketing agency ha to deal with is : why should a customer buy our product ? they can achieve this goal by making the product seem much better than they really are .