i do not agree to the statement . in my opinion successful people do n't do new or different thing . but they do thing in a different maner than others which give them success . there are a lot of area that a person can explore in his life . he dream to be someone in life that will take him to new height and new horizon . however in this process he undergoes various adaptation , learns new principle . what matter success is the method in which it is attained . for birth of a new thing it not always trying something new will give success . it is the perseverence with which it is done . not all invention are successful at the first time . for example thomas edison invented the bulb on his hundredth attempt of his experiment . so in this process no doubt he did invent the bulb which wa a great invention in that time . but at the same time he never gave up on his plan and attempt by attempt he rediscovered his theory behind the electric bulb . there are many scientist , archelogist , poet wo were not given the recognition they deserved on their invention . many time they were discouraged by the society to bring about change . so society also mold life of a person . so in my opinion a person ha to leave behind all the block that try to hinder his performance . positive attitude also play a major role in anyones success . there are many negative element in the society which always brings the marale of a person down . for success to happen a person ha to be dedicated in his aim . he should act accordingly to attain his objective . moreover trying new thing doe not alone bring success . the circumstance in which a person attains his plan of life also play a major role . there is always a difference between a man that is self made and a man who ha readily got an establishment from his forefather . the self made man with his motivation will try to evolve into something he always wanted to be . he ha his goal set and in the least favoring condition he will move ahead with his goal . however a man who ha a readymade establishment will try to continue in the same status . he would not try to move ahead with the given foundation . hence only a man who know the technique behind say business management or technical principle will be successful . hence just trying out new thing and taking risk need not always bring success . instead a man can be significantly sucessful if he try to do thing he already know in a different maner . for example for a ball bearing manufacturer who ha a fixed clientele can try to expand his business by setting up additional manufacturing plant and increase his clientele and the application where the balll bearing are used . there is a saying in the business management world that `` not taking a risk is also a risk '' . the timing should be adequate and the should be calculated earlier . hence according to me trying out new thing should be on the mind of every individual but it should be accompanied by various quality a described above to make it a big success .