i believe that two decade from now we shall have fewer car than there are today . to achieve a sustainable development , already many country are discouraging use of private transport and framing rule and regulation that will lead to mass acceptance of public transport . moreover , with advancement in transport technology , alternative mode of transport will develop . world population is increasing at tremendous rate . with rise in population increase the demand for travel since the total number of individual increase so , one might think that future will show u growth in number of car too . but , for this to happen infrastructure should also increase at the same pace . car building workshop will have to increase the capacity . pertroleum company will have to dig more well . but , from where are they going to find the resource ! people can not go on exploiting environment in the way they want to achieve their comfort of travelling in their own car . there is growing world consciousness that one can not sacrifice the development of future generation to become merrier today . hence , many country of the world , like us , brazil , singapore , india have embarked upon a novel and ambitious project of `` sustainable development '' . various organisation like international energy agency and world bank work together with many country under this project to create a better future . rules and regulation have been framed to popularise public transport . with time certainly demand for personal transport will go down and so will be the number of car . moreover , if one were to go by temporal relationship between science depicted in movie and technolgy in the day-to-day world , one will see that whatever a fiction writer or movie director imago ha come true in about few year from the inception because of science . for instance , a ` submarine ' imagined in `` twenty thousand leagues under the sea '' ( a book by r.l.stevenson ) wa made a reality few year after it publication . hence , it would not be preposterous to believe that we will have our own personal flying automobile a shown in the movie `` the fifth element '' . in fact , if human are able to colonise in space e.g. moon , there shall be more space vehicle and le car . one might also envisage a `` particle transporter '' a seen in `` star trek '' . then there shall not remain a need for anyone to have a car . given , the rapid development and promise offered by science all this seems quite achieveable within next two decade . hence , it can be safely said that there will be fewer car in use twenty year down the line .