a lot of my friend complain that their parent are too boring . they tell that their parent are not interested in enjoying their leisure time . moreover , older people want that younger people enjopy their life becausethey have already experienced a lot of enjoyment in their youth . therefore , older people encourage younger people to enjoy life . i agree definitely that young people enjoy life more than older people . young people are enthousiastic and vital to live an exciting life . they tend to use opportunity to travel ; and they want to experience different thing . they want to know everything . furthermore , they tend to get quickly bored so they go to party . and they dance and go to concert . i am not different . in my free time , i like to meet my friend , go to restaurant , and more over . to enjoy life mean for the youth that they can experiment and try different way of life . in contrast , older people are now much slower than young people . they do not want to act more than it is necessary but i can understand this . i think when i get older i will become more inactive because i will have a family , one or two child . i will want that my child enjoy their life . moreover , i will them give the possibility , so that they can do more thing . this is because i do not want that they say later that they could not feel happy with their life . it would be terrible for me . it is interesting how young people combine a free happy leisure time with businees . they become even more successful because they are limited in their activity like older people . my friend are all perfect example . a lot of them are succesful in their career because they are happy and agile . enjoying life lead to satisfaction . therefore , i think , because older people stop to enjoy life they become more and more dissatisfied . there are two reason for me why i think that young people enjoy their life . one reason is that they want to see and experience everything . another reason is that they become more succesful with this attitude . now , i enjoy my life , too , but i know that this attitude will end in the future not only because of some change in my life but also some change in my attitude toward enjoying life .