a person that is successfull or want to be successfull like to try new thing and take risk in life instead of doing only what they know they are good at . this might be because a truly successfull person know that an unending process of learning is what being successfull is all about . when you try new thing you learn and see thing you did not know about and your perception becaomes wiser , your knowledge is expanded . when you do something only because you know you are skilled at it you are denying your your chance to explore the other possibility and innovation the world can offer . therefore , i consider my mom to be a very successfull and lawyer and human being . she is a person that ha travelled to many country , and consequently ha been to three different continent . she ha seen many culture , even experienced many culture and ha perceived the definition of justice other country have . she ha gained experience because of this and implemented it in her work , she even visited prison to get to know case and approach the venezuelan legal system a different . all of these experience made her a successfull lawyer that even worked with the government and defended well known official of the government . on the otherhand , one can be and want to be successfull in many aspect of life , especially , in one very essential which is love . my cousin had a crush on girl for three year and acted like her best friend when in fact he loved her . he wa an amazing friend and wa very good in that position , he resignated to being that because he wa afraid if he told her his feeling she would reject him . finally , after me and his friend convinced him , he took the risk of asking her and telling her what he truly felt . she felt the same about , so by being strong and courageous enough my cousin felt happy and very successfull . adquiring experience by trying new thing sometimes usefull , sometimes even a waste of time make you grow a a person and increase your knowledge . you more power in your life to make decision , embrace change and know what happiness truly is for you . to try new thing you have to have courage , to be determined and to make risk . in taking risk you can lose but can also win and know instead of wondering .