even if fact can change depending on the topic , it is very important for studens to learn them . in my opinion i would strongly desagree with this statement . students always open their mind to learn no matter what is that they are learning . for a studen to make a good argument in a thesis or in a topic he or she will have to be able to have clear idea and concept , but at the same time learn some fact to support their answer . as an example to identify whether or not a student is using his/her knowledge properly would be what happened on september 11 . when the two plane crashed on the two commerce building in new york . some idea could give the student some understanding of what had occurred on that terrible moment , same a some concept that most people would give to describe what happened . but , for a student to clearly analize this incident some fact will have to be given . facts are part of the history that we a human being make everyday . no matter what happens around the world , fact will always be there to help u describe , understand and let u give our opinion . not all the time student will have to learn fact a they will have to understand idea and concept , but in my opinion they might go together . a good reason for these three thing to be together is that ; you can not understand and idea without having a good concept , you can not describe a concept without having any fact that prof it and you wo n't be able to fully understand fact if you do n't know how to develop idea and use your concept . another example will be leonardo da vinci . he had to support his idea and concept by having fact to understand . what would have happened if he put to much red colour in mona lizas 's lip ? there is a fact that deal with the consequence of our action . da vinci would have had to think about scientist fact before starting his new invention . the time will go by and we will all develop a new way of life . our capacity to think will change for better and our way to study will have to change too . until that time come we must use our own resourses to learn and understand whatever it is that we are talking about . always understand idea and concept and use your learned fact to make sure that what you are saying is right . students always know what is the better way to learn .