there is a big difference between the concept of having an extra information about one academic topic in term of having a enough information and knowledge about more than one academic subject . according to me i prefer to have exra information about one topic instead of having knowledge about more than one topic . because of some reason a such ; being happy or earning more money . first of all ; having an extra and extra information about a subject could make you a specialist about this area . it is so important feature about making your job good . if you improve yourself really extraordinarily about a specific subject , it also brings you success and powerty . for instance ; you are a doctor and you are really successfull in your job . everyone could know you because of your ability to reach the goal , a a result you will be a person who is unique in your area . also this success could bring you happiniess and money at the same time . you will be happy because you are doing your job good and people are admiring you about your high ability about this subject . for example you are the doctor who will find a solution for the cancer . because you are just focused on the this topic and there is nothing to prevent your success . at the same time speciality will bring you a money . they all related thing . for instance again ; if you are a doctor and you are doing your job and everyone know you , it mean that you will have lot of patient and you will gain much more money . on the other hand ; you are a doctor but at the same time you want to be a engineer or historian . but unfortunatley it s not possible to become really succesfull for every department . because all these subject are different from each other and the human could not have enough capacity to achieve these goal at the same time . as a consequence : you could not reach the same power and respect unlike being a specialist consequnetly : according to me being a successful only one are instead of more than one , is a really goood and important thing . because it could give you extra adventages like earning more money or being happy .