i agree to the claim that it is indeed important for student to understand the basic idea and fundamental concept of any science rather than just learning the fact . observing the fact is just like a surfacial phenomenon . only , when we penetrate through the existing reality of the subject and understand it inmost charecteristics through analysis of observed idea an concept , then only we can correctly map them to the existing fact . understanding idea and concept is nothing but a sort of research . thus , we can redefine our knowledge on the subject and find out the innovation and possible way to utilize it for our use . if we just concentrate on fact , then sometimes we may just get carried away with our erroneous conclusion . only , through understanding it fundamental feature we can analyse it 's basic nature and can put forth satisfying theory that work well with observed fact . mankind had progressed significantly most of the time through understanding the idea and concept relating to the subject rather than learning fact . ofcourse , fact too have their significance , but only analysis of the subject will make progress in that field . for an example , let take the field of vlsi ( very large scale intergrated circuits ) . only through the understanding the concept behind it made significant chnages in it field . onbody can really look into the integrated chip and learn how it work . only , through a thourough analysis of idea and concept we can actually fabricate a chip . in this case we have no scope to observe the fact rather than understanding it . the main reason for supporting to understanding the idea and concept is , then only the student will have complete idea about how the fact will actually take shape . then , they can plan for innovation and alteration in it . thats how the concept of research arises . only through research have progressed to this extent . by understanding the basic concept and learning , analysing fact will become automatic . but , the converse is not true always . the first one will prompt for further research while the later , just give a dry understanding . the basic nature of a research is nothing but understanding and thouroughly analyse the idea and concept . which ultimately boost the progress of that field . especially , when it come to the student it is their responsiblity to understand what they study and if possible bring out the best innovation out of the existing one . learning a fact is mere acquision of some knowledge regarding that which often have lesser importance when compared to understanding the concept and analysing through idea . so , i conclude that it really important for the student to understand idea and concept reather than to learn the fact a it motivates them to for research and come out with excellent enhancement and new development . ofcourse , learning fact is important , but it is of lesser importance when compared to understanding the idea and concept .