regarding the statement , successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , i agree with this idea . there are a couple of reason . doing only what they already know how to do well in the life could not make any creating thinking and idea and could not reach any good chance to go up more higher status of their positoin or money and more exciting . the decision and carefull thinking and consideration for feasibility and risk taking analysis to do new thing will be crucial . and people always age and grow overtime , then people must reflect something new into their life , otherwise they get bored and get easily tired of it , then get sometimes mentally problem . in my experience and background , my major wa basically in litrature . and i wa office assistant in a company at first instance after the college . later , i challenged the new job position , finance and accounting aiming for us . cpa , then i broke through this change and my business and work completely changed . i took a risk if i could achieve the professional qualfication , such a us . cpa . because i had no background of this major and enough experinece . i had to spend tone of time to study to pas it , simultaneously , i worked hard a a new position which i did not have enough experience . then , my career development and good promotion happend after couple of year hard working and passing the exam . i believe that people sometimes should take a risk . in another my experience , i married with american man which mean i had to immigrated into the u.s quiting my successful job in japan leaving my life in japan and family and friend . this decision and judgement were not easy if i should be able to be happy and successful in my life . however , i am currently happy in my new life knowing new thing , new people , new country , new culture . i believe that these thing will make me also grow that will lead also successful in the future . in conclusion , the life should sometimes be excited and explore new thing rather than doing what they already know how to do well . your life can be meaningful if you try to new thing and take risk . by growing and aging , people need to grow knowing new thing in their life which mean you would have to take some smaller or bigger risk .