today , the major mean for transportation is automobile . especially in europe and america , a family may own up to 4 car for a household of four people . when added together , it make a whole lot of car out there . but the main reason behind this is that owning a car is the most convenient way to get around , and since it is private property , you can use it anytime you want . i believe that the number of car may decrease in twenty year ' time for some reason . the first reason is more like sci-fi . as we are introduced to a new technology everyday , it is plausible enough to dream of a different mean of transportation a convenient and private a a car , such a private helicopter . i have to admit twenty year may not be long enough for scientist to invent small enough helicopter that would fit the roof of suburban house . but a i said , it is plausible , at least to me . the more solid reason why i believe that there will be fewer car in near future concern ecological , demographic and environmental issue . it is already obvious that the world is becoming over-populated , especially at city center . at such place , the traffic is jammed more than anywhere else . dangerous gas that car produce not only pollute the air , they also affect the course of climate , changing . they also harm the health of people . it could be argued that we can get rid of the pollution by using fuel other than gas , but the problem of traffic would still remain , hence it would not be a complete solution . concerned scientist and engineer are already thinking about way to lessen the number of car . one good way to do that is to establish better mean of public transportation : wide enough to reach anywhere a person may want to go at all hour of the day . such a solution would avoid traffic jam and cause le air pollution . with a good public transportation , especially if it cost cheaper than gas , people would be encouraged to use it instead of car . hence , the number of car would decrease in near future . i believe this change will take place in near future and we will hopefully see le car on the road .