i agree that it is important for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . ideas and concepts are quality which are inbuilt in one mind but everyone do n't know the better use of it . once the student understands how to frame idea and how to understand a particular concept he is dealing with than it will help him easy to get his other work done . on the other hand learning fact is something which the student is going to learn because fact are fact and it wo n't get changed with time . but here it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather to learn fact . this can be best illustrated with an example . let u take it for granted that operating a computer or i can say computer knowledge ha become a compulsion in today competitive world . but to operate computer is not an easy job . to operate it one should undergo proper coaching regarding the structure & system in computer . this is only possible if one ha access to understand the concept regarding various computer programme . once the student learn the concept to create his own idea and thus use the computer programme in a better way . to run a programme is not a fact but it is to be understood with various concept to be cleared and than to introduce the idea . knowledge is gods gift to all but only few know the better use of it . for student it is very easy to create new idea in their mind but until and unless they understand the proper concept behind the idea it is useless . this can not be learnt by learning fact . it becomes important for an individual to plan , understand ant than onlt to implement an idea if and only if the concept are clear . but the fact will only lead to what wa going on in tha past . facts are important but at time they hinder the growth and development by blocking new idea . once the idea and concept are cleared in one 's mind than it becomes very easy for a person to learn fact . on the contrary it prof to be a blessing for the individual because he may create a new marvelous product or design using the fact ant than modifying with new idea and concept . facts come from history and will remain till future but new idea in present will improve one 's future if implemented through studied concept and visionary idea . thus once again i will say to support the point that it is more importaant for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact .