cars are one of the modern transportation nowadays , which are commonly used by everyone . cars can make our life easier by saving our time and energy . as car are getting more and more commonly used , the energy needed for the car is getting lesser and lesser . as in result , energy crisis occurs , and which becomes one of the most important daily issue to u . i believe in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today , because of the scarcity of energy , and the innovation of technology . it is obvious that there are more and more car on the street nowadays . but ha anyone awares the huge lost of energy ? probably not . cars will not work without gasoline . as more and more gasoline is purchased , it becomes more scarced . in economics view , when a good or service is getting scarced , the price of the individual good or service will increase . that is what 's happening to the gasoline nowadays . as the price of gasoline rise , the living expense also increase . in the end , people will not use car a common a we do now . and this is because of the scarcity of energy needed for the car . when the situation of scarcity of the the energy is happening , people tend to find many way to solve this problem . the innovation of transportation might be the solution to this problem . scientists who work on energy developement might create new energy instead of the traditional energy , gasoline . with the help of these scientist , the solution will either be having new form of energy , or new form of car that consume le gasoline . therefore , traditional car will no longer be used in twenty year . in conclusion , the scarcity of energy and the innovation of technology can reduce the number of car in the next twenty year . scarcity of energy lead to the rise of living expense , which will finally force people not to use car a much a they do now . the innovation of technology will help developing new form of energy that will not be used by car , and new tool of transportation other than car . therefore , i believe there will be fewer car in use than there are today in the next twenty year .