this is not completely true . indeed , i think that the success is reacheble by the both way . some people build emperor doing the same thing all life long , quite a a south-italian farmer emigrated to canada after the world war ii . in italy he wa a well known mozzarella producer , and once he estabilished himself in canada he began the same activity , with the same method , day after day , and now he is one of the most rich man of the country , exporting his famous mozzarella throughout north america . maybe nowadays in a such competitive market this kind of experience ha become rare , because of the globalization involving all the 5 continent that cause the rise of new competitor everywhere and because of the growth of the multinational company with uncountible capital . what insetad is real , in this statement ' is that in our own life , fossilize ourselves is a practise to avoy . a new idea , a different vision of life , market , and so on , can cause a sudden success into our work place , family , group of friend or even into our school , and is important to elevate ourselves from the regular level of people in order to hang a better position into this selective society where almost everyone ha the possibility to study , to find a job , to be competitive in a single word . a clear example of this situation is the advertising world . how can i convince people to buy my product ? how can i make them understand that my product is better than others ? with ad obviously , but we are surrounded by ad ! in the street , on television , on the radio , on newspaper , on the web , during sport event , everywhere basically , and a a consequence of this , people is no more pay attention to ad . so an advertiser must find something new , something that attract the attention of the crowd , and so he ha to take risk , to innovate his approach . who stand on his position too long , will fail for sure . so in conclusion i think that the sentence of the topic fit most of the aspect of our society , but is not to take a a law .