the process of learning change through the education of everybody . at the beginning , at kindergarden , you just learn process and how you can manage certain task , like cutting out or painting a nice , cute picture . later in pre-school and junior-high you have to learn fact to get a basic knowledge in all part , which are important in life and are of interest for your later developement . but the latest in high school , under ideal condition , everybody should n't just learn fact and figure . just stuying number and note give you the opportunity to have an answere ready to each question but that doe n't mean you are able to explain what you have studied neither can you transfer your fact and figure to other interesting field . i totally agree with the statement , that idea and concept are much more important . they make you able to generalize what you know and learn interdisciplinary . an example would be , if you know about the political system of europe and can contrast it with other political system and have really understood the concept you can easyly judge the monedary politics of country and why money and law can make a difference . this just by adding your knowledge of math and governmental study with your knowledge of law . with just knowing fact about the political system and not having understood the process , this combination and explaination would not be easy to make . besides , by not just studying fact , you will be able to adapt what you know much more easier to field and area you have n't heard of . i think , especially in college , this is really important . it help you connect everything you see and learn and give you the abillity to take part in complex discussion . from my own experince , i know that this overall problem is disscussed controvercial . although some people might think is make more sense , having all the fact about a topic ready , i prefer being able to explain everything in my own word , because i have understood what i am talking about . this usually go to show if somebody asks me to explain something he ha n't understood . if i ca n't put it in my own word , me too , do n't really have a clue of what i have studied . of course , it take a lot more time and passion to read about a topic , but you can say you got the whole idea behind it and i strongly believe it 's worth it . by doing so , i also keept that knowledge for a much longer time than the knowledge i have from learning fact . this mean that i usually ferget those after taking the test i have learned them for . versus the understanding i have from figuring out a topic by trying to get the idea and concept behind it . this topic i usually keep for a long long time . all in all , the decision to just learn fact or the whole concept ha to be made by every individual because it is also a matter of learning habit . i have decided and a rather study idea than fact .