whenever i think of successful men , these two person always hang around my mind , thomas eddison and christopher columbus . even though they lived in quite different era , they always get me thining about the issue that what make them such a successful and great person thoughout the world and in the history ? evidently , i believe that trying new thing and taking risk are the main factor of that . this is reason why i agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . if columbus sticked at operating his small ship along the local coast , it go without saying that he could never show the new land to u . when everybody wa satisfied at their daily life , he wanted new thing with new vision persuing new wish and hope . as we can see , his wish , keeping pluging away to seek `` new thing '' wa so anxious that he could overcome many hassle and obstacle during the voyage . although he met so many danger , such a disease , protest of other crew and laughing and critic by the public , he succeeded in casting same vision and hope with him to others and opponent and also convinced them to try new thing along with him . and how risky wa eddison 's activity ? he seemed even silly and insain to others at that time . sometimes he acted the man who did n't know what is the risk and danger a if he wa a callow youth and child . all for his wish to try new thing ! i believe that he probably knew about the risk in advance when he came close to explode the train for the experiment . but he wa brave , check that , knew that it wa needed and essectial for the success which he really and anxiously wanted . other 's critic are also another risk for man who want success . eddison wa not foolish enough not to know the laughing when he took egges for observing the hatching . but a everybody know , he did . i think that if they wanted to do what they already know how to do well , eddison would become a usual clerk at the grocery store and columbus should be