`` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' and i completely agree with this statement . life is a mixture of experinces and we pass through this way of life only once . wht ever we have to do we have to it now , in this short timeof our life here . young people certainly have more enthusiasm , energy , zeal and interest to learn , explore and face the adventure that life gives them . young minds are fresh and unexperienced and have loads of challenges and obstacles that they have to handle where as older people have lots of maturity in life and have already lived and face such challenges . so youngsters have more prospects of experiencing life and enjoying it to the most . i would like to cite an example for the above , taking into picture a person who is going to be a father for the first time . the amount of excitement he would show would be much greater than the person who must have already had three children and expecting one more . young people have an advantage over the drooping older ones in terms of their physical energy and stamina . thus , they enjoy life to a greater extent when compared to older people . for example , a young boy may enjoy playing , doing excercise lifting heavy weights . whereas an old man can not enjoy lifting weights and running around due to his physical weakness . young people always have something new to experience . hence it can be stated that they enjoy life more . but taking an other aspect where older people still have younger minds , they do hold experience at hand but enjoy life guiding young ones and correcting them . they enjoy life with an optimistic attitude that nothing is impossible in life and everything can be achieved with a determination . the younger people have an advantage of a stronger memory over older ones . as life passes the memory wearies off and older people loose the capacity of deriving the joy that life potrays to them . hence i would restate my agrrement supporting that yougsters enjoy life to the maximum considering their physical and mental stability and budding minds .