i strongly believe that in twenty year , there will not be fewer car in use than there are today . i will present an economic argument and current trend in automotive development to support my belief . i think what the statement is alluding to is the fact that oil is becoming ever more scarce . after all , we can not run our car without the right fuel . let 's consider this situation from an economic perspective . the theory of supply and demand will show that with an increase in price of oil , the demand for car will decrease , since the two are complimentary good . intuitively , we know from our every day experience that we tend to consume le of a good if the price go up . however , our dependency on car is so great that despite rising price , our demand will continue to increase . for instance , imagine a world where you have no access to car . traveling would become a nightmare . not only that , our economy will suffer from the slow movement of good and the factor of produciton . due to such unforgiving circumstance , firm , consumer , politician and dictator alike would choose to pay the higher price rather than suffer the economic consequence . considering the world 's present economic development , with the emerging economy of china and india , it is likely that the demand for car would increase in the future , since more people will have the income to be able to purchase car . secondly , there is no significant progress in developing suitable alternative to car . research in this area ha been going on for a long time and remains to be active . however , current proposal of harnessing the power of atomic fusion and hydrogen fuel are not likely to be accepted , due to the danger involved . instead , i think we are heading in the direction of trying to improve the efficiency of car . for example , we are developing hybrid car , which run on a combination of electricity and oil , which are about twice more efficient than the conventional car we drive today . my current knowledge of economics and common sense dictate that the number of car will actually increase in the next twenty year .