i completely agree with the statement because what i personally believe is that in order to succeed , one ha to keep on trying new thing , explore the maximum one can in his/her domain and take measured risk . doing what one already know certainly doe not make the person successfull at all . if a person keep on doing what he or she already know , a time come when that person becomes bored and frustrated and call for a change . moreover if he or she get used to it , then they might have problem in migration . exploring new avenue is really the best way to succeed a this is the only way a person can compare the statistic of what he or she is doing over time with what ha been done now . furthurmore , trying out new thing help in building up thing and keeping the spirit and energy level high a at each moment you are watching something new happening at your end . would like to mention about late kalpana chawla , an artronaut , who used to work with nasa . she is an inspiration for the people who want to succeed in life . she wa one of the crew member onboard columbia which crashed a couple of year back . the crew wa supposed to perform 38 predetermined experiment , kalpana wa the only one onboared who took the initiative of performing some more research in biologocal environment , genetics , etc. and even after her death her work ha been appreaciated . bill gates , i 'm sure that everyone know him . he had a tendency to try out new thing what others might not even think of . his business involved so much of risk that a couple of big failure might have led him nowhere . but still he kept going and today according to me he is the most successful person just because he tried out new thing in his life and also he is probably the person who ha had an enormous risk taking capacity . even if you fail while taking risk , you still would learn something new that would help you in developing an instinct that wouls be very helpful for you to be on the top of the world . just keep your spirit high .