i agree with this statemet because , generally , and even if certain old person largely enjoy their life , young people are more likely to enjoy their life for many reason . first of all , older person often have disability or illness . when they begin to grow older , people 's body begin to be le and le effective , they may loose some reflex or their mind for example . they may also have heart disease and be afraid to do some thing . usually , they do le and le thing . however , young people will have a more effective body , they are at their optimal age and are most of the time able to do sportive activity , to dance , to go to bed later . .. they are able to do some thing that older people can not do . most young people also enjoy life more than older person because they think they still have a long life to live , and they prefer living their life a best a they can and doing the craziest thing while they are young and still able to do them , and also crazy enough to do them . when people grow older , they know their life may be ending soon , and they often think that they have lived enough thing in their life to die peacefully and happily . moreover , people often do le crazy thing when they grow older because they often have more responsabilities . they may have a family , child or grandchild that younger people do not have , and they do not want their family to loose them , so they live a quieter and a more peaceful life , and thus sometimes enjoy le their life than younger people . but i also think that some people may enjoy a quiet life , but some people may like to do crazy thing , even at an old age . i think that some people who like to live a quiet life may still enjoy their life when they are older while those who like to live a le quieter life but who are obliged to do so because of disease or illness must not enjoy their life very much . some young people may also not enjoy their life . in a conclusion , i think that young people often enjoy more their life than older people , but i aalso think that old and young people can both enjoy or not enjoy their life . i think it is a question of character and personality .