`` taking risk and gainig success is a combination which connot be split , because one thing is the reason for the other one '' . this wa nearly the first setence i heard by my professor of economics . now , approximately 18 month after i heard this statement , i am discussing the advantage and disadvantage of people who take risk and the effect this ha on their success . i reckon that , a it can be observed in the global economy , business just seems to work by taking risk . therefore people like manager , who are involved in deciding-processes , are responsible for their decision . in some case they can be wrong , but in others , they are right and for being right they ear honour , apart from the money they get , which make them successful even in another direction . if there were no people taking these risk , our whole economy would not be so developed a it is , because without vision of people and their risk to put them into action , many of u would not have a job for instance . additionally , i think that it is routine that make people sick of the life they live . people who always do the same thing for year are often unsatisfied with their life . i would truly recommend those people to live their dream and to go for their goal , because everybody ha vision and target , which are worth to be fought for . however , in my opinion , every change is connected with a certain risk . consequently everyone should balance if a new beginnig would lead to a better state of satisfaction . it appears to me that successful people nearly all share one common character trait : their self-confidence . self-confidence is absolutely a most for being successful because there are always hard situation and some people who do not make life easier for someone , who is progress of changing something . finally it want to support my argument by citing my own philosophy of life : `` by taking risk , connected with a bit of luck , people can built a bridge from all the stone they get thrown on their track to success and satisfaction . ''