facing challenge are a sure way to become successful . in the age of information and technology , many coporations take risk to win over the competition against other company . staying conventional and not inventing creative method would be more likely to result in failure . likewise , the indivudual success is similar because challenge allow one to expand new opportunity and receive lesson from the experience . it is extremely rare for people to become successful without challenge in their life . in order to be know a variety of option to successful , trying new thing is indispensible for succesful people . most of the time , challenge may often contain possible risk of failure due to the unfamiliarity or mistake . that is why in many society there are a certain number of the rich and the poor . those who are fear of new change would more likely end up doing the same thing day by day , not having any chance of finding out new option to become successful . my family went to las vagas and played casino . my father who wa willing to risk his money wa able to enjoy a casino game . eventually , he got 3 time a much money a he orginally had . likewise , although there are some risk , it is common way to become successful experiences from challenge quicken the path of success . people who try for new challenge often make mistake ; a a result , they may fail . however failing for the first time doe n't mean failure for the rest of his try-outs . each time one fails , he may learn a valuable lesson a to what not to do . also failing sometimes come with a strong emotion that it definitely emphasizes a lesson by remorsing over and over . a friend that i know also risk his life trying to copy a homework from someone else . unfortunately , he wa caught by teacher and got an f. after that , he did n't dare to copy another person 's homework . if his luck turn out good and succeed in doing so , he would get a satisfying score and would continue to copy . however , my friend learned a valuable lesson a to what not to do . chanllenges are neccessary to survive in this world . the characteristic of challenge are benefitial in that it allows individual to find out a new path to go for success and gain valuable lesson from experience . challenge facilitates one from a road to success .