i agree that in the coming year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . with advancing technology and with more complex machine being developed , people are slowly realising the harm that this development is causing u . with the information technology boom today , outsourcing and communication ha become so much more easier than before . gone are the day of the good old letter , it the era of electronic mail . all these sophisticated gadget and machine are a double edged sword , with both their positive and negative point . people prefer to travel in car , train and bus rather than walking . this ha given u a lot of health problem . children prefer playing on video game rather than outside with friend and so we see the problem of obesity becoming very common among adolscents . thus , modernization ha had a great deal of impact on our health . i think , twenty year from now people will become more health conscious and so will strive to maintain a healthy environment and a healthy life . so , there will be fewer car on the road and more people on the road . another important reason , why there will be fewer car on the road is that , population explosion will be a major problem in many country . in twenty year , the earth is going to have very little place to accomodate all of u and hence will be teeming with human . so , there wont be any place for u to drive our car that time . contemplating these problem in the future , using advancing technology , man will definately come up with newer design of car and other vehicle , which will not be required to be driven on road . man will stretch his imagination and may come up with flying car to tackle these problem . flying car and car that move vertically on building may not seem so uncommon twenty year in the future , thus , twenty year in the future we will be seeing a change in the attitude of the people , who will have a mixture of the the psyche of the people of the past and also a contemporay way of thinking . thus , for different reason , be it for health purpose or a a sign of advancing technology , we will definately see fewer car in use than there are today .