people , especially those who would like to make a succees in their life , discus about whether they always try to find new thing and get the risk or just still staying what they already have a knowledge to make a better life . i strongly believe that those who succeed in their life must take a risk and try to get new thing because in the age of information , the spirit of exploitation and pioneer is necessary and stability mean bake to the era . firtly , successful people always have a good spirit of fronteer to exploit their life . for example , the samsung company which is specialized in electronic field such a tv , computer and semiconduct product worldwidely ha been researched new market and toe-notched product at everymoment a a result , it ha been able to get a great reputation in the world market and people . if the company still enjoyed the stability , today 's successful story would not be existed . further more , the company which exploit the well of crude oil always try to fine a new resource with investing agreat amount of money with huge risk . for these effort , it deserved to get much reputation and accumulate the fortune . secondly , stability of today 's life mean back to the past in this capitalism . everyday , new information is revealed to the public and every individual must have a radar to catch it . for example , the auto maker company try to new desing to meet the customer ' need in the market , however the do not mke an effort to make a new design of car , the company will lose the people 's consumption . by doing so , new investment and new design should be tried to keep the reputation and successful story . in addition , if a member of computer program company ha knowledge old version , he will be lose his job and even previous skill . for these reason , i strongly believe that people want be successful life , they must have a sense of challenge and must realize the stability of today 's life will ruin them in the modern society . in order to succeed , we should review the international successfully company ' st .