it ha been argued that it is better to gain wider knowledge of numerous academic subject rather than to deeply research one specific subject . i disagree with this idea because specializing one particular subject brings several advantage for the following reason . first , since technology is really advanced nowadays , professinals , who have deep knowledge of one subject , are more required than generalist who have broader knowledge . for instance , my uncle work in micro soft . he told me that when he started working in the company , there were many employee who had vast general knowledge . however , since computer technology ha been developed dramatically , the company only hire specialist these day because more sophisticated programmer are essential in order to advance it technology . this tendency explains that it is better to focus on a specific subject than to have broad knowledge of wider subject . second , a technology is sophisticated , specialized knowledge is mandatory to protect it a well . for example , pc security and computer hacker are one of good example . my uncle ha been assigned in a computer security division in micro soft . there are 20 core member in his division , who all have phd , including my uncle . hackers do like computer and they study computer program very deeply . thus , the security division must hire people who are very specialized to fight the hacker . this example also represents that it is better to gain a specialized knowledge than broader knowledge of many academic topic . lastly , specialized knowledge brings higher income . for instance , my uncle receives much higher salary than his long time friend who are a sale representative in micro soft . his friend studied various subject in his school age and actually regret that he should have focused on a particular subject . in summary , although some people insist that it is better to develop broad knowledge of many academic subject than to focus on a particular subject , i disagree with this idea . this is because the latest sophisticated technology requires specialist in a particular subject to develop and protect it . specialized knowledge also brings higher income .