life is a rollercoaster ride experience , which ha it ups and down , it high peak and slow curve or fall , which mean that each stage of this ride carry with it valuable experience , each which we have to live at a specific time and period . i believe both young and older people enjoy life equally the same , the only thing different is that they find themselves in different stage of their ride . one in which there are franctic curve twist and turn , and the other in the calm and soothing final stage of their ride . older people have already experience what wa like to be young and wild , to have fallen in love or have their heart 's been broken , while the young are those willing learner wanting to experience life at it fullest , simply because it is their time to wild , being allowed by their young body to do so . meanwhile older people have already experienced everything they could in their younger year for which they now have a time to reflect and realize that there is no hurry in life , that one a a youngster wish for everything to happen fast . which is why nature is wise in giving u that stage in life where we are able to reflect on our past mistake and give u a final opportunity to mend them . therefore getting old is a way of saying that we have to mature , which wisely enough come hand in hand with our physical trait . both of these stage in life offer thing which the other doe n't , one wisdom which a life experience ha taught you , and the other the inmense curiosity and uncertainty . therefore both of this stage in life have it charm , which appeal differently when being in a certain age . therefore while older people rejoice in the comforting feeling of having accomplished their goal , the young search for their own . however the mere fact of beign old or young doe not mean one can can or can not have an active and wild spirit , being that some young people have what is popularly known a an old soul , being this a way to describe their mature attitute towards the world , whereas older people may still have this child like spirit . a perfect example of this is my grandfather , who despite the fact of being 76 year old is a very active man , who still love to play with his grandchild and will continue to . in conclsuion i do not belive that younger people enjoy life better than older people , it is simply that they are in two different stage in their life , which therefore mean that they both have a different way of appreciating and embracing each and every life 's experience a it present itself .