it is often being said that older people do n't take advantage of life a much a we , youngster , do . well , you can not deny that , when you reach a certain age , you can no longer do thing you used to do when you were in your sweet sixteen . as a matter of fact , i am quite sure every single person ha , at least once in his or her life , already heard an old person say bitterly : `` oh , what i would n't do if i were your age ! '' is that to mean that life is n't worth living when growing old ? i shall refute this statement , by showing that older people enjoy life in a different manner , compared to youngster . firstly , i have to say that , when you are growing older and when your health is getting worse , it is very understandable that you are no longer attracted by doing the `` crazy thing '' young people are nowadays so keen on , you were maybe used to do when you were young . enjoying life is not only about going to discotheque every night , experimenting new thing such a taking drogue and so on and so forth . it is true that enjoying life doe n't only rely on extreme activity , and one should n't understimate the fact that old people may be not able to do the simplest thing , such a going for a ride on a bike , and they may be suffering from this . yet , i think that older people do n't enjoy their life the same way the youngster do , they just enjoy it differently . that is why i do n't think that older people are not bound to live with their memory and it is a mistake to think that they are not able to enjoy life . when you reach a certain age , you get to appreciate other thing , such a tranquillity , family , all the thingsthings that you were n't able to take fully advantage of when you were young , mainly because of your job being too demanding and to time-taking . as a result , all depends on the definition you make out of the expression `` enjoying life '' . if you define it a enjoying the most crazy thing of life , then , no , the elderly doe n't enjoy life . but if you define it a taking profit of each of the rapture life can give , then , yes , the age is not an obstacle .