there is a common saying in the present society that the modern world is the world belonging to the young and a a result young people enjoy life more than older people do . it is just partly right . when it come to thinking about the statment deeply , i consider the life of older peole much better , for the simple reason that only the life they are leading live up to the discription a peaceful , joyful and hamonious . initially , they are really living a peaceful life . in their late period of life , the old no longer shoulder the burden of earning money and fighting for survive . they can choose to get far away from the center of the city where they have spent most of their life and turn to the contryside , where air is more fresher , water is much cleaner and sky is blue instead of gray . and they can live with a lot of pet with just a little investment and be completely fused into the nature , because their life is totally without disturbance . for example , an old man can have a pet like a bird , go to the park for a walk every morning and spend most of the day with hsi peer friend . another equally important point is that their life is quite joyful . they used to be prisoner of work and life , but now they are free and become the master of life . they can do everything they wished . therefore , a mass of hobby devloped and a lot dream created when they are young can be downright enjoyed and fullfilled now . taking travling all around the world a an example , a young man may found time , money and energy -- a mass of problem ---- to do so , while all that will be neglected by an older and just with an reasonable plan , the dream is that easy to be realized . what is more , they live in complete happiness and harmony . old people get the most profit and enjoyment from a big family because the young can not experience the feeling of looking at their offspring ' growth and share their offspings ' success . if you are still a youth , you will not now how happy an older people when he or she received a care or bless from his or her child ---- something that nothing can compare . admittedly , the young do have their advantage . they may have passion , enthusiasim and a mass of energy that the old do not poccess . however , in view with all the merit of the older people 's life , i really have my envy for their life which is that peaceful , joyful and full of happiness and harmony and a a result , i will no longer being afraid of growing old .