swamped with commercial and advertisments in our daily life , one might wonder whether a product 's quality really correspond to the one being put forward by the ad or promotion . although legally , company can be held responsible for false advertisment , i believe that most of the sale and marketing campaign for product do not reflect the real character of the product in question . first of all , the praised outcome of for instance cleaning product , can be questioned , a they deem to be very little effective for the actual purpose . spot removal product are particularly known for this . although tv commercial highly recommend their use , real-life result tend to be rather frustrating . an ink spot or tomato sauce stain on your favorite yellow summer dress resists despite your desperate attempt of removing it with the highly suggested product . unfortunately , one can not blame the company , a the small print on the product usually allows for many loophole regarding the interpretation of a product 's effectiveness . furthermore , ad-campaigns , especially on tv or in the movie theatre , incite the viewer to step into a dreamland and do not reflect reality . by presenting a product , such a a sports utility vehicule ( suv ) , a indestructable , indefeatable and magnificant , it may trigger hidden desire in potential customer . yet , it is not important whether the product will be able to fulfill all the advertised quality . in other word , the consumer , who will end up purchasing the item , will most likely not need all the function ( e.g. four-wheeling ) if the suv is being used in an urban setting only . nonetheless , it is important for the sake of the customer to maintain that dream alive . another argument , which support my hypothesis is related to weight-watching product . it might be true that a person is able to lose a great amount of weight within the promoted time frame ; however , this is rather a transient result . in fact , most of the time , customer who tried such product before , have found themselves with twice the weight they had before . thus , the ad wa only meant to effect short-term outcome , rather than long-term related result . in sum , the problem which advertisement are facing is a `` catch 22 '' . while they need to promote and even enhance the quality and capacity of a product in order to incite consumer to buy it , they tend to exaggerate and paint an inaccurate picture of it real skill , which can lead to frustrating consumer experience .