somebody might say , that a people grow richer , more people can afford car , while others might argue , that a fossil fuel grow scarce , people will abondan car for more energy saving mean of transport such a bus and train . in this topic i will represent both of these opinion , and give my personal opinion on it , too . when the car wa invented , in the late 19th century , no one would have expected this invention to become a big a it is now . a long time after the invention had been done , only the very rich could afford a car , and the advantage of having one were very limited . there were not enough paved road , the car were slow and unreliable , and there were plenty of other form of transportation around , that seemed a lot more promising for the future . however , due to mass production the price for car dwindled , highway got built and thanks to the world wide economic recovery in the fifty and sixty most people in the industrialized world were able to purchase motor vehicle . while the market for car in the developed world might have been saturated year ago , third world country have been able to increase the number of car in use there dramatically over the last decade or so . and a many of these country seem to boom at an insane pace , who know just how many car will circulate on this planet in 20 year time . it might seem like there is no limit to it . however , i personally do not agree with that . this is mainly due to two current development that have been taken place for quite a while now : the energy source , that most car run on is gas . however oil reserve are being used up and some expert claim that within some decade from now , all of the earth 's oil will have been depleted . so unless a new way of making car run is discovered , fewer and fewer car will be able to run . the other development , unfavorable to a gro is global warming : people all over the globe have realized , that co2 emission caused by car ( and many other thing a factory , powerplants and so on ) is damaging the ozon layer , which is needed to keep the earth 's temperature stable . by using public transportation instead of one 's personal vehicle a lot of these co2 emission could be reduced . it might also be possible that government , will interfere puting a quota on how much each person can drive his car . so my personal opinion is that car will be le used by the year 2026 than now . if , however , alternative power source for car like hydrogen or solar energy , became cheaper , i personally can not tell whether more or le car will be in use in 20 year time .