the most important thing in the life must be the success i think . i always believe that if i have a job assigned to me , i have to do the best . this is not only about my reputation but also my company 's reputation too . i want to give a personal example , i have a senior project to finish until may , and i am the project manager of this project . there are three other member of our team . when this duty first assigned to u we were suprised because developing a new software is not easy and in addition to that we exactly know nothing about our subject . our supervisor say : `` i believe in each of you but the project is really hard , do not be upset , work hard you can handle with it . '' first thing we could do a a team is to divide the project into group and discus which one of u have handle with the subgroup . i choose the subject i exactly do n't know what it is and what i should do . after that , i went to a software company and talk with the manager to help me about my research and become our sponsor . i also added that when the project finish he can use it legally and he ha the patent of the project . he say that he doe not want to join u because if he take that risk and if we do not success his reputation will get hurt . after that i went to the company which i wa having my internship there last year and my manager told me that he and the company want to supervise and support our project . he take a huge risk because we are not graduated from school and we do n't have enough experience to finish the project . now , we almost finish the project , there is only some test left . the project is very successful until now . our project ha unique property and will be the base for other project in the software industry . my manager told me that they are going to buy the project after it is legally approved by patent instution and he also added that we did a good job . he ha some question in his mind and not sure from u at the beginning . but he is happy and he is proud of u now . this statement is absolutely true successful people are not afraid of to try new thing and take risk . if people only do what they already know how to do well there is absolutely no progress in anywhere .