in my hometown today , it would be difficult to get home timely after work , since the traffic is so horrible that there is no day without a traffic jam . the over amount of car today should take a big response to the most traffic problem . however , i do agree with the statement that hte car number would decrease great in the next twenty year , for the following reason . first , the sense of enviroment protection is growing more popular today . we can see a lot of slogan and programme on tv about the environment protection . besides the way of broadcasting , many other way are emloyed to get this idea into the mind of people . for exmaple , in the last month , my community ha held a competition in the knowledge of way how to protect enviroment . a majority of people in my community took part in this competion , from which we not only have learned a lot of knowledge , but also carried a nition to make le polution to our mother land and river . one demonstrated evidence of this claim is that i began to notice how the car would do ill to the atmosphere , and started to recommend my friend to buy car with le oil consuming and le gas exhaut . in the next twenty year , i believe that most people would take a stong opinion against the car driving , especially against car with big oil consming amount , so they would prefer to take other vehicle instead of car . second , with the development of technology and with the bigger budget in the traffic , i hold the opinion confidently that that public traffic would be improved in a great extend . for example , the light railcar which is now available in the big city , such a shanghai and beijing would be available to most citizen in city of china . according to my own experience , it is much conveniene and faster than any other traffic vehicle when travelling in the center of city , including car . adding with the point that it can carry a huge number of people , light railcar would certainly be a good replacement to car . besides , with an eye to the rapid innovation in every aspect of life , there is great possibility that a new kind of vehicle would be produced . in conclusion , although now in many place , the number of car are still increasing in a fast pace , i hold fast to my position that the number of car would diminished considederably in the next twenty year , with the increase of civility and technology method .