i fully agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . in my mind advertisement is just the invention of some smart business manager who wanted to increase the money they make through the selling of their product . of course advertisement is also a possibility for a company to present their product to a wide range of people through television . but i am of the opinion that , if they would tell the truth about their product le people would buy it . they have to make people believe that their product is the best product that they could buy , and that it would improve their life . i think especially product such a washing powder seem much better in the advertisement than they really are . do we not all know the advertisement about the `` new incredible washing powder '' that is able to clean all our clothes and make them look brand new ? there are so many of the advertisement that claim that they have found the solution for our daily problem . honestly , i have to say that none of these product ever worked a good a it should work . it is a well-known fact , that most of the people believe in the advertisement . the company use the belief of the people that it is not allowed to lie . everybody know from his parent that it is not polite to lie and so the people think that the advertisement can not be wrong . i also noticed that the people who produce these clip use the lack of knowledge of the people . in germany there is a clip for yoghurt with sugar from fruit . for the people who do not know about fruit sugar , this yoghurt seems much healthier than a normal yoghurt doe . a lot of parent want to give their child something healthy and therefore they buy this kind of yoghurt . if my mother ha n't told me that fruit sugar is almost a unhealthy a normal sugar , i would also have believed that this product is much better . especially this information from my mother made me believe that most of the product seem better in the advertisement than they really are .