looking at the television , newspaper , book , or even our own environment , we can easily view successful people who live a valuable and meaningful life . some may argue they merely did what they already knew how to do well . however , two successful model , tyra banks and ki-man lee , contradict the idea . first , tyra banks took a new step to be a model when she could have just gone to the college she wa already accepted . when she wa only seventeen year old , tyra bank decided to take a new step : being a model . she immediatley go to paris in france and look for opportunity . however , it wa not easy a it sound . she lived in a small apartment , cramped with twenty other model , away from her family . everyday , in oder to get a job , she will go to twenty five agency a day , and will be on time for every single one of them . after all the hardship she went through , she finally had a contract with an agancy in paris and started to begin her career . of course , she continued to try her best at every situation , and finally became known to the public after seveal year . now , she is one of the most noted , admired , and respected model in the world . she is now viewed a a successfull model possessing intelligence and maturity . second , ki-man lee took a new step of being a model when he wa once a wrester who weighted 230 pound . as a young boy , ki-man lee always dreamed of being a model . but it wa only a dream for him , since he wa a professional wrester who wa far from having a model body . when he wa 27 year old , however , he decides to achieve his goal . at first , people derided him for even thinking about such a goal . but no one could stop him . by hard work , he lost 100 pound and fled to paris . like tyra banks , he visited numerous agency and wa eventually accepted . he then expanded his career to be a runway model in the most noted fashion runway . now , he is a famous and successful model in france , where people admire him for his determination and ambition . in short , tyra banks and ki-man lee transfered from doing what they already know ho to do , to attempting new thing . this enabled both of them to be successful and respected model . people are meant to be successful if they take risk and try new thing because they have the courage and determination to take a new step .