in the past , the educational system wa designed so that student would learn the `` truth '' . this mean they would have to learn by heart all the capital of the world and know all the important historical date perfectly . with this methodology , it wa common for a student to get hit in a classroom for not being able to do exactly what the teacher wanted . this concept of education is now day been reevaluated . the new way of teaching is much more productive . now the teacher try to make the student understand the idea behind the fact and not to repeat them like a parrot . for example , is doe not make sense for someone to know exactly on what day and what time did all the important battle in world war ii took place , but to understand the historical situation that led them to occur . also , the teacher instead of hitting the student for not knowing , he encourage him to speak his mind on every subject . that way the discussion on the classroom are a lot more productive . the new system is more useful , in the sense that the person learn how to understand idea , discuse them and take a position towards them . the student 's opinion is given a lot of importance and so he will learn to think on it own and not believe everything he is told . in the future , when the student face real life and will have to get a job , most information learned by heart will be unuseful . on the other hand , if he know how to handle difficult situation and ha an appropriate mental structure he will be able to do his job a lot better . this doe not mean that the student will not have to learn certain fact . every theory is , in some way , supported by fact and this should not be forgotten . personally i like the better system better . not only because this way is nicer attending to school , but beacuse it will help u prepare a lot better for life . although , a always , i think that we should not believe completely in a model or system , because there is not such thing a the perfect methodology . we should continue to learn and reevaluate our system whenever is necessary .