which is more impoprtant for student ? ideas and concept , or fact . it is a controversial issue that whether student should understand idea and concept or directly learn from experience . depending on personal experience , personality type and emotinal concern , different people may have different choice , because both side have their advantage and disadvantage . students may decide which way is better depending on what they are learning . ideas and concept are the base of any subject . first of all , they summarized the thoery of one subject which make learning deeply possible . for instance , if you study math , you have to learn the formula , law and rule first . without these idea and concept , you could not resolve any mathmatical problem . second , idea and concept make your study process more effective . in the progress of learning , you will know on what stage you are and what will be the next . third , ideal and concept can prove and examine what your studied . take the same example of studing math , after you resolve a problem , you may use the math law and formula to prove whether it is right or wrong . on the other hand , idea may be boring , not a interesting a the visual effect . and fact are more real and convincing factor for the student to understand and remember what they learned . let 's see the graduate student majoring in mba , they learned many business term and rule about competing , managemet and marketing , but they wll not really understand them unless they worked a a internship for a while in a company . so that , experience are the best illustration and these fact are hand on experience which will benefit you for the long time . from another view , sometimes the fact maybe not so typical to be a good statement of what you learned from concept . for example , you were in a small poor company le of regulation and culture . in general , understand idea and concept and learn fact , both have their advantage and disavantages , we can not say which one is more important if we contemplate all these factor . from my poin tof view , the best way of learning is combine these two method , because we can not get most effective result without any of them .