the world is made up different people , those who are risk taker and those who do only what they know or those who only do what they are told to do . but what make people successful in life ? is it the fact that some of them are willing to take risk or simply because others will only and simply go by what they are told or what they know . what are the characteristic of successful people ? someone who is successful inded is someone who is always willing to go beyong what he is being told to do . usually a risk taker will develop new idea , will find new strategy and new way to better explain a situation or an experiment . for example , a student who is willing to go further in an experiment in order to find a response to a question or a problem will more likely succeed than another student who doe not . the student who is willing to go another mile will probably find answer to the problem that he is encountering in an experiment . the risk taker usually succeed in life and in everything they do . i say usually because it is not always true in every case . a good example of a risk taker is someone is someone who will travel to an unknown country not knowing where exactly he or she wil be going . going to an unknown country is quite challending . the fact that you do not know the culture , the obstacle that you may encounter throughout your journey , make it a risk . however , it is a new environment , a new culture and the person will certainly learn from that experience . in any case whether it is good or bad , i believe there is always a lesson to learn from every experience . the person who take it upon him or her to learn a new language or live in an environment other than his or her original one will morelikely be successful because he or her would learn so much from that experience . rather a person who do not want to try anything new , will always be confined in the same environment and wo n't be subject to anything new . by taking risk you may develop new skill , that you never thought you had . but how would you know the strength and the quality that you have if you are not willing to give it a try . i definitely beleive that successful oeple are the one who are willing to take risk rather than only doing what they already know . being a risk taker is what teach you new thing , and make you develop new skill and aptitude that you were probably not aware of .