well , i have several reason to believe that the amont of car is even gonna increase . first reason for it 's how important car are for u nowadays . i think car have really got in our way if life , ( a tv did at it time or cell phone just did ) , modificating deeply transportation and the way human are moving , so i really wonder what could supply car . there are even family who have two or three ! i think the end of all this will be one car per person , maybe smallers , but increasing in amonts in the city , never decreasing . .. another fact that it 's really important to take into account is the price of car . new market , a the assian one , are offering good car with lower and lower price . to have a car is not anymore something that show luxure , every family can really have at least one , and if price keep going down , people are gonna bye more , and that once more mean more car in the future . policies are also important . it 's true that , some city have started to restrict the amont of car allowed to go by the city , but i do n't think they are enought nor good . there is not a real restrinction for car in city , and in my opinion , non mayor would forbid them seriously because people woul 'd vote him anymore , to forbid thing is never really wellcome . .. finally , i do n't thing the lack of fuel will be a problem . maybe , there will arrive a day where the fuel will be really expensive , right , but that 's not mean that there will be le car driving in ours city . i guess there will some other energy which will sustitute the fuel , so what will maybe change would be the way in which ours car are working , but not car themself . besides , all expert say ( if they are not lying ) , that there is still fuel enough for sixty year over . so in twenty year , car are gonna keep being the main way to move for human , and there will be even more , from my point of view . i would love to think the opposite ( because i do not like car at all ) , but i 'm rerally pesimist in this field .