young people enjoy life more than older people do ? . in my opinion i totally agree with this statement and there are many reason why . one of the reason is because i think young people have more free time for themselves to enjoy , go out with friend , go out to eat , movie , etc . sometimes we think that being a teenager is not easy and we think that the adulthood life is better , because we do n't have to go to school and memorize all the different stuff that we need to know for a test or even a simply quiz . young people enjoy most of the thing they do , and i say this because i am a teenager . i love to go to school because i know that even thought i am at school studuying , i know that i will se my friend and talk to them . i also love to go to the movie , eat , spend time with my family and specially go to church . young people have many fun activity to do . they have alot of free time to spend either at work , having fun or just at home watching tv . there are many thing that i ca n't even think of . most of the time young people get involve in youth group , school club where they do different fun stuff in order to not only have fun , but also learn something from what they are doing . i think adulthood is totally different because i dont think older people have fun a young people do . one of the reason is because older people are always working their butt off in order to give their family and kid all the thing they need . everyday of their life they are either working , or doing something about work or home . they barely have time for themselves because they are too busy doing other stuff . some people dont have time to see each at least one time a day because they are too busy doing other stuff . i think that everyone deserves a time to spend with friend and have fun because you are not always going to be working because sometimes you get too stressed that you get sick . in my opinion is very fun to spend some quality time with your family and friend once in a while , it doe n't matter if you are young or older , because i think everyone deserves some free and fun time .