it might be confusing at first , or might be obvious that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' , but i disagree on this matter . it can not be contradicted that youth is full of exitment , experiencing new thing and having a somewhat careless approach towards life because of the lack of responsibility , but in my view , it is once someone ha gone through all of this that they can finally enjoy life . one of the most important matter proving this point is all of the disapointments experienced during youth . at a young age , we all are convinced that everything is for the best . we have unrealistic dream , and exceedingly high expectation from everyone who surround u . we live in this euphoria , in a perfect world very much like the peaceful garden of eden . then , everyone go through the unevitable course of life where we are disapointed , fooled and put back on earth . it doe sound terrible but it is only a natural stage in life . we realize that our parent and sibling are not perfect , that our friend are not perfect . we experience our first harsh heartbreak . during adolescence we often live through an akward phase of discomfort with our own self and do not seem to accept the person we are . all of these stage are building block to make u into the person we end up being and accepting to be a an adult . the path we need to go through to find who we are is one of the reason why i do n't believe that young poeple enjoy life more than older people do . once we do arrive to the point of adulthood , which i have not personally reached but have observed through my parent and other adult around me , we finally accept who we are . we look back on event or poeple that suprised u , that disapointed u or that satisfied u in the past and realise that often those helped u become who we are or in some case are so insignificant . being an adult , once a person defines who they are and know who they are in their society , it is only then that they can really enjoy life . when we have been disapointed and have discovered everyone 's true color is when we are finally comfortable , and unless we feel comfortable we can not enjoy life and do everything we really want to do . every stage in life is a beautiful one , although it is sometimes hard , but to me adulthood is really the stage we enjoy .