the older the people , the more enjoyable the life some people believe that young people have a lot more to do with life than older people whereas some others think that it is the opposite . i guess a a young person i am in that second group thinking that older people enjoy life better than we young people do for a number of reason like having more free time , more consciousness about the value of the time concept and having better financial condition . people are born , grow a little and start school in a usual life cycle . after that beginning , they usually start working immediately after school and can not find the enough time for an enjoyable life . unfortunately , they find this time to live more enjoyably only after year and year , at the time they became old people . old people are usually retired people who have more spare time to live a they want . in addition to that , old people usually are wiser than the young people and a a consequence of their experinces and advanced opinion about the life , they know the importance of time concept and how valuable an effective time usage is . i believe that this would help them in thinking twice and having a more enjoyable life in a better-managed time period than young people can do . finally , since old people are usually retired people and have money from their pension fund or their own saving from their investment done in the previous year they would have a bigger chance the enjoy the life in that old age . at that point , i know that people not necessarily have a lot of money to live more enjoyably but money ha a considerable effect on well being and more money mean more opportunity to evaluate to have fun or to enjoyment in life . to sum up , all these reason make me believe that old people have more opportunity to live their life more enjoyably than younger people can achieve . more free time , more consciousness about time management and an amount of money that can easily spend on better opportunity of an enjoyable life rather than only survival would be good asset for a better taste in life .