the present topic can be well depicted in that broad knowledge can help u to grab our ability in various field that can help u to know better about different facet . the main thing about having knowledge in different field can help u to interrelate our opinion to the maximum extent . for example environmental sciences is an multidisciplinary branch of science in which different aspect like air , soil , and the aspect of water can be known . in addition the change that are occuring with in the total atmosphere can be well described or well known . in this branch ther can be great interrelationship between one another in many form or they can show a graet dependency on one another . like wise having knowledge in different academic subject can help u to react to the the situation that can happen in and around u . having specialition can be helpful in knowing the depth in that particular field but can not gain the knowledge all though the globe or all around in various field . one can never stick to a particular aspect in life like wise should never stick to aparticular field of study in the name of specialisation . wide range of knowledge can only help any individual to grow to the greater standars in life . the knowledge can never be stolen or bargained at time when needed and on the other hand can not gain knowledge at a shorter period so having a broad knowledge can definitely be the better of the thing when related to stick our knowledge in the name of specialisation in one specific subject . knowledge can be the source of wealth so having knowledge in different field of academic can definitely be the better source of wealth . knowledge in various academic can be broadly shared among different varities of individual . especially knowledge in differnt academic subject can also help for the better oppourtunities and also can quiet effective . so having knowledge in many academic subject can be more worthy than limiting oneself to a particular field of study . it is definitely a boon to have knowledge in many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject .