i agree with this statement . up to a certain point , i think academic education should be based much more on theory than on practice . there will be enough time to get acquainted to practice and more factual information later , especially during our professional life . this doe not exclude inductive approach to concept . starting from factual observation can be a very good way to understand complex concept , but the aim remains to give the student a knowledge of the theoretical tool , which must be the main objective since it is the most difficult . it is from such theoretical tool that a human being can develop his or her ability to go deeper into any specific subject . as part of a specific society , we all have a common historical and philosophical heritage which influence our way of thinking , sometimes without u even knowing it . to learn more about the concept and idea that others have brooded upon before u make our judgment firmer . it is only once we have mastered an idea that we can really reject it . moreover , practically speaking , it is much easier and faster to learn fact than to understand idea . thus it seems the perfect time for the student , while he is studying , to spend time on idea rather than on fact . the danger of course lie in losing connection with reality . but a soon a one go a little deeper in the history of idea , it becomes very difficult to be a genuine idealist . however , there is an advantage that could stem from the learning of fact - student could draw their own conclusion from those very fact , and be in a way more active than the student trying to understand concept with the help of teacher or author . but the thing is that this happens permanently and spontaneously in everyday life , whereas straining to understand a passage from hegel would not spontaneously be a man 's activity . starting from the concept create a virtuous circle between fact learning and concept understanding since when a student really get the core of a concept , he will naturally look for application of it .