during the past ten year when the whold world ha been experiencing tremendous variation in all respect , no one , more often than not , can be ignorant of such a phenomenon that whether young people or the older people are more enjoyable their life . apparently , different people hold diversified view due to their respective angle . the complex nature of the above topic requires u to consider it on a case-by-case basis . as far a i am concerned , which one ha the most noteworthy advantage depends on the specific circumstance . in the following analysis , i would like to reason and point out three conspicuous aspect favoring on my own consideration : nothing but the older people are happier with their life is necessarily put in the first place . first of all , there is an only too indispensable reason worth a great deal to support my inclination , which is not far to seek : old people become more and more aware of the living standard . my grandfather is a good case in point . he is eighty-one year old but he pay more attention to his life , and arrange different activity everyday , such a playing chess , walking and so forth . this case , undoubtedly , brings me a lot of inspiration in this respect : under this circumstance , it is obvious that older people are excited with their colorful life . in addition , another reason that can be presented to develop my propensity center on that older people are more satisfied with what they have . for this point , i can not stop but cite one of my favorite german philopers , arthur schopenhauer , ever mentioned : satisfication is medicine of a good life . on the contrary , the young people always complain life is not a good a they assumed . especially the young who just get into the society . we can build up an accurate picture of implication behind this situation . unequivocally , positive conclusion can be easily inferred from it to support my idear : satisfication contributes much to a good life . last but absolutely not least , one more perspective that bolster to meet my proclivity lie in the fact that the accelerate development of the society , which requires young people to world hard and can not affort enough time to enjoy their life . for he standpoint , i prefer to take full advantage of statistical tool to analyze it , probing what we learn the number . a recent survey by sina . com , the largest portal company of internet , indicates that the average number of young people have to spend more than eight hour doing their work ha risen by 87 % . as is known to all , `` no one can deny the truth behind the number . '' admittedly , it may be right young people enjoy their life . however , to some extent , this alone doe not constitute sufficient support to claim that young people are feel more happy than older people do . to recapitulate , taking into account all the dimension of the issue discussed in the aforementioned analysis , which sometimes correlate with each other to generate a comprehensive and thus more convincing conclusion , i safely draw the attention that not only can older people be aware of the life quality , but also they are more easily satisfied what they have . what is more , they have little sense of the fierce competition in the modern society . on on account can we ignore the importance of the old people .