the first car were created by german factory at the end of the 19th century . this invention encountered a real success and , consequently , from this time , wa spread all over the world . during the 20th century , the number of car produced and bought increased considerably . however , since the end of the economic growth , thirty year after the second world war , and the first oil crisis , it go without saying that the idea of reducing the number of car have been taken into account . while it is certain that in a long-term way of thinking there will be fewer car , it doe not seem so accurate in a short-term one . some element lead u to think that there may be le and le car in a long-term perspective . first of all , i 'd like to underline that from the second half of the 21st century , there is a high probability that there will be no more oil . all known ressources are exploited and it is becoming more and more difficult to find oil . added to this , new kind of transport are found and developed . to illustrate that idea , i can mention the new project of traveling in space . however , i 'd like to lay stress on that , to my mind , in twenty year , there wo n't be fewer car . other location from where we can extract oil are found . for instance , extraction of oil from under the ocean ha started . in addition , the issue of the lack of oil is solved by the discovery of other source that could replace oil , such a flower oil , with which a car can work . finally , i 'd like to emphazise the importance and the power of the car industry that lead me to think that there will be opposed to a decrease of the number of car . for instance , the money spent on car advertisments illustrates their financial power , so that we can think that their opposition can be efficient . thus , in twenty year , there are many reason to think that there will still be a much car a today , maybe more if we consider the interest of people in car innovation , through the success of the car saloon that took place recently .