the comparison of joy taken from the life according to age is adifficult job a it ha too many influencing factor . this stiuation doubt the accuracy of coments made on this topic questionable but in general there are some argument that worth emphasize due to their observabilities . young people take more joy from the life because they do not always think obout the result of their behaviour . also young people tend to have more simple taste and preference than older people . in this passage i will going to analyse the influence of age on the joy taken from the life . young people a i stated before are more careless in their act and living than older people becaase youth is a session of making mistake learning from them . young people in contrast to older have le mental restraint in their behaviour since they do not have suffered enough from their mistake . this make life more easier and joyfull for young people . for instance a young man generally have energy and health for skiing than older men ha . the older man should have a good helth to do it which is very difficult and costly a time go by . another point that make youth more happier is that the young people could be easily satisfied with the basic simple taste and have le preference restraint unlike the choosy old men . having the certain amount of experince about thigns old man generally doe not get saturation from simple thing or activity because there is no joy of exploring while it is persisitent in youth . if you go to a bar you will easily observe that the young man can get high with a chear beer while older man are trying to determine which coctail is better than the other . in conclusion when it come to taking joy from life being young and old ha their inner determinant and aspect . old people are too have joy of their life , happiness of their childrens marriage or having le obligation to work to make a living and more time to leisure make life of old man better . but i believe crazy youth memoris are the most unforgettable and personal thing that remains to a person when he is alone with herself .