youth are the pillar of the future society . therefore i believe that young people nowadays give enough time to helping their community . young people have a huge amount of zeal and excitement in them to carry out new thing . their accomplishment in whatever they do mean a lot to them . i truly believe that our firm future is based on how our present and past is moulded . therefore young people need to be moulded in a proper sense to help the community . this responsibilty is today taken up by the parent and teacher . for instance , youth in the school and across campus are exposed to campaign such a the aids awareness campaign , education campaign etc . these young people go around city and slum explaining people about how to prevent oneself from a dreaded disease like aids . they also go about in the remote village and explain people the importance of education and how it would help in the progress of their village . the youth are the individual who in today 's world have and show some compassion and mercy towards the poor and old . i would like to explain an incident which took place on a street . this street wa heavily crowded and there wa a man walking past the road . he wa very pale and old . suddenly an autorickshaw driver knocked him down and escaped very quickly . the man wa lying on the road bleeding heavily . no one came forward to his help . a group of college student walking by noticed this and came to help this man out . they took him to a hospital and even paid for all the expense . nowadays , it been observed that in many activity of the society , the youth have an active participation . for example , in the diwali and ganesh chaturthi festival in india celebrated with a great pomp and joy , the youth are the one who volunteer for such festival , right from managing the crowd to the idol immersing ritual . the youth , nowadays , are jammed between their busy studying schedule and their extra activity towards society . but the college and university see to it that community service also form a part of their schedule . thus , being the bright future , i firmly believe that youth are actively involved in community welfare .