the twenty first century is the era that lot of discovery done for the sake of the human-being . this is done by scientific improvement in lot of area . but how are these improvement done ? by the scientist knowing thing about many subject or by the scientist specialized to only a single area . since lot of special subject about a single topic could be seen nowadays , it must be noted that improvement done by the specialized scientist . first of all , if we think of the history of science , the scientist of that era had idea abut lot of issue such a mathematics , physic , chemistry and so forth . however , one sould keep in mind that there were fewer thing discovered until that time for that era . as a result ; even though the previous scientist were not be specialized to one area , that doe not mean that today 's discovery have not been done by specialized scientist . as mentioned before , lot of subject could be observed about a special topic or area . for instance , if we think of electrics and electronics , one could be drowned in lot of area which are telecommunications , electromagnetic waves , power electronics and so forth . in addition to this , if we think of the history , we can not talk about electronics before 1960 's when the semiconducting device were first used . as a result , by the improvement in electrics and electronics with the specialization to these area , the humanity ha a easier life . for instance , would not be so hard to live without mostly used device which are cell phone which are product of telecommunication . if we think of eye which are the camera to the enviroment for the human-being . if we deeply analyze what is in the eye , we must note the importance of retina , cornea , eye lens and so forth . for instance , the people suffering from diabetic may lose their vision due to problem in the retina . or simply , if we think of contact lens which could be used a artificial lens , these are improving vision of million of people . to summarize , all these about the eye could be done only by specialization . to conclude , since a single human being can not know or remmeber the whole idea about one issue , it is important to specialize to one area . as a result , more improvement could be done about that area and a a result about that issue .