over the history , the life ha evolved into what we call today the `` modern life '' . modern life ha brought it problem with it . the one problem that ha a great effect in our social life is youngster not helping their community a they used to do in the past . needless to say that this ha it reason too . two main reason why youngster are more selfish and care le about their family and everyone around them today are their parent and lack of education given in this direction . while child grow up to be adult they just learn thing from their parent . they immitate how their parent handle situation and they internalize most of the altitude their parent exhibit under certain situation at a very young age . therefore when a little girl , say allice see her mother being careless to other people around her , she just grows up to be that way . she becomes more self-centered , individualist and le helpful to others . that may be a person having a stroke on the street , or an elder who need a seat on the bus . she will just choose of her comfort and well-being and care le about other people . even though most of the child grow up with the company of their parent , they also spend most of their time at school they attend to . in school they take the teacher a the model especially at the younger age and their education ha a great influence on what kind of a person they will be . in school we can turn them into good people who are not indifferent to their society instead of boasting on the individual success and assessing them accord to it . schools today produce rather self-centered , careless and selfish individual . this is a main flaw in our education system today . in summary , it is an irrefutable fact that young people become more and more careless about the community they live in . the reason behind these are lack of family education and a bad education system . these are the place to look at if we want more society-aware people . we should give stress on parental education and revise our education system to train individual with value that teach them society come before a single person . this way we will have a healthy society in which people do care and help each other .