living in a time where technologic novelities flood society in rapidly successing wave it seems a little bold to make asumptions about the transportation situation in the next twenty year . but , nethertheless , i have the courage to say that i do not believe that there will be fewer car in use by then . one might argue that the global energy supply will diminish , that the market for new car might be saturated some time ( perhaps in the industrial nation . .. ) that alternative like bus and the train system will improve further in quality and quantity , and that human will finally , finally concede that using public transport will help save the environment . but looking at the situation with a global perspective , the world 's most populated region like india , china , southeast asia have n't even nearly cought up to western standard in individual transportation . in twenty year , around the globe the demand for this individual transport facility will have skyrocketed . if one still will speak of car , no-one know . a brief look at the telecommunication sector will suffice to see how rapidly technology can evolve . furthermore , old car ca n't be desposed of a easily a old telephone or computer . so , a could be examplified with cuba where u.s. car from the 50ies still crowd the street of la habana , the new car of today will probably find their new home in the poorer region of earth . in total , i can not really relate to the idea that the total number of car circulating on our planet will have diminished in 20 year . to achieve a reduction in emission of carbondioxide and other waste produced by combustion of fossil it would certainly be helpful to limit the amount of car . but a far a i can see , besides of the - usually powerless - environmental activist found in each society , there 's no strong lobby to be found which could enforce a reduction in car volume . and by the way , what happened to the newest porsche or the most sophisticated mercedes benz ? would anyone really want to have them vanished ?