i agree to the statement that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . although car is a very comfortable mean of conveyance but it ha got many drawback vis-a-vis present condition . the competition in the car industry ha heated up . besides , some of the serious health problem have surfaced due to increase in the number of motor driven vehicle over a period of year . even many government are trying their best to tackle this problem . the most severe threat posed by the use of this vehicle is health related problem . the environment is polluted and this is giving rise to global warming which is a phenomenon of increasing temperature at a constant rate across the globe . besides , people who rely more on use of car face some health problem like obesity , slip disc , etc . in these case a doctor also recommends a walk or evening stroll . this indicates that the number of car in use today is sure to decline . apart from health related issue , the phenomenal increase in number of car on road have lead to traffic conjestions in many country because of lack of proper infrastructure . one ha to really start early to reach one 's destination . so , plan to dump the car are also under consideration at many place which would mean the reduction in number of car in use . in addition to these point , the car industry ha seen a market saturation in many country a well . the market is really flooded with car and there is a significant decline in the number of potential customer across the globe . so , the decline in production of car would also reduce the number of car in use . moreover , a we know that the technology is on a surge in the present century , so we can expect the car to be obsolete and it might be replaced by some other vehicle which outshines it in a number of way . finally , we can say that there are many good to say that there will be a decline in the car in use because of health related issue or lack of infrastructure or market saturation , etc . the future of car is not safe in the end .