in some country , there is a tough controversy about the final objective of education . should it deal with a maximum academic subject , so a to provide a vast general knowledge to the student , or should it rather focus on a specific matter , in order to prepare the youngster to their confrontation with the professional world ? first , i am convinced that it is a nonsense to force the student to specialize too early . they have to try a great variety of subject before genuinely being aware of what truely interest them . by granting them some time to think , a varied schedule will allow them to make a valid choice and to change their mind , if necessary . then academic subject are often complementary . when you have the possibility to study a lot of different subjetcs , you can observe how they interact and get a more critical view on a particular topic . for instance , every human science try to explain how human being behave in a society : economy , philosophy , psychology , anthropology , they all give u a different theory about the way we choose , decide , react in our environment . by acquiring the basic in several of those subject , a student will be able to shape his own opinion . in addition , every subject ha in his fundamental course some element that belong to our society 's common knowledge . our culture is defined by our history , a well a our litterature , but also what we know in biology , physic , art or even sport . having a few hint about what is important to know in each field is a major requirement to understand current event , or more generally to gain tolerance to different opinion and belief . however , i also want to advocate for the necessity of an eventual specialization . indeed , before entering the professional world , being particularly skilled in a given field is a moajor competitve advantage . in the prospect of getting a job , a graduating student must think about what count for the recruiter he will face . if you want to be a botanist , it may not be useful to pursue advanced macroeconomics .