it is generally believed that young people enjoy life more than older people do . some people think , a young people are le aware of the seriousness of certain event , they can enjoy everything more than older people do . other people oppose this point . as for me , i agree to say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . on the one hand , young people believe that older people can enjoy life more than they can . when i wa a girl , i used to think that my parent and my grand parent are very lucky , because they did n't have homework , and could do whatever they want to do . i remember when i wa 13 i said to my mom that i want to be 30 right now , because at this age , nothing were forbidden to me . i wa so fed up to hear the adult saying `` you can not do this , you are too young '' , or `` you can not stay here , we are discussing about a subject that you can not understand !! '' i wa very upset , and thought that would be great to be older so that i can really enjoy life . however , i do not see it this way now . it seems to me that being young is synonym of being free , being independant . we can do whatever we want to without being always anxious . . is that good ? am i suppose to do this ? i really believe in the fact that , a young people are le aware of the seriousness of certain event , it is easier for them to enjoy life . moreover , since we are still young , we have everything to discover . it is great and amazing to discover some new country for example when we have the opportunity to travel , to learn different culture from all around the world . furthermore , a we do not have child yet , we feel free to go out at night for party , to do many thing we wo n't be able to do in the future . indeed , day after day , we would certainly feel bored to do always the same thing , and we would not enjoy it likely . last but not least , even if we have to study a lot , even if we have to work hard and may feel depressed time by time , i must recognise that it is even more interesting than staying at home everyday . it is more exciting to live without knowing what we will do tomorrow , than live everyday likely . on the whole , i admit that i agree with the statement , because i think that young people enjoy life more than older people do a it is the first time they had discovered everything . carpe diem