throughout history , human have competed and strived to find and derive the best way possible to advertise and sell a product . this key concept is illustrated precisely by this statement ; for which , i would definately agree with the statement for three main reason . the core of this statement is rooted in essential marketing techinques that are vital for the sale and profit of any product . the first main proof for this statement is seen in the essential concept that everyone that produce something to sell will want consumer to be attracted to the product by any mean possible . it is in human nature to allways want the best quality possible for what one is buying . thus , an advertisement that make the product appear much better than they really are is a key technique in pulling a costumer to buy the product . this is because the costumer expects the product the be at it best quality . once the consumer ha decided to buy the product that attracts him ( due to the fine quality in the advertisement ) , he will go and buy it . however , if a product creates a great demand due to is advertising it will cause an increase in the amount supplied , because more people will want it . this brings the second proof for the statment . in order to have a greater amount of the product produced , the company producing the item will have to forgo time and effectiveness in makeing a finer quality product , in order to make more , which are worst than what appear in the advertisement . the third main point is that an attractive advertisement will draw people to buy that product over other similar competing product . this will make business and company make their product appear better than it really is in orther to get consumer to buy theirs over their competition 's . ultimately , a the world shift into a greater consumer society , human are going to want to see that their money spent ( investment in a product ) ha a great appearnce . there are many product in the market that even though they are not the best quality appear to be the best thorugh their popularity and heavy advertisments . a real example could be seen with the recent popularity of the mp3 player ipod . even thorugh their technology , capacity , and application is worse than others ( such a sony 's creative mp3 player ) , their attractive advertisement and global popularity have created a huge demand , even through they are not the best product for the amount of money spent on the market . therefore , through these three principle and the example provided it is reasonalbe to see how most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are .