i think that younger people do indeed enjoy life more than older people . in my opinion younger people are supposed to have more fun because they have le responsabilities and do not have to worry a much about problem that come with adulthood , such a money , job and family . i am 17 and i can remember just a few year back when i wa 15 , how different my life wa . i did n't have to work , my school work wa much le of a burden and i did n't have to worry a much about my future . now , only a few year later i realized that my life ha changed completly because i now work and at the same time i need to keep my gradees up so that i can get into college . i realize that from 15 to 17 is not really growing up , and that being a 17 year old is not considerd being an elder , but what im trying to say that with age come more and more responsibilty . now that i 'm older i see how much time and effort my mom put in to making my sister and i happy . my mom constantly look for work , so that she can make money . she always ha to make sure that my sister 's and my every need is being taken care of . sometimes i feel like she might forget about herself . as my mother work hard like this day after day all i worry about is my school work , my job and what im going to do next friday . all i worry about is thing for me , while my mom worry about my sister , myself , my animal , my home , her job , her self and many other thing . she ha got to make sure that everything is running smoothly . i cant imagine being her and having to do all those thing . i sometimes wonder , doe she ever have fun ? does she ever go out ? the reality is that she doe but when she tell me story about when she wa younger she always syas `` ahhh . .. those were the good time . '' each time she say that i realize that being an adult can be hard work . because i 'm still young i still get to do many fun thing , but a i get older peopel around me expect more and more from me and those expectation mean , to act mature and be responsible . surely , a i get older i have noticed that my priority have changed . i look at my sister , who is a freshman in high school , and see how different we are . she worry very much about what she ware and what she look like , while i'de rather worry about getting to school or passing my physic test . i asked my mom if i wa like that and she said `` we all go through it , we all mature . .. it part of adulthood . '' we all at some point of our life stop having the same fun a we had a a child . look at baby all they do is sleep and eat , while parent wish they could get some sleep or even loose a couple of pound . in the end i trully believe that younger people enjoy life much more than older people because they have le ressponsibilities and le thing to worry about . although throughout your life you are longer an adult than you are a child , you will always remember `` those good old day '' because they are a reminder of when you where care-free and had nothing to worry about .