nowadays , car roam every part of the city . it seems a if there wa never a moment in time when these vehicle are not out on the street . however , car could very well suffer a decrease in twenty year due to skyrocketing price and environmental issue . having a car is an expensive luxury , and that may be one of the reason why they may disappear . car price are not getting any cheaper , in fact , all the commercial on television promote car with new gadget and more powerful engine , making buying one more expensive , and therefore making le people buy one . secondly , gasoline price are increasing daily . as a matter of fact , price of gasoline are reaching historical record and filling a tank can cost a fortune . not only is the price of the gasoline worrying , but the fact that gasoline is getting scarcer by the minute will mean that once petroleum run out , which scientist estimate will happen in 50 year , gasoline-powered car will no longer be in use . not only is price a key factor in the reduction of the number of car , but the fact that people are becoming more and more concerned with the environment is also something that could trigger the number of car to decrease . more and more people take public transportation , such a bus and train , because it save time , money , and the environment . in the last few year more campaign about using public transportation in spain have been done , pointing out how car pollute . in fact , a survey ha been carried out and the result reveal that people are becoming more environmentally friendly and that campaigs for the use of public transport are effective . this new `` concience '' will lead people to replace their car for cleaner way of transport . last but not laest , more and more city have public transport and this type of transport is being modernized on a daily basis . due to the increase of different type of public transport and their quality , many people go to work by train or bus instead of getting the car . not only is public transport faster and more convenient , allowing you to avoid traffic , but it is much cheaper than filling the gas tank and paying the parking meter . all in all , car , a i see it , will slowly tend to be used le often because of the circumstance surrounding u : gasoline price are skyrocketing , car price are extremely high , the environment can not survive if this rate of contamination continues , and there are many other better alternative out there . looking closely at the matter , if not using the car save money , time and our environment , why wait 20 year ? cars should be used le often right now .