the given statement state that `` it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one subject . probably i dont agree with the statement given because of many reason . as it is said that it is better to have broad knowledge about many subject rather than one it may applicable only at lower education level . where it is easy to read many subject with not so prolonged issue but just a overlook about the subject and get a vague idea about the topic which are required and used in our daytoday life such physic , english , mathematics . but a we go for higher education we probably prefer a single subject that we are intrested in and make specialization . so i specify my view that it is essential that at which point of time we are taking the important decision of studying our graduation or post graduation at that time only the prescribed subject is required to do specialization . i can support my view by giving some important point . the point are , if want to study all the academic subject at greater level of education then it is very tough because for a given academic time we may not get the information of all the subject in detail . and some time we may not be intrested in some of the academic subject and we may neglect those subject and get a lower grade which may not be correct for a proper education . and the next reason is that doing a specialization patrticularly mean when we are taking in particular subject and do research about the topic then we say that we have done specilization in that particular subject . we cant say that we have done specialization in all the subject which is practically not piossible because man is not perfect and he cant gain such a great knowledge at a time . basically we select our subject according to our carrer objective so we rather prefer to gain knowledge about that particular subject and do specialization on only that topic , so if we go for all the subject according to the student tendency we usally neglect some of the topic . finally i would say that the given statement may be applicable only at lower education level , but for the higher level it would be better if we do specialization only in one subject rather than all the academic subject . getting broader knowledge not only mean that studying many topic but to have perfection about them which may not be posible for a greater extent . this gaining of broder knowledge may be only for some time finally we have to be perfect in one .