twenty year from now , i feel that there would be fewer car in use than there are today . i personally feel that owning a car is a choice between the question of need and question of luxury . for most people now a day owning a car is no longer a luxury . with all sort of loan and easy installment that have sprouted out of nowhere a common man can easily afford a car . but the question here is , is it really neccessary that we own a car ? in india atleast the answer is a yes . with the unreliability of the public transport system , and unaccessibilty of some region by public transport it becomes neccessary to have your mode of transport . but with the dawn of a new it era and hence the looking up of the brighter prospectives of the indian economy , the question of need is slowly diminishing . public transport ha come back in it new and improved form , be it the local bus or the metro and it is even accessible in the remotest of the region . as for the choice of luxury , the ever increasing hike i petrol price due to limited access to the petrol reserve would limit it owning of car to people who can really afford them , and not the general public . globally , the importance of pulic transportation ha already been concieved of , and ha been in practice for decade . the modern generation being more aware of their environmetal issue of pollution and depleting fossil fuel reserve have aslo further established the need for better and efficient public system , that would eventually cut out the depenency on personal vehicle for transportation . also with the decrease in fuel , the world all over is experiencing a hike in the price of fuel which would make it more easier on the pocket of the common man if he used public transportation . with the ever increasing awareness of the lack of fossil fuel supply that run most of the automobile combined with the fact that the emission from automobile constitutes a major reason for the increase in pollution in recent time , i feel that the people would start depending on public transport instead of their personal vehicle . even though the possibilty of using alternate source of fuel in the near future exists , it not going to come easy . the expense for the use of such fuel would perhaps be a expensive if not more than the fossil fuel , not including the added expense of manufacturing automobile that can run on such fuel . the viable solution to this would be , a i feel , is to rely on the public transport , a it would prove to be more economically viable . the mode of transport for in the future a i see it is public transportation , which is not only fast but more economically and environmentally viable . hence with the increase in the technological advacement of the system car with would be a thing of the past .