i do completely agree with this statement and think that there will be indeed fewer car on the street than there are nowadays . first of all , there is our problem with the ressources of fossil fuel that are rapidly coming to an end . whereas coal , according to today calculation , will still last for another fifty year , oil , the most important ressource for the fuel for our car , will get rare in already about ten year from now on . and since there is no other material which ha a comparable energy density - i can not tell the exact number but i know that the energy density of oil is at least a factor of about 1x10 to the power of 2 higher than the energy density of coal or gas - and is available in the necessary amount it will be very difficult to substitute this ressource . and energy density is a very important factor since i think everybody will rather like to drive with a 50 liter tank of oil instead of pulling a one cubic meter coal car behind him or having to go and get a new gas filling after every 100 kilometer . a second reason why there will be fewer car in use than there are today is that the public transport system are steadily improved . in smaller city the people can use bus and train to get to work or to do freetime activity and in larger city they even have street car , subway and other possible transport for the people to get around . moreover , with fuel price increasing rapidly due to the decreasing oil ressources it will become financially more efficient or even necessary for many people to use public transport system . also the company of many public transport system offer special offer such a the so called `` vorteilscard '' in austria which make it possible to travel by train for half of the normal prize . finally , we also have to consider the world wide problem of pollution and the greenhouse effect . if we want this planet to be a comfortable home to live on we need to do something to stop global warming which is mainly caused by the co2 emission that are for a big amount generated from the car . therefore , the government will issue special new law and regulation which will force people to search for other possibility of travelling or they will offer incentive to the people that will encourage them to take public transport system . again an example for this come from austria but i am sure that there are comparable program in most other nation a well . in austria the government offer tax reduction for people if they take the public transport system to go to work .