every person in the world is expected to enjoy his or her life from the moment he or she see the light until he or she sleep in their graf . half of the people on the world believe that young people enjoy life more than older people and the other half of the people believe that older people enjoy life more than young people do . in my opinion , i agree with the other half of the people who seem to believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do for different reason . one of the reason why i believe that young people enjoy life more than older people is that young people are more familiar with the thing in their present life other than the older people . i will use my grandmother a an example for what i have just wrote . when she wa young , she enjoyed her life more than her mother because life is getting better and better each time we move on . my grandmother wa borned before the invention of the internet , one time she saw me setting in my room playing computer , she came to me and asked me what am i doing with the television . it took me a reallly long time to explain to her that it wa a computer not a television . the second reason why i believe that young people enjoy life more than older people is that young people are more active than older people . young people have the energy and the ability to do thing that make them enjoy their life that the older people can not do to enjoy their life . i remebered once my cousin came to my home to pick me up so we can go to the cinema . when i walked to the door , i asked my mother to join u , she responded by saying that she doesnot have the energy to do it because she is old and it 's hard for her to sit for three hour straight watching the movie . for that reason , i started to believe that young people can enjoy their life more than older people do . all in all , young people have the ability to enjoy their life while the older people lack that ability that make them able to enjpy their life . i believe that young people someday will experince the fact that one day young people will enjoy life more than they do a they get older .