i agree that it is more important for student to understand abstract idea and concept , because their college education should give them a sound base of knowledge and not a mass of unrelated fact . most student want to work at a company after they graduate . if they had only learned fact in college there is the possibilty that they wo n't need most of these fact . the college can not teach all of the diverse fact that are needed for a student to be an efficient worker . it would be better for him to learn concept in college and learn many fact later , when he need them for his work . so , when you study electronics , and you learned every fact about building personal computer , and later came to a factory that build car computer , most of the fact you learned may be useless , but the concept of creating a computer in general may come in very handy . furthermore student who know the concept and idea can connect and thus better understand all the fact they may learn later on because they know how everything is related . for example , if a student with business major only learned fact about , say , germany , and not the concept that stand behind those fact , he might never be able to fully understand them , or to see that fact he learned about brazil can be compared to them . another argument is that fact can be easily accessed through a book or even the internet just at the time they are needed . it would take much more time or even be impossible , to `` understand '' an concept just when needed . the student probably would n't even know which concept ist needed , because he would not be able to see the larger picture . for example , if a biology student in america ha the task to build a fish tank with exotic fish , and he had learned what `` normal '' fish need , and how a fish tank work in college , he could just look up the difference between exotic and `` normal '' fish on the internet , or ask a colleague . if , on the other hand , he had no clue about the complex working in a fishtank , he might not be able to complete his task at all . of course studying human anatomy or history may require more learning of fact than other science , like mathematics . but i think that the advantage of learning concept and idea much overweight the advantage of learning fact in general .