since most people travel to unknown place and most of those beautiful place have some historical o cultural background , i strongly support the idea of traveling guide . in fact , by having guide in any travel we do n't have to worry about where to go or expending much time in only one place . i remember when i went to peru ; i can imagine going there without a peter that wa his name . peter is a native person living close to machu-pichu ; at the beggining when he offered his service a aguide , i wa not sure of our need opf his help ; but later on i not only new about the importance of him that they , but also the need of his nice service . indeed peter directed u throght a pathway that only native know ; we were able to see the most wanderful landscape where the incas where living on and also we did n't waste time since peter knew how long it take for a turist to go aroud the such a wonderful place . furthermore , we were lucky to have them showing u what the place we were visiting were used for , by the incas ; but he gave u a nice speach of history and culture . even people who were born in peru use to have him a a guide or other one ; because they know of the benefit of it . it is also know by turist that some danger could be around when visiting some place ; when you have a guide it is le frequent to get into those trouble , since most guide know very well the place and they will take any step to keep u healthy . for example by that time i read about a tourist from europe who wa robed while walking around . another case is one that happended to a lady who had an accident after falling from the hill , she wanted to cut the path way to arrive early but because she did n't know the place she took a wrong way . there are many other example in my mind not only from this specifically one but much many others . finally , i find very enjoyable meeting people during my travel adventure . and the main person i use to socialize with is a guide . in fact i am a sociologist and my life is all about meeting asll kind of people with different costums and backgrouds , listening to them about their adventure and experience with other turists . i thing guide are amazing people who get easily along to different people from different culture . guides also are very educated people . indeed most speak 2 , 3 or more language . in summary , guide are not only important to have a nice trip , but they make our vacation unforgetable . . they represent other culture and we can get a lot of knowledge from them . i would recommend that any person going in a trip use a guide if they want to have a fun and easy trip anywhere . thanks .