in my opinion , a broad knowledge of many academic subject rather than just specializing in one specific subject provides many advantage . transfering the knowledge of one academic subject to another can often simplify life . good knowledge of mathematics , for example , help in various other academic subject like business , econonimics , physics , etc . other than that , being well educated in many subject mean that you do not rely on other people a much . you have the knowledge ( `` power '' ) to decide by yourself what is right or wrong ( at least in your opinion ) having a broad knowledge in many subject also keep you away from being a coach potatoe . if you show your interest in many area you will see that there are connection that might be exciting . then you want to learn more about it , you would to understand how thing are working . your brain keep being used . in this way you are not just satisfied by knowing that your good at one topic and just leave the other topic unregarded behind . look at senior citizen . many older people that are still interested in many topic also show good physically health . our society is changing from a industrial oriented to a more service oriented one . this implies change in the job sector . jobs in the past will not be needed to be done in the future . but - going with this - new job will be created in field that we ca n't think of at the moment . if you just have knowledge in one specific subject rather than in several one it might get really difficult for you to find a good , satisfying job . companies are looking for people that show a big interest in a variety of topic . they believe that a broad knowledge help new employee to easily adapt to their new task at the company . often , scientist are hired in the business world because they are believed to think in a more logical , structed way . all in all , specializing in one topic is not completely wrong . but having a broad knowledge in many academic subject truly enriches and simplifies life .