in today 's highly competitive job market , an employee is very likely to have to work in many different area during his career . the question is to know whwether having a wide range of academic knowledge will help him succeed in his professional life . as far a i am concerned , i think it is a great advantage to posse knowledge in many different field . indeed , the broader your knowledge is , the more interesting your job and the higher your responsibility will be . first of all , knowing thing in many different area brings me some kind of satisfaction . indeed , even if my study is mainly focused on chemistry for example , i am still interested in mathematical , physical , or economical knowledge , because they all help me to understand how the world which surround me work . this is all the more true a far a foreign language are concerned . i do think they can be a very important factor when a company ha to chose between two candidate who have the same level in their specialization field . besides , i think that the wider your knowledge , the more opportunity you will have in your career . as a matter of fact , when you are emplyed in a big company , you are very unlikely to work all the time in the same area . i think it is worth thaving broad knowledge of many academic subject , since it l allows you to be chosen for many interesting and very different job . furthermore , a far a team work is concerned , it is much easier to work with other people when you are not completely ignorant about the field they are specialized in . thirdly , i think that it is much easier to climb the ladder in a company if you are able to use your knowledge in many different area . if you are able to show that your education and experience allows you to work on very different project , you are much more likely to be chosen for an interesting job with high responsibility . that is something i have been told to for a long time in my engineering school . your field of specialization determines your first job , but if you are successful in your profesional life depends mainly on your ability to adapt to many different kind of job . i do think that having a wide range of knowledge is very important towards achieving this goal . as a conclusion , even if any worker should be particularly competent in his specialization area , i think it is much better to have knowledge of many academic subject , since it offer more interesting job and better opportunity .