many student hate to study , because it 's boaring , yet when the student realize the idea and concept . at that time , the studing will be fun . the idea and concpets affect to student , grab the interesting , to understand what they learn , for unsing the idea and concept in our life and outstanding it . the idea and concept are very important to student for learning school course like math and science . many student hate to study because it 's boaring , and they do n't have interseting . however , when they know idea , and concept , they will ahve interesting . for example , jason ha son , he is 5 year old , jason want to start teach him simple math , but the son doe not have interesting and not good at math . one day , jason see the advertisement , `` most impotant thing is idea and concpets . '' he call to that educational company for helping . after two moth , his son interset in the math , because he understands idea and concpets . therfore the idea and concept are impotant to student to learning . students should know what they are learning , if they do not know what they are learing , the reason is they do n't understnad the idea and concept . for instance , when we are evaluate the math question in the class , however the student do not understnad the question , because they do n't know the concept . thus , the idea and concept are impotatnt for understading student 's learning . the purpose of learning is to use in our communicatio or society . for example , james and kyle , they both listen geography in their high school . yet , james understnads the idea and concpes of geography ; kyle just memorise his text book . after they graduate , they live in same village . oneday , the earthquake come suddenly in their village . at that time , james survive from the earthquake , because he understnds the idea and concpet of erathqukae for his geography class . however , kyle get serious injury , because he doe not know the idea and concpets of eathquke . therefore the idea and concpets is very impotant for student learing material . we agree , the idea and concpets is important to understand for student . for thesis three reason , grab the intersing , to understnad what they learning , and for using in our society . when we realize how important is idea and concpets form these three reason . we can understnad the idea and concpts