i agree with the idea that successful people try to new thing and take risk ratehr than only doing what they already know how to do well . there are some reaosns to support my opinion . in the begining , most people may consider star player , like baseball player , a successful people . i guess that most famous player try new thing and take risk to improve themselves . for instance , japanese baseball player wish to play in the united states because they think the us is the number one baseball country . such a ichiro suzuki on seattle mariners , he left japan and went to the united states to try to reach the summit of himself a a baseball player . he said `` i want to improve my baseball '' . if he continued to play baseball in japan , he would not take risk rather than play baseball in the united states . it is so difficult to be a star baseball player in the us rather than in japan because there are so many popular foreign player in the us . in other hand , there are mostly japanese player in japanese professional baseball league . i think people are educated or improved by taking risk . in my case , i came to the united states from japan three year ago because of my father 's job . my father said to me that `` you did not have to come with me '' . my father worried about that i would be troubled with foreign language . however , i came here because i want to improve my english skill . in the first year of my staying in the us , it wa horrible . i could not understand almost all word what teacher said . i wa so depressed ; however , i really wanted to become a good english speaker although i have to take much risk or i need ton of effort for that . right now , i hope my english skill is improved by living in the us . thus , i believe that i will become a successful person in the future by taking an active part of my experience in the united states because i take much risk while i stay in the united states . therefore , i agree with the opinion that successful people try to new thing and take risk .