i agree that it 's important for stydent to understans idea and concept that it is for them to learn fact . there is several reason for that . we do n't have to learn fact . because we can find fact and know it form internet or book or television . and these day rather than know fact , understanding idea and concept is more important . what is mean learn fact . it mean just know the mean of scientific phenomenon . historucal truth . this is knowlodge not can be wisdom or real mean of study . now day , we can improve our knowledge about the most of thing from the internet or book or television . maybe long time age learn fact might be important . because at that time it wa hard to get information . forexample hard to get book and more hard to read book . only few class can read an wrote . so sometimes the people had a lot of information and knowledge could get respect from others . however , today is diffirent . a i mentioned before . knowledge is just knowledge . information is no more valuable . cause every one can access to information and use that . so now they we should put more value to understand idea and concept . then what is understands of idea and concept . if we understand the idea and concept it 's not only mean knowing the fact but also mean the ablilty to adjust the idea and use it properly and practically in our life . understnad idea and concept can directrly connect with our daily life . so i can say understanding idea and concept are more importhat than learing fact . based on fact we already know and learnd understand it is more higher level of learing . also this ablilty is just what we want to improve in these day and sea of information . so these two are the main reason that why i think that understand idea and concept is more important than just learning fact . one is fact that usually we called information is now easy to access rather than any time of human history . so just having information is not necessary . and second , understand idea and concept is more precious becaus it can adjust in real life .