i think everyone know about the story of a ` giving tree . ' it 's a story about how a tree give everything to a boy whom the tree love . the tree start with giving the boy a shade made by the leaf of the tree by giving everything the tree got - leaf , fruit , branch , a trunk - the tree end up with nothing but a place for the boy to sit and rest . this story show u how touching and beautiful it is to sacrifice oneself and help others . but this story , is just a story and what we call the ` valuable sacifice ' ca n't be seen anymore . thus i agree to the statement that say young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i agree because the modernization made people too much individualized that they only think about themselves and also because people do nothing that give them nothing in return . this week on monday , i happened to read an article talking about a highschool student being qualified to enter hanyang university because he spent much time helping his community . this clearly proof that there are not much voluntary work being done these day . the lack of voluntary work are so lacking and are in need that it the abundant voluntary work that the student ha done made him enter the college wihtout any other requirement . i believe that the modernization ha the responsibilty for this phenomenon . as the community society wa being divided and many people left to larger city to earn more money , people have been le socializied and are too much individualized . people do n't mingle with their community member anymore a much a they did in the old day , which made them forget how to cooperate and live together . people are greedier than they were before . they want reward and return for the investment they have made . for example , in may this year , the principal of my school announced that extra point will be given to those who spends time doing voluntary work in their community . after this announcement ha been made , student went crazy to do voluntary work to get more point . statistics showed that 5students doing voluntary work increased to 16students per month in only for month . so to say , i strongly agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i think the government should bring up new police to encourage student and other community member to participate in voluntary work .