students in school take their course with either their choice or what they were preffered to take . high schoolers are required to take general class and student in college narrow down their subject to their major subject . even though student will be deciding their major , they should have knowledge from several academic subject . at first , student are supposed to take course accourding to their interest . taking course of what they are intersted in make them work harder and it will keep the student ' motivation for studying . even though they are choosing from their interest , their knowledge still should not be based only on one specific subject . as the student study only from one subject , their knowledge will be narrowed down . even though it is possible , it is hard to live the world and live in this society a one worker with only knowledge from specified subject . getting knowledge from many academic subject will build the basic knowledge for the student to go out to the society and work . without broad knowledge , people could often mislead their way and decision . even if the student learn from specific subject , they need to have broad knowledge . their knowledge from other subject will help them to learn more for their major subject because there are always connection between each subject or basic thought in the subject . nowadays , it is hard to live in the society only with knowledge from one specific subject . the student will not know if their one specific subject is right for them or it really interest them . it can be hard to change their way without having any broad knowledge afterwards . no one know if their one specific specialized subject will support the student through whole life . having broad knowledge of many academic subject will be life support even in their job . for example , becoming a business man will not be accomplished only with studying marketing . as they survive in the business world , they need accounting , various language , and psychology . these three subject will support the business man fully . to have broad knowledge from many academic subject , people will have le trouble and more fun to live their life through . people will need basic knowledge because everything is connected in the modern society .