it 's the travel time , do you prefer travel alone or with a group led by a tour guide ? a good question , i would not hesitate to go with a group led by a tour guide . there are too many advantage to travel with the group led by a tour guide . first , the efficiency issue . we are busying on studying , working or anyother thing , or you even can not imagine how we can spare ten or more minute to google all the travel information and accomadation . preparation of travel is a time-consuming process , and it may get you stressed out when there 's no hotel room or air ticket available on a particular day . if it 's with a group led by a tour guide , no worry , they arrange every single detail for you in advance . so they reduce your effort and save your energy . second , the safety issue . if we travel alone , we may choose driving for sightseeing among nearby place . as we know , people are fatigue when they travel around , in the meantime , their focus on driving is distracted by view or landscape outside of the car window . car accident probability during travel time rank the top among other accident situation according to our national survey . i wa involved in the exactly same situation once when i drived with my boyfriend , that 's a nightmare , you may never want to experience . third , the travel perception issue . it 's no doubt that tour guide are real expert for explaination of tour site . as we may experienced , you are more exposed to the thorough information about specific place than you travel alone . in addition , the tour guide are more informed about regulation or price change for relative sighseeing issue , therefore we can avoid some useless rush . that 's why the tourist industry keep booming these year in our city for these 4 consecutive year . nevertheless , we embrace all intrinsic advantage of traveling with group led by tour guide , we may still have some pity for it inconvenience and comfortable concern . we are not allowed to go wherever we feel like to go since it 's hard for tour guide to organize a huge group , we follow tour guide 's preference other than our owns . also , sitting in a tour bus with 40 people interrupted by any of their snoring or other noise seems not a enjoyable a driving my own car with my friend . even so , i still would jump up to choose travel with a group led by a tour guide if i were given a chance to select comparing with travel alone , and it 's obvious advantage outweigh it shortcoming , travel with the group led by a tour guide can also foster our networking opportunity during the trip and may learn across culture . what a good chance to know people beyond the above attractive condition !