i am under the impression that advertisement in general do not make people believe that the product that they aim at selling is better than they really are . actually , a far a i am concerned , i think that the purpose of an advertisement is to emphasize the quality of a good . of course , an advertisement will not highlight the defect of a good because it will not be attractive for people . the fact that a product is in reality not so better a it seemed is just a question of perception : it is a subjective problem . this brings u to the matter of the subjectivity . actually , one consumer can be satified by a good that he ha bought whereas another consumer will not . the satisfaction about a good 's quality is to be linked with what every consumer research in it . it seems to me that there are no general rule that tell anyone what quality are to be found in a specific good . it is up to each consumer to make up it mind . in that sense , to answer this question , we should make an opinion poll to know the people 's opinion about the quality they expected from the product and what they really think once they have received it . moreover i would like to mention the fact that before buying , you always have got the possibility to ckeck the product so that you can see by yourself if the product is what you expect it to be . i get the feeling that a good advertisement can make you think that what you will buy is a good product whereas in reality it is not . for example , if you buy a product that everybody know because everybody ha seen it advertisement , there will be a such phenomenom that everybody will want to posse it . this is the case of product that are said to be fashion . no matter how the quality of the good are : because the advertisement is well-known and attractive , the fact that it might not be a good product doe not matter . the fact that this product is attractive prevails . but one must bear in mind that in that case , the product is said to be good because you posse the last new product of a company and not because the product in question ha real quality . to put it into a nutshell , one could conclude by saying that the advertisement of a product ha taken so much importance nowadays that it could make u forget to ckeck if we really need it and if it satisfies u .