for many people around the world , travelling is a very precious opportunity to widen their perspective by seeing totally different sight and meeting different people people with various backgrouds . thus , making effective and productive plan for travelling is actually one of the key procedure in travelling . in numerous case , the travel agencis offer very effective travel plan with their year of know-how in the industry . therefore , i personally believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide from a travel agency . first of all , when one travel to a foreign place , the safety issue becomes very important . esapecially in famous tour site such a paris , rome and madrid , there are a great number of thief who can easily rob a tourist . it can be protected to a great extent by travelling in a grooup led by a tour guide . there is high possibility that tour guide know a great deal about the local situation . thus , one can travel safely in a group with tour guide . secondly , it is very hard for traveller to plan an effective schedule a he or she is not familiar with the visiting site . the tour guide can solve this problem . with more experience and know-how , the tour guide will show the tourist around the must-see site with the most effective transportation option , helping the tourist not to waste their time wondering around the city . for tourist the time they stay in their visiting place is extremely precious . by using a tour guide system , one would be able to save much more time than travelling alone . thirdly , by travelling in a group with a tour guide , one can meet with various traveller with the same interest in the visiting site . it is actually a great opportunity to meet a new group of people and share one 's feeling and perspective . whether it is a beautiful scenerie or a renowned monument , one can share his or her feeling about them with the people who had the same interest in that very place . sharing feeling and opinion while travelling can really enrich one 's mind and make that particular travel more worthwhile . personally i 've witnessed mamy case that friend who met each other during their travelling often end up dearly cherishing their friendship and memory . in conclusion , with these noticeable benefit of travelling in a group by a tour guide shown above , i strongly believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .