some people believe that it is more important for student understanding idea and concept than learn fact . however , i strongly disagree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and cocepts thatn it is for them to learn fact for the following reason . learnig fact is faster way to learn for student . for exaple , when i wa a sixteen year old , i had a first part time job , which wa joying an assembly line in a beer factory . i expected to the job wa going to easy and simple since i learned that the concept of assembly line and undersood how the assembly line worked . however , the job is not easy and simple at all . i had to focus on another people and think what should i do next . i made a lot of mistake and warned from the bos . even though , i understood how it worked and the concept , i did not what wa going to be fact , i did make the same or simillar mistake . however , one i knew the consequence i said myself i wa not going to make same mistake again . and i could learn to handle the job very fast . therefore , learning fact is a faster way to learn than understanding and concept . peole usually remember what they learn from fact . when i wa a six year old , i entered to an elementaly school in japan . first day of school , i wa not used to attending a school : therefore , i missbehaved such a not pay attention in class and talking with friend . even though , my parent told me i have to behave in class room . i had not know what wa going happen next , so i wasnot well bihave . teachers punished and warned me and i finally realized fact of missbihave in classroom . even now , i still remember and i do not think i am not going to forget since fact are really rememberble for me . theexpirience above show that learnig fact are easy to remember and stay longer than understanding idea and concept . students are be able to remember idea and concept because once they understood . but they can forget easily since they just understood in their brain . therefore , i totally agree with the statement that it is more important for student to learn fact than for them to undestand idea and concept .