i agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . not many young people are seen in community activity , and it seems like their interest is not at their local . three reason can be thought of when thinking about this issue . firstly , young people seem to be busy with their own life , and ha le interest in their own community . this is because their everyday life is basically at the achool or university . there , they study on subject they have interest in , and they may also be participating in a circle or an after school activitiy . it can be guessed that young people spend more time there , instead of helping out at local community . secondly , the community itself is not systematically organized for young people to participate . the problem of japanese society now is that the local community are not working out in many place because people have le contact with their neighbor . for example , in big city with people living in high building appartments , it is normal for people to not know most of the people who live there . you might see some people once in a while , but in a busy life , there is rarely a chance to really get together to form a community . therefore , young people do not spend time to help out in their community . lastly , the local community are mainly run by older people , such a people who have retired job and have more time . these people gather and organize community activity and spread it to neighbor . for example , it take time to organize an event in the community . you need to plan out thing to do , and also go knock on door to ask for participation . when there are not enough people , you struggle more and have to work harder . so it is natural to say that people who have more time ha more chance to participate and help out in the communitiy . this might be one of the reason that youg people spend le time in community when compared with older people . from these three point that i have stated above , i agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . young people might be energetic and be a big help , but when their interest is somewhere else , it is difficult to bring back their attention .