knowledge is more important than work . knowledge improves ur skill , ability to do work . to get a knowledge mainly by doing practical thing . knowledge play a important role in every student . it is a essential thing to every human . to get get knowledge we read different book and by practical application . i think tht to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . broad knowledge of many academic subject is more important . because knowing to all the subject we have a greater idea among all subject . it is applicable to undergraduate level . i suggest tht why it is imp to study or get knowledge from all thing tht we have a idea what will happened in our surroundings or in the society . if u do a job it is not only connected to ur subject but also to other llike how to manage a problem if u faced , and how to communicate with the other people . it is not only related to ur subject it also related with other subject . upto under graduate level u will study or have a knowledge from many other subject . it is useful to study a single subject mean to say tht specialization it is important in graduate level . in the undergraduate level u must get the knowledge from teacher . in that level u just know tht how this problem ha effect ? . how to solve the problem . to get more detail about tht topic teacher help and to teach u.they want to train u how the detail should be included to ur answer . by knowing the the all subject it wiil help to increse ur knowledge . but in graduation level u u need not want u train by the professor . at this time they want to preapare for their own . att this level speciualisation is important . i want to conclude tht it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject is more important . i think tht it is more impotant in the undergraduate level . to get the idea from many subject this is important while doing job and we shift to other country or place to know the knowledge about tht is so much helpable to u . by dont getting the knowledge from all subject it doe not help , and also any subject it doe not deal only tht topic it is interrelated with all other toppics . so i conclude that get knowledge from all other subject is important . in the undergraduate level .