when you travel in a group led by a tour guide you will know the most common places that are important and familiar for most of people . this way of traveling has many advantages because you have all things planned and you dont have to think on solving certain problems that you could have when traveling , like food , hotel and transportation to all places you want to see . if you have to get tickets for an important event or show you wiill not have any problems to get them . besides , you are spending you time with others and you will be safe in case of visiting a dangerous country . in addition , you will have specific times for every activity you decide to take and the warranty that you have a safe space in every transport you need to take . those are the good reasons you have for traveling in a tour guide . in my case i consider the best way to travel is when you do it by yourself and you plan all places you want to visit and the times you like to spend on every one . i do not like to be tied to others like when you have to be at specific time at a certain place because i think it is better when you are spontaneous and you act under the circumstances . for example when you got a place that you really liked if you were in a group you have to do what most of the group want and you are not free to decide what you want to . when visiting a different country the best way of knowing it is by going to many places and not only to visit the most popular ones . if you want to know the real food , the actual economical situation and the most important part , the people , you should go to common places not for the tourists but for the people that live in the country . if you want to learn or practice the language you should go to places where there is no helping people to do the things and speak for you in case of needing it . in a word , i agree the best way of traveling is when you do it by yourself and do the things you want to without considering asking other people and visiting only the popular places that you will not know very well because of time and people you are traveling with . i do not like tour guides .