i agree with this statement but there are some disadvantage i will not leave unmentioned . there are actually two question included in this statement . the travel in a group and the guide who lead the group . travelling in a group ha some fantastic aspect that can turn a journey into an adventure . if you travel with several people you will be able to share your impression , opinion and concern with them and you will have the chance to learn more about your `` travel-mates '' a well . furthermore you can do thing you could never afford when you are travelling on your own or only with your partner . for example renting a bus , a house or even a guide who ha some insider information for you . the guide is the second point i would like to talk about . taking part in a tour that is led by a guide includes the opportunity to see area and listen to information or story that are not available in a book or a magazine . you can see really hidden part of untouched nature or you can get a great tour in a museum with special information about certain artwork . if you join a guided tour with a group of friend you will share your new and exclusive knowledge with others . because ( if we are honest ) exclusive knowledge and impression are only interesing if someone can show off with them . at least for some of u . but there are some aspect of a guided group travel i do not appreciate . you alway have to consider the mood and the wish of all people within the group . consequently , you can not make everybody happy . there will almost always be at least one person who would like to do something different and he or she will be disappointed if this idea is rejected by the group . my concern about a guide are small but you have to think about them a well . when you pay for a guide you have a day that is usually exactly organized which is good because you want to get something for your money . on the other hand , there is no space for a break , some leisure and relaxing bcause the group ha to move on . you can not discover anything on your own you can not have your own little adventure with your partner . to sum this up i would like to give my own statement . a travel with a group led by a guide is a fantastic experience but there should be some space left to be alone or with your partner to relax , enjoy each other and discover the area on your own .