being young and old are different phase of the same life we live on earth . every man go through the young and old phase of his life or we might say most of them so he experience almost everything . i believe that young people more life than old people do . you spend most quality time in young age compared to old age a this is started by you entering into teen age which also known a the crazy age a everyone doe and experience most of the crazy thing in life at this age . for example when you are young and enter college you are in a world of mischief a world you create on your own only for you to enjoy ignoring all the consequence you may have to face . this is the first time you start bunking lecture on your own wish and go for movie , attending party , you donot attend party in old age . do you ? old people donot enjoy life a young people . most of the people in their old age are bedridden , having deseases , they hav undergone heart attack by this age . this keep you away from smoking , drinking and even dancing with your love ( your wife ) , in short the mean to enjoy life . love reminds me that young age enjoys the joy of asking the girl out for a first time in your life . it is a very joyous moment for the young guy experiencing it for the first time . later on in your life it becomes a habit and you want to take every girl on a date and shes ready if you are young . young people also get to experience the joy of the first day at work , everyone enjoys it and it different . then one day finally you get married to the girl you love and grow old with her and have kid . all these happy moment are experienced when you are young . however young people enjoy life not only because enjoying mean being happy . there is more to enjoyment than just happiness . the dark side , when thing start going wrong and you just can not help it . many people are scared of experiencing such challenge in life . i had a bad experince once in my life when everything atarted going wrong for me . nothing seemed to work and like everyone else i too wa sad and depressed . but i learned a lot from it . my bad time taught me a lesson in life and if it wer n't for those bad time i would n't have been what i am today . pain they say is inevitable , so why not turn a masochist . i have enjoyed my pain now and i feel what i am now , after what all happened to me give me more joy than anything else in this world . we can say that young age is the age when you start experiencing everything and old age is the age when you have experienced everything . so experiencing is better than having experienced .