to understand idea and concept is more important than to learn fact . for example , the math is the important subjcet to understand idea and concept . students are not able to learn math without understanding the idea and concpets . the korean teacher value to learn fact . as the result , the student can not understand the problem and use in the lifetime . the purpose of the learning is using in the life time . to learn the fact is required to understand idea and concept . the advantage of the human 's brain is enable to understand thing . the student are going to school to understand idea and concept . the purpose of the learning is using in the lifetime . without the understading , everything is usless even though the student can get good grade on the test by learing fact . the counter who ha shop next to my house is bad at counting . she told me that she already took the algebra and calculus class in her high school year . she is really bad at counting because the teacher teach only the fact of the mathmatics and ignores to understand how the fact got . understanding about the object , fact , idea , and concept affect how the student live their life . without understanding idea and concept , the student can not learn the fact . the fact are proved by understanding about the fact . facts is made by the person who understands about that fact and everyone could agree about that fact . undestading concept and idea directly relates with learning fact . the advantage of the human 's brain is enable to understand thing . many animal can memorized the fact . even the bird can memorize the fact and repeat it . if learning fact is more important than understanding idea , the robot and mamals can be replacing u . understanding about the human-being , object , idea and concept are the very important advantage that human ha . there are many thing that people can learn and understand . it is required to be aware of why the student are studying . to learn fact , student have to understand idea and concept . the purpose of the learning is using in the life time , so the student need to understand idea to use in the life time . the student can not learn the fact without understading the idea and concept . they need to use the advantage of the human brain which is enable to understand the idea and concept . understanding idea and concpets is more importnat than learning fact for student .