the statement here state that young people enjoy life more than older people do . i believe this depends on how you percieve life a . everyone ha his own opinion about life . according to me young people enjoy life more than old people do . we will discus more on this in the following passage . firstly , young people have an advantage of their age to do a lot of thing that old people are restricted to . when you are young your body is more flexible and supportive to get moulded in any kind of condition . and you can work a hard a you can , you can go for night out at college or at work , you can stretch your working schedule a much a you want but the same is not true with old people . in old age your body becomes weak and unsupportive to harsh condition . a classic example would be life at college campus . young student are seen to be pro-active in study a well a in extra-curricular activity . they tend to enjoy a lot , do a lot of thing in a lesser time and at a faster pace . old people can not do this kind of work at their age . secondly , when you are young you have so many thing unexplored in life which keep you enthusiastic and interested in life . so a young people work harder and achieve their goal and experience in life they get a lot of satisfaction and hence a lot of enjoyment . apart from work the youngster are also keen towards love and romance in life which play a major role in enjoying life with a partner . even the body at young age is very good for romancing and enjoying . lastly , though old people are usually settled and have a quite good money to spend they can enjoy a lot of wealthy thing . they also have a lot of leisure time to spend and enjoy life . but since body basic are not the same a young age and they do n't have much to do in life because of many restriction such a health problem or some disease or problem like can not exert body much and so they cannnot enjoy life much . to sum it up , young people see and experience a lot many thing in life than the old people at their stage , a old people had already went through these stage and doe not have much to do . young people have a lot of freedom and interest in doing thing . so a per the view and example expressed above i believe young people enjoy life more than old people do .