first of all , it 's hard to say if there will be or if there wo n't be fewer car in twenty year than there are today . this issue ha to be discussed , and both point of view have to be advocated through good and reliable argument . on the one hand , i think that the number of car will increase in the next two decade . indeed , there will be more people allowed to pas the driving license . everyday , the earth population is increasing so , it 's mathematicly logical that there will be more car in the next twenty year . furthemore , i think that there will be more automobile because of , or should i say `` thanks to '' , the development of tourism . along the year , people have used to use the car for going on vacation for exemple . as well , the more the society is changing and evoluating , the more people can provide them with a car , this locomotion mean is no longer a good for rich people . as well , we live in a period where it ha become natural to use our car . nowadays , we take the car to go to the supermarket a well a to go to the butchery with is 500 meter far from our house . because of the development of the automobile industry , we have become completely lazy or , at least , we tend to become very lazy . .. on the other side , i think it 's possible that there will be fewer car in the next twenty year : a a matter of fact , people are more concerned about the environment and we can see the emergence of new environmental organisation struggling against car pollution . furthemore , the governement might have planned to make downtown paris , a discrict where people will have to pay for entering it . in london , the congestion charge wa implemented a couple of year ago and there is fewer car and le pollution in the center of the british capital city , according to the environmentalist people . moreover , a lot of people take the commun transport to go to work , to go out at night so , why would this change ? a lot of inhabitant of paris have understood that it wa more simple to move by the subway or bus instead of by car . my last argument will be that the cost of oil will increase for sure . .. that will be prevent people for using their car a they usually do !