to understand idea and concept is very important , but not more important than to understand fact . at the contrary , i would say that the order in which they know both thing is the real point . i think that if you want understand fact , you need to know before well idea that are at the base of them . behind the fact there always are concept . that is why when the student go to school , they need an education from their parent before . mainly the education in family is the base which teacher can build on . exactly like when it need the house to built the roof . so , concept and idea , learnt when they were child , and improved by going to school , and reading book and studying , must be strong and very clear , to build the fact on . a very good example is to study history . when a student study history , he/she would need to know some clear idea , to understand well which are the cause of a war , which think and feeling were involved to cause a war . when they know the idea , they will figure out easily the consequence of the act of the war , caused by idea . but especially , to understand the very central concept of every-day life is important to live in harmony with other people . they should know which are the right behaviour to live in their society , and these they should learn by their parent , and by growing up with their friend . as a consequence , they will be able to apply the idea to their life , and to transform the concept in act . however , if they had understood only the consequence of idea , the fact , they would not deeply have comprehend what there is behind them . in other word , if they know the cause , they can use them to figure out the fact . to sum it up , i think it is important for student to have a deep and strong background of idea and concept about central point of which are the right and wrong behaviour , and about evrything about the life in general , to be able to use them and transform in and understand the fact , for all the duration of their life .