i do n't think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . it can be very convenient , of course : for example you do n't have to think about anything ( for instance car hiring , hotel , restaurant , museum ticket ... ) ; you simply sit down in the bus and enjoy the trip . furthermore , the guide is supposed to know everything about the place you visit and so she ( or he ) can tell you interesting story about , a well . at the same time , though , travelling in a group led by a guide ha a lot of disadvantage that , according to me , are not worthy . first of all , you have to respect a strict and not flexible timetable ; you ca n't choose what you want to visit or where you want to eat , for example . usually during tour there are thousand of thing to do ( and some of them pretty awkward ) so you do n't have enough time to enjoy the place you see along the way ; in many case you have just the time to get off the bus , take a picture and go back to the bus again . then , having to follow this strict plan , you ca n't ask to stop when you see something you think is really nice , even to take a picture . and , above all , you can stop to go to the toilet just when the plan tell that you are allowed to ! sometimes you are obliged to do thing you do n't like , a well . for example climbing a mountain even if you are afraid of it or sleeping in a camping where there is no water at all , except for a river in which `` friendly '' crocodile live . last , but not least , you never know people you will travel with : if you are lucky they will be very nice and you could go on with them quite well . on the contrary , if you are not lucky , you could have to stand for some day ( or a couple of week , that is even worst ) the company of a group of people that you really dislike , very different from you , sometimes very boring , sometimes too excited . all these thing considered , together with my personal experience , make me prefer a journey by myself or with some very reliable friend .