i strongly agree with the statement that it is important for the student to understand the idea and basic concept of the particular course they are learnig . simply learning the course will only get them minimal grade if it is a theoretical subject . but the few subject which require the in-depth basic knowledge would surely not work in favor of such student . i can elaborate on this from my personal experience . during my graduation course in mechanical engineering i came across diversified subject . few of them were really not of my very interest but i cleared those subject with the utmost concentration and honesty . subjects like engineering drawing , design of machine element , dynamic of machinery , etc really requires a great in-dept knowledge and strong basic concept . what we learn from the text book is just from theoretical point of view but at the same time to relate it with the actual practical experince is very difficult . if the student ha all his basic knowledge about the subject clear then he can really relate the book information with the practical field . if a student is having his basic concept clear about the subject then he can really continue to learn more about that subject and will be able to grasp on that topic more easily . simply learing the subject because it is mentioned in the syllabus is no good . this type of attitude will not result any thing positive in his/her favor . for any one having a partial or superficial knowledge is dangerous . such student after their graduation when enter into relative company will find very difficult to acclimate themself with the type of work being done . because they do n't actually know how the particular process is caried out or how the particular machine work . at that time they will try and learn about that process which they are actually supposed to do in their graduation course . at the same time student who ha donw with his graduation course with utmost interest and honesty will enjoy working out in the company and will ascend the success ladder must faster than the le interested student . in all , student should always try and relate the thing which they have learned in book with the practical knowledge ; which every one learns during his/her daily life . when a person relates his work or try to explain the concept about a particular topic to another person he not only help the other person but also bolster his own confidence and knowledge about that subject . person can do this only if he ha a good understanding about the subject .