advertisements are made for the sole purpose of increasing customer purchase . the goal of advertisement itself make it inevitable for advertisement to make product seem better than they really are . in an memoir by a former copy writer augusten burroghs , the author look back on his experience in the advertisement field and describes how he felt disgusted when he wa forced to create a fake image around a product . he wa assigned to make an advertisement for a shampoo . his copy told people that the shampoo will give your hair full body and make it look like silk . the truth wa , consumer in the sample group complained that the shampoo smelled like bubble gum and made their hair greasy . in this case , the advertisement wa clearly portraying a false feature of the product . another method that advertiser use to make product seem better is artificially creating image around the product . an example is an budwiser advertisement . the advertisement displayed image of young woman and men in their twenty , holding a bottle of beer in their hand and dancing , looking a if they were having the best time of their life . all the woman and men in the advertisement were gorgeous and were portraryed a if they had no worry at all . this advertisement connects the euphoric image of youth with a bottle of beer . research doe show that alcohol generally elevates mood slightly . however , there are serious side affect of drinking alcohol that are not portrayed in this advertisement . for example , severe drinking is not good for your health and in some case , may even jepordize your life . also , drinking may lead to judgement impairment and many drunk people make mistates which they would have not made if they were in a more conscious state . the problem with this advertisement is that it is not portraying any of these negative consequence of drinking . as consumer , we should be critical about the advertisement that we see . the purpose of advertisement is to persuade u to buy product and persuasion work by only showing the positive aspect of a product which may even be fake in some case . it is critical to consider the negative aspect of the product that the advertisement are not showing u . by doing so , consumer will be able to make better purchase decision .