some people agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . however , i disagree with the statement for the following reason . most importantly , idea and concept are tool for people to make fact clear and simple . in other word , idea and concept are not necessary if there is no fact related to the concept . for example , unversity student in a department of counseling should learn a lot of concept and idea for the treatment . specifically , there is one important concept , which is the reciprocate theory of self-disclosure . that is , people are likely to disclose themselves , when others disclose themselves to the people . this is a conceptual theory . however , though a lot of practice session the student conduct , they gradually know that there are many case where the concept can not be applicable . in other word , even if the counselor discloses herr/himself , the client will not share her/himself . at that time , student should learn that there are many exception which concept and idea can not apply to . as shown above , student need to learn fact first and they also should know idea and concept are tool which help themselves to see the fact clearlly and simply . additionally , fact are more persuasive to student regarding to learning . as i mentioned above , student study many concept and idea for the counseling , such a person-centered method and cognitive method . however , sometimes , these concept do not help student understand what counseling is because of the abstractness . then , knowing and learning fact help them understand important thing more convincingly . for example , the student sometimes visit client home and have an interview with the client . at that time , student may see the fact . that is , they will find that the main cause of the depression come from the terrible family relationship or the main cause come from their past experience they want to forget . these fact which the student will find will be more persuasive to student and the student will be able to know and feel what the counseling is , what the counseling can do for them , and how the counseling work . in other word , fact a more persuasive to student regarding to their leaning . in conclusion , some people agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . however , i disagree with the statement for these reason .