today there are more number of car on the road then perhaps the people walking on the road which clearly mean that most of the people own a car . but i firmly believe that in twenty year from now fewer number of car would be running on the road . this would directly imply that the traffic condition would improve in the future . governments everywhere are taking effective step to improve the public transportation system which would mean incorporation of bus , metro service and sky train in the public transport system . so in time to come , people would prefer to move through public transport a it would be hassle free , time saving and money saving . in time to come the price of the fuel like petroleum and diesel are expected to rise up drastically which would mean that only few people would have the capability to afford it . so only very few people would be in a position to travel in their own car . this would also cause reduction in the number of car in year to come a most of the people would have to look for alternative option to travel in order to save money . people today are beoming more aware about the enviornmental damage caused by the harmful gas emitted from vehicle such a car . so more and more people are opting for option like car pool in case several people have to go to the same place . this mean lesser number of car running on the road . also people are preferring public transport for this reason of enviornmental damage . so this awareness about the enviornmental damage would continue to increase manifold in time to come and hence lesser number of car would run on the road in the future . so the possible conclusion can be that in the present scenario almost every earning individual owns a car due to reason of comfort and also because car are considered a status symbol . but in time to come people would prefer other mean of transportation rather than moving in their own car because of the better public transportation system , high fuel price and enviornmental damage .