i am totally disagree with this idea . there are some key reason for the disaggrement . in today 's world , development continue at very high rate , so this circumstance requires dividing the subject into some number of part . this is also valid for academic subject , since academic life is directly related to development process . you must look at the procedings , provide some new idea and make it real . this mean that you will add someting that will be work on it for the further time , maybe it will be another subject which will be considered a a new branch . the main reason can be listed a diversity of a subject , the new idea on them and turning the idea to real . first of all , we can examine the situation of expansion of the subject that is a academic one . today every academic person work to provide some invention or development about their field . what is the way of solving problem about a subject that is studied ? the most effective way of this is dividing it into some reasonable number of part . for instance , think about the biology , it is a huge area that academic people work on it , but when you look at the academic life , you can see one important thing which is the subject ha been divide into many part such a microbiology , plant system , genetic science etc . we can find many other subject that are worked on them , today . why did they divide the subject ? actually , the answer is obvious , many people work on it and the area is expanded , to solve the problem a quicky a possible you must work like a team that the member work for a specific part of it . secondly , we can think the situation that is alive about new idea . actually , this is about the expansion process , but we must think this a separate part . academic people work on many subject and they try to put some new idea into the field . how can affect these idea the division process ? the new idea mean the new woorking area , think the one of the most invention called computer and it acedemic side . the computer came out from the electrical and electronical progress . that is , the people who study for the development of electrical process thougt an idea about usage of electricity a bit ( 1 and 0 ) in the scale of current . after this idea , the related academic filed started to thinking it and provided some other developed idea that required to create a new branch of study . so , they divided the electrical and electronical field into two . this is also valid for today and we can combine this approach with the development process . because , these new successfull research theory . new development have gone out . that is , all of them like the example make the area bigger and bigger . as a result , this need a division for being faster about academic improvement . finally , we must aware of the process that is division is neccessary for being developped at a higer rate . this make me being disaggre with the idea that is stated .