in the world we live in today , education is one of the most valuable asset a person can have . if we where to be living in the 19th century , it would be better to have borad knowledge of many academic subjets than to specialize in one specific thing . during those age , specialization wa not very important . it wa more important if one had a broad knowledge of many subject . one can see that for example , taylorism , which wa basically a new form of working in plant ( it wa based in speciallization of worker and a good management so that worker would n't loose time ) , wa only taken into account during the first part of the twentieth century with the arrival of the production line invented by henry ford . before that , people did n't take into account specialization , because there wa no need to . there were no procesess involving specific action or function . nevertheless , we are not living in the 19th centruy . we are already in the twenty first , where a carrer is very important . the more one study , the more probable is that one will do well in their future . the world is becoming every day more and more competitive . every year , there are million of people who go into the labour market , and compete between themselves for a better job . the only way to differentiate a potential good job applicant form a bad , one is the study they have . if one applicant ha studied a lot , and the other ha not , it is more probable that the one who ha better study will get the gob . besides that , there is the subject of specialization in specific area . nowadays , firm are demanding very specific kind of worker . workers who have specialized in very specific area , in which other worker would not be able to perform the task . this type of demand for specific worker is becoming greater and greater every day . this is why one would think that , living in the competitive world that we live today , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject .