the number of car people own is always cited in paper or article when judging a nation economic and transportation development . from some scholar and economist ' perspective , the more a society posse , the better-off it citizen are . this is why some people predicts that there will be much more car in use in twenty year than there are today because the global economy is booming prosperously . however , a far a i am concerned , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . the reason are a follows : for the first thing , a people are concentrating on economic development in differnt society , almost everyone in the world are paying more and more attention to protecting the environment . cars , which consume fuel and give off a lot of waste air , are then objected by a large number of environmentalist . the development in china is a typical example . twenty year ago , heavy industry and factory mushroomed with no regard of what harm they might do to the environment . after experienced a serie of frustration of the polluted water , contaminated ground and deforested plant , today chinese people have come to know how to combine economic development and environment protection . as a result , people are encouraged to use car a little a possible . for the second thing , fuel in the whole world is in short . it is reported just two day ago in cctv news that the price of fuel in chinese market ha risen again because of the lack of fuel all around the world . as the natural resource are so limited , we have to consider what we can leave to our offsrings if we keep consuming them at such a high degree . so , if we limited the number of car in use , we can make significant contribution to reserving the natural resource . admittedly , to limited the number of car in use may cause some inconvenience to some people . for example , those who working far from home everyday may feel worried . in order to solve this problem , i recommend that the government take measure to develop transport vehicle that do not consume fuel and thus do no harm to the environment such a underground . for other people who do n't have to go very far to work everyday , they can go by bicycle . in conclusion , a the natural resource are limted and a the environment need to be procted by everyone , we should use car le . then in twenty year there will be fewer car in used than there are today .