there are two idea about knowledge . one encourages the person to have extensive knowledge of his/her academic subject and the other think that one should have knowledge of many academic subject . the subject should be discussed in term of the efficency that knowledge would enhance the person to . altough knowledge add much to a person general culture , specialization would let scientific truth to be turned on . broad academic knowledge , would give much to a person because of the ability that knowledge provides to think in different way . when a person get to inforamation in different subject , his ability of thinking improves . the reason of this matter is that when a person learns about an academic subject , it is required to learn it logic behind too and the different logic let the one of thinking in different way . in this way having a broad knowledge seems more effiecnt for a person . another subject that should be concerned is the general culture that a broad academic knowledge would come with . this would both let the person to have a better social life and also provide him/her to get a knowledge about a veriety of subject that he/she is interested in . despite the adventages of having a broad knowledhge , specializing on a specific academic subject ha an adventage of leting one to know the nearly every information possible . when a person specializes only on one matter , one could lead to new discovery and improvement on the subject he or she is studying . in this way , specializing in one specific subject would let one to go further to the limit of his/her subject . itlooks better than to have a broad knowledge because one could give something useful to the society by specializing . to sum up , it would be better for individual to make their own choises to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject or to speciazlize in one specific subject . if to have a broad knowledge is choosen , that would provide on to have a nicer life full of different knowledge that may lead to different point of view but specializing on one subject would let the person to invent or to discover some improvement .