all the people need to renew their routine in the holiday with their friend and family , and they can do many thing to do that . they can go to movie theater , sport game , and many thing . nowadays , we can notice the most common way to renew the routine is travel to another country or state . some people like to travel alone with their family because they think the other people will bother them , and they 're afraid of meeting bad friend . others like to travel with a group by a tour guide . i think the second way to travel is better than the first one because the reason which i 'll discus in this essay . in a first , people may feel bored if they travel only with their family because they 're with their family all the time , and they need to meet new friend to make the tour more exciting . for example , if a family travel with their child , the child will feel like playing with another kid who ha a many common with him . also , the father and the mother like to meet people like them to talk about what they like to talk about such a the mother like to talk with other woman about many subject that she ca n't talk about them with her child or husband . therefore , this advantage will help all the family member to enjoy their time , and if they like to be alone with no people , they can ask the tour guide that they want to go out side alone for a while . moreover , if you travel to the most wonderful country in the world , you wo n't be happy if you do n't know where you can go or what the good place you can visit . you need someone who know a lot about the country which you 're planning to visit with your family or friend . in this case , a tour guide can help you to enjoy in your tour , and he can show you the best place in the country you want to visit , and he can also tell you information about the country and it history . i think this is an important advantage because you do n't want to only to enjoy in your tour . you want to benefit also and know information about the country which you want to visit . in brief , maybe traviling alone ha some advantage also . however , i prefer to travel with a group led by a tour guide for the reason which i discussed above , and i beleive that this is the best way to travel with your family or friend because you wo n't enjoy only , but you will enjoy and benefit .