to become a more experienced a erudite person , one would have to have broad knowledge of many academic rather than just one . i strongly agree with the following statement : `` it s beter to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than t specialize in one specific subject '' . for instance , a ballerina would be a more respectful and better artist if she only knew so much about physic . dancing ha so much to do wth physic . in order to be able to lift herself in the air and rotate her body at a certain speed she would need to have had taken course in physic . being more knowledgeable in so many accademics would increase her chance of success . i 'd have to say that a broader knowledge of many academic would be very similar to biology . in order to understand the human body you need to learn more about all the organism instead of just focusing on one , and how they are linked to each other , also how they would benefit the system . that is why when one is studying biology in college , he or she would have to study for a certain amout of year about biology in general to find out how thing link themselves and how they function all together . if this statement were incorrect then why would school offer a variety in course ? they might do so to prepare a student for life but in specializing in one specific subject they would have to be more ignorant of what is going on around him/her . it is essential that many gain a broader knowledge of many academic subject thant to specialize in one specific subject because that much variety would lead to a better understand in other subject . everything is linked together in space and in our society . if we were to specialize in one spefic domain we would have to leave out a great amount of interesting and intriguing information that would be very helpful in certan situation . considering the example of the ballerina . if she were to walk on the street alone and suddenly she just fell and injured herself . and if no one were here to assist her then she would have to do it herself . in order to do so she would have had taken class in health care or any course that are similar to biology . if she doe not cure her wound then she would ruin her future . professional ballerina are very concered about their health and their well being . `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one sepecific subject '' because of how the word is linked together . they all the sensation are in the foot . to heal a person one would have to press on a certain location on a foot to stop the pain .