cars which are the most typical transportation are widely used by the people all over the world . but lately people found that car also should responsible for the serious air pollution . so , according to this reason , many people requires the government to restrict the number of the car and they believe that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenty year . i do n't quite agree with this statement for following reason . though too many car will pollute the air , it is a convenient way to travel by car . and this thought will not change for only a couple of score . there may be many kind of transportation , such a bus , subway , plane , ship and so on , but not can be compared a car . take me for an example , if i want to go to a supermarket which is 4 mile away from my home , what transport would i first consister ? of cause the car ! i do n't want to waste my time to wait for a bus , it is unable to take plane or ship and the subway station is far away from my house . in conclution , unless we invent another kind of transportation , car wil still become the best transportaion in decade the biggest problem of the car , everyone can tell , is the waste air and smoke . cars use gasline a their power and release harmful gas which pollute the air . gasline may be run out and air should never be polluted . however , this problem can be solved . recently , many car builder have invent new car that use solar power rather than gasline . this is sure to help protect our natural resource and our environment . the overcrowed road may be the second biggest problem . many of people think that we must solve it , otherwise we will hard to move efficiently . but this problem is due to the over-growing population , it 's not the car ' fault . if the population decrease , this problem will not exsit . so this is not the excuse not using the car . all in all , we must find a positive way to solve the problem . using the solar power and solve the road problem , the car will still be useful and helpful . as a result , the car will not decrease in twenty year .