do young people really enjoy life more than older people do ? generally spoken , probably not many would refute the statement , that younger people enjoy life more than the elder . this essay try to come up with some theory about the reason for this common oppinion . first of all , every old person happened to be young once . this mean they probably partied , travelled , hang around with friend , laughed , joked , went to the public pool , and did everything else what ( young ) one would identify a `` enjoying life '' . as they became older , the preference of `` enjoying '' changed continually . maybe they founded a family and got child or the started a successful carrer . they surely had pleasure with this part of their life a well . as they became old , they retired from their job and their child were young woman and men themselves . once again their side of view about `` enjoying life '' changed . they now have time to collect stamp , reading book , spending time with their grandchild , and so on . one would say , they became wize and settled down . they look back on their life and enjoy what they achieved . of course these are example of lucky and happy people . there are also many retired who sit all they in some pub and get drunk . as well there are many young one behaving rather `` boring '' compared to others . but these are rather the exception to the rule . these statement clearly point out that it is very difficult and probably not consistent to compare the joy of life between young and old . first , it is hard to find a possible definition of what `` enjoying life '' mean . second , there is an existence of a kind of conflict between the view of the generation themselves about the meaning of `` enjoying life '' . there is no way for a fair comparability between the joy of life of the two position , old and young . therefore i conclude with the statement that both young and old enjoy their life equally strong , but in a very different way . while the young one have an urge to express themselves and show their way of enjoying , the elder enjoy more for themselves , intristic and quiet .