most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . this selling techinque is used to attract customer . the advertisement mostly over-emphasis the multi-functions , the graurantee refund policy , and the price of the product . most of the product are stated that they have more than one funtion . for example , there are multi-functions of the most chinese herbal tea . if you drink such kind of tea , more than one type of disease , such a headache , stomach hurt , heart burn , and even fat burning , you can be healed . however , most of the product from the advertisement do not state clearly how long the proclaimed effect will be work ed out when you buy the product . besides , most advertisemets emphasize that there is a hundred percentage of confidence for the refund policy . if you are not satisfied with the product after you purchase it , you will get back all your money when you send back the product to the company . however , such kind of policy ha limited return time an specific condition . for example , if you want to return a bottle of moisturising cream , you will have hundred percentage refund only within a week of purchasing , and not more than one-third of the cream is used ; otherwise , you are not eligibled to make such kind of claim . moreover , the price of the product you seem in the advertisement is much cheaper than what you want to buy . for example , the price of a dress in the advertisement is about 9.99 dollar per item . however , this price is only for limited item or limited to specific store , color or size . as a result , you will pay more than what you espected . in addition , most of the price listed in the advertisement is not inculded the tax or the shipping fee . so you will paid higher prize for the product , rather than it is listed in the advertisement . so we have to check all the detail about the product we want to buy . do not believe what you see from the advertisement totally . we have to become a smart customer .