while there are argument to both , according to me , i believe that people , who are succesful , tend to take risk because they often develop new product and are requested by big company . on the other hand i have to admit that also a more passive way can lead to success . above all , statistic show that the most succesful people in business are people , who had an invention or did something that wa never done before . every year a list with the richest people on earth is introduced . chiefly all people mentioned there created something new . bill gate , the inventor of the famous computer operation system window , for instance wa the first man , who created a platform , which can be used to on home computer . now he is the richest man on earth . furthermore , i believe that big company looking for employee , who are able to invent creative method in order to run the business successfully . if a person try out different way and take calcular risk it show a certain kind of inteligence . moreover , a person , who tried a lot of different thing in life ha a bigger experience . for that reason big company might prefer someone for higher position , who may experienced certain crisis in order to prevent the company doing step , which lead to the crisis . a friend of mine wa working during the boom period of the it/companies , and made a lot mony during the development of the internet . even , if his firm broke down this knowlege he had accquired during this time helped him to get another job . however , i can imagine why people might think that people although can be succesful even , if they are not risky . my father , for example , never did something else in his job : he only checked the financial booking . he did it for almost 40 year . day by day he did the exactly the same procedure , but during the year he became so skilled doing this that it is really improved his career . he started at the bottom and wa only responsible for the booking of one particual sort of product for one district . nevertheless , he made it to the top of a big eletronic company in germany . generally , i support the idea that people , who are more risky are more succesful in earning money than people , who doing what they are used to do . on the other hand , i have to admid that if you do one special jo very god you can be succesful , too .