i agree with the statement . young people enjoy life more than older people . there are several reason for me to support the statement . first of all , because they are young , they will have lot of energy and curiosity to try several thing in the world . most of the young people have very few responsibilites towards their family . when parent provide all the amenity what all they wanted , they have nothing to worry , so they can enjoy alot . most of the time young people will be healthy which give them enthusiasm to enjoy thier life . but still not all the young people enjoy lot , some people will have lot of familily burden if his or her parent passed away or can not looking them properly . so they will earn their bred and butter their own . they even provide financial support to the family . that kind of young people are more matured , so they enjoy and feel happy helping their family . older people can not enjoy a much a young people do , the first reason is , they have more responsibilites towards familily . they have to look after their child , they have to provide good education to them and they need to earn sufficiently for the survival of the family . moreover once they become little older they will concentrate more on the responsibilies , status and their reputation in the society . so they will have very le interest towards the enjoyment . in fact they enjoy by looking at their child 's enjoyment . another reason is when a person become old , many of the people will suffer from various health problem , even those problem make them dull and hamper their enjoy . for example , i always observe two of my neighbour 's child . they always wanted to visit some or the other place to visit . they never bother for their study . whenever i ask them why do not they bother for study and always want to roam here and there , they always give me one answer , this is only the time to enjoy , once we become little older , then need to serious about careen and then marriage , then family extention and then taking care of them , so we never be free of problem to enjoy a we are now . in a nutshell , i do agree that young people will enjoy lot when compare with older , because they are free from responsibilies and problem . they are healthy and more energitic .