i agree with the statement `` sucessful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . it is a well known proverb `` no risk no gain '' . when someone think about some idea or plan that is not common , he work diligently over it and try to accomplish his dream . all the scientific invention are based on this idea . if the scientist follow only the traditional pattern then there will be no new invention and our society would n't have been a developed a it is today . right brother thought of a flying vehicle and this wa not a conventional idea that time but they followed their instinct and worked hard for it and invented aeroplane . and today we all know them for this accomplishment and it contributed a lot to our civilazation . taking risk at time worth a the end result are more beneficial and pathbreaking . if we do not try new thing our life becomes boring and le challenging . it is a well known fact that in business , at time some great business man a mr. henery ford created a new vision and inplementes it successfully . if he had n't taken the risk we would n't known him a a leading businessman . it is a fact that we all want to do thing that we know well rather than trying something new a it envolves le risk and the chance of failure are reduced but to achieve something extraordinary we are required to take chance in our life . as an ordinary approach towards life will yeild only an ordinary result . there will not be any opportunity to achieve something that is not streotype . all the achiever in the history are known for their adventurous spirit instead of taking the safe side and sticking to their regular job . i can personally state this because my brother who did his enguineering , instead of doing a regular job opted to study further in a world known university . for this he took a loan from the bank and taken a big risk but today he is successfully working a an interbnational aeronatical expert and repaid all the sum . his sucess taught me to dream big and work hard to achieve it . conclusively i stongly support this policy of taking risk and gaining more friutful result .