i do not think that the best way to travel is with a group led by a tour guide . first , if you limit yourself to the movement and decision of one group , say of people from your own country , you may not be able to know the local and learn from their worldviews and tradition . how many time have you seen a packed group of tourist interacting only among themselves and thinking that the guide 's opinion and belief represent the opinion and feeling of all the community ? when visiting another country or place , i like melting with the local , meeting a many people a i can and learning directly from their everyday actitivies and their own idea . second , you may think that tour guiding visit are more informative or convinient in term of time and money . however , truth is that many time guided-tours are more expensive and time consuming than individual , self-informed visit . tour guide in costa rica for example usually charge excessive amount of money to tourist for activity that would not be so expensive if done alone or with the help of a local friend . depending on the site you are visiting , in a guided-tour you will only get the information that ha been included in the guide 's `` menu '' and , sometimes , this information may not be a accurate a you think . for example , in costa rica many time tour guide are brought from a different place just because they know the language of the tourist or because they have more education than local . they were not born in the place or city where they work and , therefore , they frequently do not know all the particular detail of the place or it hidden history . guided-tours are usually only offered in certain schedule that may not be the most suitable for your interest . besides , you may fall into the trap of overplanning your trip , and end up stressed by the pressure of getting up early to catch the shuttle or having to comply with time-limited break for breakfast , lunch or going to the bathroom . finally , in guided-tours you have to follow the pace of the group when walking around the hall of a museum or an old church . if alone , you can stop whenever you want , skip what you considere unimportant or just going somewhere else . definitely , guided-tours and traveling in a group is not a fascinating a traveling on your own , having the time to interact with local , taking certain risk that will definitely enrich your experience abroad and will give you enough material to entertain your friend and family back at home .