i fully agree with the claim that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . this method of teaching ha been widly known and are having using through student all over the world . and i agree with this method becaus i believe student requires full understanding of concept therefore they could have longer knowledge , and create their own thought through understanding the concept . first of all , the most effective way to learn thing would be understanding concept and idea . since student get to undertand it concept or the idea , it make them to fully understand it and also , it remains in student mind and it becomes part of their knowledge for longer than when they learn it fact . for instant , from my personal experience , i only remember few mathmatical formula or the scientific term that i have memorised when i wa in middle school . moreover , i could only memorise few thing even from last year which that i have learned fact . on the other hand , i can crystalize thing that i have experienced . for instance , i have clear momory that i have learned from experiment in biology class which i experienced in younge age . in fact , understanding idea and concept are very importand to student and are more effective way to learn than it is for them to learn fact . second of all , understanding the concept make student able to thing further more . interestingly , most of the great inventeries such a phone and computer were came from basic understanding of the concept . thus , sometimes fact work well for student to learn complex thing . however , when student get to understand it 's concept or the idea , it make numuries thing becaue it lead them to think more spreadly and widely . in conclusion , it is best way for student to learn new thing a creative way , and a perfect way when they understand idea and concept rather than when they only learn fact . moreover , education should work student to understand it concept such a art and life experience .