in answer to the given question , i will first focus on the perspective of a prospective university student who is trying to decide on a field of study . should he rather follow his multifold interest or concentrate on one specific subject ? in recent year , many new , multi-disciplinary major have been created at german university , such a `` philosophy & economics '' or `` cultural studies '' , which incorporates study in ecnomics , politics , law , language and regional culture . for a student faced with such a choice , i would always recommend to opt for one specific subject . i believe that multi-disciplinary study can only convey a superficial knowledge of the various field they cover . within the spectrum of his study that usually last three year ( for a bachelor 's degree ) , the student will study so many different issue that he/she is never given enough room to fully penetrate any of them . especially for student who have not yet decided on a specific career , studying various academic subject all at once will confuse them rather than focus their thought . in contrast to this , a student who decides on one traditional field of study such a law or economics will at least have solid training in that specific field , which equips him/her for a pre-specified career . the student can then either follow this career or make a conscious decision to choose another path , rather than just being confused by a variety of rudimentary knowledge and not having learned to prioritize . to make my point clear , i believe that it is crucial to have a fundamental training in one specific academic subject . however , this doe not imply that your academic thinking should be restricted to that field only . if the purpose of academic work is to find solution to real-world problem , then it is absolutely necessary to incorporate different viewpoint into your reasoning because one discipline alone will never cover all aspect of an issue . in this sense , i would say that it is important to be apt in one specific subject in order to make profound statement , but other academic subject should never be entirely neglected .