i do not agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . still , i have to clarify from the start that i do not believe either that older people enjoy life more than younger people do . in my opinion , this is just a statement too general . it always depends on the respective living condition and on external factor such a the family situation , the region in the world one life in , personal health etc . moreover , there are numerous young people that are depressive and do not know what to to with their life because of missing perspective due to high unemployment rate or bad social condition , while many older people enjoy their life because they have already accomplished something and they can look at thing more relaxed . however , others would state that it must be the other way round and would expect most older and elderly people to suffer from disease , loneliness and the feeling of being abandoned by society while they would claim young people to be full of happiness and energy because everything is still possible for them . besides the controversy of this statement , i would say that in general it can be easier to enjoy life when you are older , only with regard to the financial situation . i assume that it is often the case that you have more time to travel and do the thing you would enjoy most while you are young , but you simply do not have the money . likewise , many retired people fulfill their dream when they are old because it is only then that they have both the time and the money to do what plea them . in addition , also working people are able to lead a better life than the young because they are independent and can choose how to spend their money according to their wish . consequently , one could also imply that older people enjoy their life more because they have waited to do so all their life and are only now able to appreciate their exclusive situation , while young people do not reflect a much about what they are actually doing and experiencing . still , it might be exactly this characteristic that make life easier and more enjoyful and fun for young people . their life is not a complex and restricted a that of older people who have certain responsibility and duty to think of first . younger people are free to do what come on their mind and do not have to think about possible implication immediately a they do not have a many posessions and belonging a older people . one ha to keep this freedom in mind if one discus the above statement . in summary , it is not an easy question to answer whether old or either young people are leading a happier life . however , i think one should try to make the best of life - at every age .