nowadays young people tend to be only concerned about stupid thing , like thier friend and their physical aspect , and they do not help their community at all . young people do not understand that our society will only work if we take care of it , because the society is made up of people and without them it will be nothing at all . therefore we should start helping in our community . during summer i usually help the community of my town , that ha the job of feeding old people in their retirement house . we are always looking for people that can help u , because it is a pretty hard work , but people of my age prefer to waste their summer time sleeping or playing videogames rather than helping people that truly need some help . i am totally disgusted in seeing how much our society ha destroyed the value of generosity and unselfishness . money are now considered one of the most important aspect of our life and we tend to forget that there are more important moral value that we should care about . in my opinion people should spend at least 2 month of their life doing some community service , because it is a great experience that completely change your life and open your mind . before i started my job in my community i wa kind of skeptic , because i wa afraid that the reality i wa going to face wa too hard for me , but know after three summers i worked in the field i can say that i am changed : now , i care more about other people and i always try to see the positive side of every situation , because i understood that there will always be people with more difficulty than me . anyway if someone chooses to help his community , there will be ton of possibility from helping old people a i do , or working with disable people or participating in a youth group . however convincing people to help is extremely hard if we do not change our society a little bit before . i think television should give more relevance to community project and volunteering service , because helping other people should one of our first value .