some people believe that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i do n't agree with this statement and think that this wrong conclution is a result of lacking the ability to properly ass the condition of our time . first of all , it is convenient to think about what wa consiredered a helping the community , say , 50 year before now . i think muscle work and spending time doing some volunteer work like collecting garbage off the street or working in the village library wa considered proper community help . this , and the like , were though to be of the greatest benefit for the community . when we look in this context it is inevitable to conclude that now young people do n't care about community or to be more precise , do n't spend their time for the benefit of the community . after stating what i think is `` evaluating today with the standarts of the past , '' i would like to discus the need of today community , which breath in the age of information . in such an environment where information ha such a great power , community desperately need to receive and create information . to this extend , we have to develop ability to gather , use and transmit information . so a help to community , in it current context , mean to develop such ability and to gather and create a much information a possible . young people of our time need to develop their intellectual side and this is the most important aspect we need to seek in their activity in order to eveluate their contrubution to the community . i see that most of the young people are playing with information in their pastime . they use internet to jump from information to information . they talk about the mean to use information . and most of them seek way to develop the method by which they share and create information . to be more specific , i would like to mention that linux wa founded by a 16 year old high school student , namely linus torvalds . he wa tought to be a computer junkie not doing anything useful for the community but ended up being the one who initiated the whole opensource concept . most people fail to notice the importance of what a 16 year old computer junkie can achieve . an other example is a 18 year old girl , ayse dinarli , from my hometown who set up a wimax network in our district and enabled everyone to connect to internet freely . what she ha done wa a great help to our small community but most people fail to realize this . in conclution , young people in the age of information deal mostly with information and intellectual concept and device to achieve information and this is exactly what the community requires . so they certainly help their community .