as a response to the question `` in twenty year there will be fewer car that there are today '' , i strongly believe that this statement hold true for numerous reason . firstly , the production of car increase annually due to the increase of demand all over the world . hence , the emission produced by the higher number of car present will endanger the environement causing health problem for animal a well a human being . when this problem arises , country from all over the world might decide to restrict the emission output of every country to a certain number , with the goal of controlling and therefore reducing the emission output of car in the world . this will lead to le car being produced and hence , fewer car being present on the road in each country . secondly , from personal experience in istanbul , turkey , i have noticed that the amount of car have increased on the road and highway in the last three year , causing long traffic jam and more serious accident . as this will become more frequent in the near future , i believe that the turkish government will take control of the situation , limiting the amount of car sold thus reducing the number of car used in turkey . in this respect , i think that every country will go about the same procedure if similiar problem arise in their country . another reason for supporting this statement is that the political and economic situation in many of the westernized country have become more critical in recent year . germany , a an example , ha difficulty in their economy a it ha been declining for year causing the living standard to drop . in a few year time , many people will not be able to affort a car . due to similiar problem slowly spreading over many western country , it will also affect their economy causing people not being able to afford a car . this will result in le car being used in the next twenty year . the recently increasing petrol and oil price due to the crisis in the middle east , ha lead many people in numerous country , such a germany , to stop using a car . they rarther use public transport a this is a much cheaper solution for them . in conclusion , i strongly believe that the amount of car used in twenty year will be much le due to the above mentioned reason .