divided into two kind of eduction , school are focus on different method of education . however , they can be distincted into two portion , one is focus on having broad knowledge , the other is focus on having specialize in one specific subject . both of these two way are leading student to the prosperity in the future , and sure can be successful if the right education is given . but which one of these two way can lead a more prospective future ? that can be a question we have to consider . however , i vote for the method , i 'm been taking , that is to have broad knowledge of many academic subject . living in the developed world , nowadays , we , the new generation , have gotten more and more burdans . the technology is growing faster and faster , more and more knowledge should be used in only one job . to have different knowledge in different part of academic subject ha become more and more useful . a worker who want to earn more payment need more knowledge in different academic subject , to make the work s/he is doing get better . with the developement of the technology , to much knowledge a person need to know to work with an equipment , an equipment may need the knowledge of electronic , computering , programming and so on . my father is an manager of guizhou north power , for instant , he need the knowledge of programming to program the program of computer that used in equipment , he need to have the knowledge of electronic for the using of the program , he also need the knowledge of management to make the company better . to much work need the broad knowledge that can the developement of the company get fast . what about the knowledge of specialize in one specifc subject , it 's not adequate any more . for a job , a person wo n't do it best when s/he only have the single knowledge in one specific subject . the person may good at accounting , but not good at using computer ; a person may good at mathematics , but do not no how to use it . this can cause a gift person lost his job and destroy the one 's future . so , what i think is that the single knowledge in one specific subject like spin , it can destroy the bulloon in your hand . not useful any more in the new generation , the single knowledge in one specific subject can make the person do not know how to use his tellent . to have broad knowledge can make the person easier to use his knowledge and become successful in the future .