i disagree with the given statement that in the coming twenty year the number of car on road will actually decrease . many people may believe and support this because of the fact that petroluem resource are depleting and the sudden rise in price of petrol and diesel have supported their point of view . but what they actually fail to see is the fact . as of today we have not even discovered ( leave alone taking out ) 50 % of the petroluem resource present on earth . the theory or curve used for energy consumption is logistic curve . this curve show that energy consumption reach to a maximum value at exactly the mid point of the life span of the resource . till today we have not reached that mid point even . another point is that , the rate at which the automobile sector is growing today it is impossible to say that in the next twenty year it will be gone . all the big industry can not be closed in just twenty year . coming back to the petroluem , it is true that the cost of oil will continue to increase and slowly it will not be affordable for the commom man to use it for transportation but other alternative are coming up slowly . they include bio-fuel , coal gasification and coal liquification , etc . . i have myself worked on bio-fuels ( specifically bio-diesel ) . in my project i used bio-diesel a fuel for a diesel engine and compared engine performance and emission characterstics with diesel on other hand a fuel . the conclusion wa that bio-diesel produce le pollutant and is cheaper a compared to diesel price a of today . moreover it is bio-degredable . the researcher are having lot of hope with bio-fuels because of above mentioned advantage . in my country government ha taken several initiative for mass-production of bio-diesel . there are other alernatives for petroluem also . eg. for the short term requirement of petrol/diesel and gas , coal liquification and coal gasification are best possible answer . in these process solid coal is converted to natural gas and liquid petrol . as there is no scarcity or crisis for coal today , this will be a possible answer for some year . also much research is going on on electric car . indian company reva is producing an electric car called reva ii which is available for consumer . hence in all it is evident that the number of car on road will only increase but the rate of increase may drop down . and the problem of energy crisis will be solved because human civilization will survive a it ha till date and whenever such problem come , alternative have been found out and implemented .