in being succesful many condition are important . i will take a example the condition of being a good professor and researcher at the university . you have to be competent and self confident in your topic , so you can use the proper knowledge and the necessary skill you need in order to respond to a critic during a public assesment or evaluation , or reach an objective such u fulfill a research project or preparing lecture for the class . this is often the reason why professor specialize in something : they choose a specific field , concentrate on particular aspect , start to study , work and reserach and they develop a deep competence in their specialized topic . so , the usually prectice and teach at the university what they know better . but sometimes , and this could be the condition of a relatively young reseacher , you might open to new field that are related to your main topic of research but le known and explored . this evenually could lead in gaining a completely new and innovative perspective on the same topic , and make him really succeful in the academic faculty . so it 's always important to take in account risk and exploration in of thinghs we do n't already know because this can provide a great opportunity for new finding , for instance in scientific research , where new invention and innovation have often been the result of a combination of conscious thougth , accident and of an exploration full of risk . in taking risk anyway , it shoud be done with responsability and prudence : you have to be clear the objective , even if you do n't know the way to reach it , or in other word : even if the more convenient way is the direct one , since no sufficient and relevant finding have been derived from a previous research which followed this direction , you might change it with a more unusual one , at least sustable but maybe more effective . in the scientfic method scientist often use this strategy called transitory pattern , which mean explore the similar and then try to transfer and verify the new knowledge in you field . so thing for me work like that : to be succesfull you have to start with something you know very well , but only if you take some measured risk , you can make the difference which bing really you a step forward among the others .