describing what is meant by `` enjoyment in life '' could be very sujective . different people might have different view / reaction on similar situation . while one person might seem to enjoy loud , head-banging music , it might seem sheer noise to another person of his age . i do not quite agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . some people enjoy every moment of life regardless of their age , while there are others who spend all of their time cribbing about what life ha offered them . enjoying life ha nothing to do with age , but rather it ha everything to do with attitude . how one reacts to situation , how one take life a it come to him . it is all about that . one could look around to see live example and the message would come out clear . there are old people who enjoy living a retired life , spending time with their family and friend , socailizing and doing what they feel good to do . on the contrary , one will find young people always striving to make a better living , chasing their dream and trying to win the `` rat-race '' . it is one 's attitude that decides how one 's life is going to be . as i stated earlier , people might react differently in same situation . some people might enjoy sipping a cup of hot coffee in the cold weather , others might just curse god and nature for the un-easiness that the weather ha brought into their life . enjoyment is not , rather should not be related to age . i could feel good taking a walk down the seaside with my friend when i am young , and i could very well enjoy the walk when i grow old . as they say , `` old in age doe n't mean old at heart '' ! in conclusion , i strongly feel that old people could enjoy a much a young people do , in their own sweet way . to add to that , they do n't have a many responsibility a young people do , so they need not worry about many thing . life offer every one , a packet full of enjoyment ; it 's on you to open it carefully so that it doe n't spill out .