i do agree with part of the statement about trying new thing . when placed repeatedly in the same context , individual tend to limit their horizon to what they know . in a business environment , this lead to two possible negative result : predictability and lack of innovation . if competitor know that one will continue to do the thing it currently doe without change , they can adapt and exploit the company 's weakness . in the case of ibm , for instance , led by louis gertsner at the time , the company knew how to build and sell computer . the company did n't take any risk , such a engaging in software development or application . emerging company seized the opportunity , and that is how microsoft came to market . microsoft , led by bill gates , took risk , expanded in new segment , and became a juggernaut compared to ibm . on the other hand , i do believe also that always trying new thing and taking risk can be a dangerous proposition . an example of this come from the automotive world . jack nasser , ford 's ceo at the time , wished to take ford beyond automotive and transform it to a global consumer product company . ford engaged and invested in different venture . eventually , this proved to be a distraction to the core business , automotive . insufficient investment were made in improving it product line . and with so much focus on new venture , ford lost sight of the market force changing the automotive landscape . ford had stopped producing the kind of car and truck consumer wanted . toyota , on the other hand , focused it business on increased sale in the automotive sector only , and closed rank to become a dangerous and growing competitor . i do believe either option can be relevant for different people or organization at different phase of their life . sometimes , people can use something they do well but still take risk . i would cite the example of apple , led by ceo steve jobs . while successful early on thanks primarily to it ease of use and it attractive design , apple computer became largely irrelevant when other option came to the market . recently , apple took advantage an emerging market in digital music downloads and designed the now famous ipod . the ipod leveraged apple 's legendary design and ease of use and became an unsurpassed competitor . in this case , apple took something they knew how to do well ( design , ease of use ) and still took risk venturing on a completely new market ( digital music download ) beyond their core market .