in 20 year , there will be significantly more car in use than there are today . looking at the case from a global point of view , we find that there are huge part of the world which are now strongly underdevelopped regarding the use of car , e.g. china and south east asia . nevertheless they are growing fast . this willl outnumber the decrease of the number of car in western europe and north america . main factor the main factor for the growth or decrease of car use are the cost of individual mobility , i.e. fuel cost , the cost of the car themselves , the environmental cost , the need and desire for mobility and the wealth of nation . those factor differ strongly among the nation . costs the cost of individual mobility can be regarded a fast growing all over the world . petroleum will soon be difficult to get , alternative fuel are not yet strongly developed . environmental cost can hardly be estimated , but are undoubtedly much higher than we think . europe regarding the european or american individual , use of car will certainly decrease during the next twenty year . today many family e.g. in western germany notice that they can no longer afford a second car due to the increase in fuel cost . in addition , not only the fuel but also the car themselves . the need for mobility will decrease a the average age rise and the employment rate sink . south asia regarding the south east asian , especially the chinese individual , use of car will increase strongly . growing wealth and strong industrial growth will lead to rise in the number of car that coul be compared to the rise in europe and america during the second half of the 20th century . environmental cost are high , but need not be paid at once . conclusion during the next twenty year the increase of the number of car in asia will outnumber the decrease of the number of car in europe and america , although the cost will rise permanently . the impact of fuel cost on the use of car will strike in about 10 year . the number of car globally seen will therefore strongly increase during the next 10 year and begin to decrease rapidly in the 2030s .