nowadays we are involved in an overwhelming stream of advertisement . there are advertisement everywhere , on tv , magazine , even on every corner in the street and it 's impossibile not to notice them , even if you want to . we are not only involved by advertisement , but also strongly influenced , even if sometimes we do n't admit it because we are sure that we are superior to certain thing , but advertisement are more subdulous that we expect . i agree with the statement , because we are so influenced that we arrive at the point that we buy one thing better than another only because more publicized . and what 's the main problem ? we trust advertisement too much !! advertisements manage to make thing better because there are a lot of mind behind who think how to propose an article to the public , in a way that exalts it best feature and hide the worst one . adverstising in this way is not correct and loyal towards the public because it is n't honest about the feature of the product . how many time we have bought an article , thinking that it 's in a particular way or it doe particular thing while it 's actually very different !! and what a disappointment !! i get really angry when it happens to me . for example , when i wa a little child i saw on tv a really fantastic little robot which did ( which would have done ) a lot of thing , such a bringing glass a a waiter , going alone around the room , recording my voice and playing cds and so on . but a soon a i brought it to my house i cuold notice that he wa able to do only half thing that i expected .. maybe because it wa a really bad product ?? you can object me that this is a generalization , and maybe you 're right . i think it too : not all the product are got better in advertisement and not all the company make advertisement in this incorrect way . some people are honest and clear about their product and i really appreciate them , because i think that advertisement should be a mean to get article know to the public and to get people who watch tv or read the magazine aware that a particular thing exists , but a it is and not a it should be .