in today 's world , car a symbol of prosperity , social recognition and a sign of our own human identity . the estatement appears to reflect on a common will from people in this world to live in a cleaner , more greener planet without the ongoing pollution and respecting a more sustainable environment . i personally share the ideology ; however the trend seen during the past fifty year are just an evidence of the irrealistic idea that fewer car will be in use in the next twenty year . even if new technology arised from the most developed country ; bringing to our life new way of communication , transport or even virtual imaging developement , the future of car will remain very much alive and on top of the economic development of the 2030 vision of most of our social , political and economical objective . this is the way the world economy play it 's major role balancing ressources to economics . perhaps , the increase and strong development of some emerging market will participate in the rapid growth of new technology permitting our over populating city the benefit of welcoming new way for public transportation such a : underground , sky train , electric public transportation or even interactive working environment permitting in such a way to find new way for people to vehcile them self from point a to b. however , even if this push drive the car industry to slow down in term of their development , other factor will compensate it constant development such a lower cost and new fuel industry . another key element that add to the above is obviously the increase amount of people living in this planet and the projection of their power expenditure in the rise for the future to come . i do not believe that within the next twenty or so year , the world will give up one of it 's most precious invention . i am more confident that new technology will ensure the establishement of better and more sustainable power energy that will enable car and other motorized vehicle to maintain their competitive advantage , hence improving the quality of the product and the ability to protect our delicate eco system a desired by all of u .