i think the topic of having enough time to help community when you are young is complex and controversial . while some people argue that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community , i think , however , that young people do give a tremendous amount of time their community . my position is based on several reason . first of all , young people who are growing up in a community have already tight connection to several member of the community . for instance , i grew up in a relatively small community . my grandparent and parent have already taken over responsibility in the community . so , it became natural to me to be part of this community , to learn from adult on how to interact in a community , whom to ask for help . for example , when i wa fifteen i asked one member who wa the librarian of our community , if i can work in the library to earn some money . so i already wa part of the community when i wa a teenager and invested my time , although this wa rewarded . secondly , i increased my time spending on helping our community after i experienced that being part of the community is also beneficial in situation where you need good friend . for instance , a my grandfather died , our whole family got support from our community . although this wa more a kind of emotional support is wa really helpful to know that other people do take care of my familiy and me . this experience motivated me to further take over responsibility in the community . even if the impact of these responsibility sometimes seems to be small , people perceive them a helpful . for example i used to buy bread for our old neighbour on sundays . seeing me on sundays wa a highlight of her lonely day . furthermore , all my friend at my age are in some manner connected with our community . they are also working in their leisure time for the community . we are a kind of big family and everyone take care of each other . nevertheless , some people might object that young people tend to sit in front of their computer or to have party all the time . but from my experience i can say that my friend do also use their computer , we do have party , but we also include our charity work in the community in our daily routine . in conclusion , based on my experience and background i am convinced that at least a lot of young people nowadays give a huge amount of time to helping their community , thus improving the live of other community member .