when people travel , they usually go place where they have not been before . depending on the characteristic of this place , a tour guide can be more or le helpful . discovering a new city by travel , mean that there will be a lot to learn about the history , architecture , culture , etc. of the city and the region . in this case , having a tour guide , who know the city well enough , will help you get to know the city and see place you would not have found on your own . it can be very frustrating , to be somewhere and not know what the place is really about . on the other hand , this problem can be overcome by doing research beforehand . with the advent of the internet , a large number of source are available for literally every place in the world , and people can find everything they want to know . i personally , like to read about the place i travel and learn about them before i go there . however , you will never get to see a city form the point of view of somebody actually living there . therefore , having a tour guide for at least part of the travel is my favorite choice . if you travel in order to mainly go hiking in the mountain , to go skiing or snowboarding , or to just enjoy relaxing on a beach , there is definitely no need for a tour guide . such travel is to address the question whether or not to travel in a group , i would prefer going on holiday with a many people a possible . experiencing new thing , or having fun in a relaxing holiday , is always more fullfilling and pleasurable in a group . i always need somebody to share my thought with . also , going to bar adn club , or just having a nice dinner , is part of a good travel . for those reason , having people around to chat and have fun with is a must when i travel . surely , the issue of travelling with or without a tour guide and in a group or alone , is a matter of personality . since i am a very social person , i like to have people around me . also , i am always curious about other country and their culture , so i want to learn a much a possible form a travel and like to have somebody from the region to tell me , from personal experience , what the place is about .