i do not think young people nowadays do n't dedicate enough time to helping their community . if by `` community '' other concrete , fully fledged people like them , also presumably living in the same country , are meant , this is certainly not the case . at least , to the extent that young people fulfill their duty properly . a typical young person is , indeed , one who ha a job and spends most of his time with it . well , i take this to be exactly the most effective way of helping other people in a community . by carrying out his or her work properly , a well a with all the competence required , a young person really doe serve the other people at his or her best . many young people do not have a job , to be sure , a they are still studying and spend most of their time at the university . even so , i think they are of great help to their own community . for their study will eventually result in some skill and qualification . these will hopefully enable them to serve the society a soon a they accomplish their duty a student . there are , of course , possible objection to such a line of thought . one could argue , for example , that a typical way of helping a community is being engaged in politics and that this is what most young people actually refuse to do . there might be some truth in this remark . but i think we may not legitimately expect people to exhibit what they did not receive . as long a politics is so confused and discouraging , it is not fair to expect from young people a sort of interest they could not get from their model in society . let 's take a different example . helping a comminity is often thought of a going to hospital and vising ill people . these are very good deed , of course . but , coming back to the point i made above , these are also thing that can better be done by quilified guy who have been especially trained for this purpose . summing up , if we assume that young people are generally good guy and that they do what they are supposed to do , i do n't think they are selfish or do not spend time for the sake of those community where they live .