some people like to travel alone , while others want to go travel with a guide . each ha sevral pro and con . however , i believe to enjoy traveling safe and effective , one should travel with a group of people led by a tour guide . that ' because it is safer and a tour guide know well about certain region . first of all , traveling with a companion is much safer . no one denies that there are bobberies or dangerous accident in famous spot . if a person face a problem when going travel alone , it is greatly hard to solve it . however , with a group of people with a guide , one is likely to overcome angerous situation , because a tour guide may be aware of some difficulty in the country . for example , i went to a jeju island a yea ago with my family . we had hard time to see a doctor because my sister got food poisoning . at that time we could cope with problem thanks to the guide 's aid . if it were not for her help , my sister would have sicked during whole vacation period . we never forget her kindness and after that we become to go trip with a guide whenever traveling . on top of that , we can travel a many place a long a we are not tired . since tour guide are a professional of their region , they can recommand which place are good to see and which market sell product more cheap . these ability help traveler to enjoy fully their vacation . to be specific , i went to east europe with a group of people , and we could go where we had looked forward to visit . that 's because we notice this to a guide and guide made a perfect schedule . as a result , that travel is the best trip in my life . in addition , one can make friend with the help of a tour guide . most of tour guids are living where they are reponsibla to show and explain . therefore , they know many people living there . we have chance to meet indigenous people with a guide , this give great pleasure to foreigner . of course , there are some negative aspect when traveling with a guide . however , positive effect are much more . in conclusion , i believe that traveling with a guide with a group of people is the best way to enjoy one 's vacation . if i have a chance to on a trip , i would go abroad with a group which is led by a tour guide .