i do not agree with the statement that say that fewer car will be used in the future , twenty year later . i would like to exlain three reason why i think that there will be still car , using for many purpose , a the same a those of today . as the first reason , i would like to point out the advent of new technology . it ha been criticized that using car are not good for environment due to their emission of gas . their gas destroy the ozon layer , thus people argue that these gas should be reduced . as the solusion , for instance , many country sing up in the international agreement , kyoto convention , to reduce the emmision of co2 . for one of the effort , some company try to invent new type of gas , which is le harmuful for environment . if the new type of gas will be used in future car , their detrimental effect on environment will be reduced . thus , people 's concern about car 's effect on environment could be reduced . in that case , car could be used more in the future . for the second reason , i would like to refer to the aging society . within several year , japan and some ec country will face to the serious problem according to the increase of aging population . for elder , paticuraly living alone , it is difficult to go out by theirselves . they sometimes need the support by others . however , the use of car for elder may support their independent life . for instance , my grandfather often us a car to go shopping . by using a car , he need not to bring heavy bag when he buy many thing in the supermarket . although he life alone now , he can go out by himself by using a car . therefore , for elder in the aging society , the use of car enable their life more convinient with le support by others . in counclusion , according to these three reason , i think that there will be more car after twenty year . if the harmuful effect of car on environment could be reduced , i think that we need not hesitate to use such efficient instrument for improving our life more and more . the balance between nature and technology can be taken accrding to the advent of new gas . moreover , in the aging society , elder could be more active and independent to use car .