since the ancient time , man ha investigated way to improve the way to explore the world and cover great distance with minimum effort . from the invention of the wheel , to the establishment of the trade route via ship , transportation ha come a long way and gained even more importance . in today world , being able to travel freely is no longer a privilage , but a basic right for all human being . and , we simply would not be able to fully appreciate this right , if we did not have car . cars give u the ability to travel individually and freely , assuming that we can afford to buy one and operate it . they are essential for people who work , have family and have busy schedule . one must also remember that for some people , their car are essential in their struggle to make a living . for instance people like taxi driver and transporter rely on their car . as a result i believe that no matter how well the public transportation get , in the next twenty year or so , there will still be a demand for individually owned and operated car . i belive that the need for car will even be more significant with the expected increase in human population expected within the next two decade . in today modern world , twenty year is a long enough time for significant technological achievement to take place . as a result , i also believe that these achievement will have a remarkable impact for car a well . i think car will be a lot more different from what we have today . they are going to be more efficient , more cost effective , le polluting and safer to operate . thus , more and more people would buy car , or whatever replaces them , and a a result we will have more car in the future . people like car for the thing they offer u . things like freedom , independence and ability to make a living it is very important for all of u to have these thing in our life and car can make this a reality . by improving the mean we produce car in the next twenty year , it is possible satisfy the ever growing human population with the finish form of car technology ha to offer . as a result i belive that the need for car will be increasing in the decade to follow a well a their number in our life .