i donot agree in totality with the statement given a i would like to state some reason in support for my stand . young people are always inspired to make thing happen in all way including the help for the community , but , some time they have to pull away themselves from this type of act when situation donot allow them to do so . firstly , i would like to take the pride saying young people are contributing to a massive extent for the development of their community . there are people forming group and association in their place and a lot of social work is being done by them . this is not new a this process is going on since several year , infact i would say since century . they form union and provide help desk at different place to ensure the problem peple are facing in their community are solved to the maximum extent . next , these youngster are always ready and charged ever to their part in the emergency situation like a draught , an explosion , flood and many more . does any one know that a considerable amount of the fund raised for the victim of recent disaster `` tsunami '' are by the youngster only . they are the future of any country and the country comming year depend on these youngster itself . moreover they are the one who join the military , and other educational course like doctor , enggineers etc . the well known people in these day were youngster at one stage and the decissions they made at that point made them to be at the place where they are today . if george bush or any other didnot take up good course at the teenage , would they be here at the position they are now . in my country still the largest group that come forward first in any situation is the youngster group . they are allset to do any type of help like moving injured one to hospital , raising fund for the needed , and lend their hand in every possible way . however in contrast to the reason i have staed above some people are not encouraged to do such activity . this is due to the environment they are grown up . if the parent encourage their child to do help to the society these situation donot occur . also the increasing demand of finance and work load are leaving the youngster , who are willing to do some help to their community , helpless in such situation . but they definitely take time in their leisure to make some good change in the area they can can afford to do something . finally i would like to conclude on the note that youngster are always ready to do the required help to the society if the situation permit and some freedom is provide from their work place .