it is very important for student , and also for other people to understand idea and concept rather than just learn fact without know what it is . there are three main reason why it is important . they can remember the idea easily and also last longer , able to get interested in subject , and increase their self confidenses . firstly , by understanding some idea , it is much easier to memory and it also last longer than just learn without any understanding . specially for student , they have to prepare for an unit test or provincial exam which is after the whole semester . they need to know the fact properly and remember it in the right way . to give an example of this , during student study , they will find unconvinced time if they do not understand the fact that they learned . but if they understood everything , they are able to remember longer and have confidence time to prepare for the test . secondly , if a person understand about an idea , it is possible to get interested in . because it is the only a hard time before he/she understands . after they know what it is , then it becomes a very interesting idea which can get the person very interested in . for example , if a student do not understand how to multiply , a teacher will teach the student . after the person know how to do , math can becomes in a very interesting subject . lastly , self confidence is really important to student . by understanding idea and concept about some subject , they enjoy the time to study which make them to know more and more . this make the student to increase their self confidence . for instance , if a student did not know anything about history , but finally he/she understood , the person think him/her self a a very smart person , so the student can teach or tutor other friend who doe not know about histrory . to finish with , understanding idea and concept , specially about subject the student learn from school take vary important job for student . they are able to remember longer than not knowing and just study , they have chance to get interested in about some subject , and it also increase self confidense strongly .