learning is an important phase in everyones life . some student concentrate more on understanding idea and concept while some concentrate to learn fact . in my opinion both must go parallel in order to have an effective learning process . they ha to be content about the fact and then they ha to understand them by learning concept . mere reading of fact can not give a detailed explanation about the overall concept . some practical knowledge is required to exploit the situation . most of the student learn concept by reading the textbook . some concept may not be understandable when we read them . we have to do some experiment regarding them , these creates some new and innovative idea in the mind of child . for example , let u take lightening a an example . when chindren learn about the process of lightening thay are not fully satisfied about the process . but when they see the process through eye they can realise that light travel faster than sound . that is the reason why we first see the light and then hear the sound . so by this example it is clear that student should understand idea and concept than mere learning fact from the textbook . in my school day my teacher would always insist to know about the concept behind a fact . teacher play an impotant role in this process . they ha to create some prototype which explains the concept about the fact . moreover the student absorbs the fact when it is stated practically because student learn more from doing than from reading . but it is equally important to read about the fact because they must have the minimum capability to understand the idea of what teacher is going to explain . once they are ready with the fact and concept they can face any problem easily . moreover this type of learning instigates zeal to exploit new thing and this will definitely help them in the future education also . so in conclusion i would like to state that the process of learning must be balanced enough to have a better understanding of the fact supported by learning the concept behind the fact .