today every fifth person in the world ha a car which he call his own , that 's what the statistic tell u in the daily news . to have a car mean not necessarily to have a driver licence but a high number of car owner have one . at the moment we are in 2006 and the price for one liter of disel petroil cost about one euro and eight cent in germany . let 's switch to 2026 , 20 year later , the question which will be asked is , are there fewer car in use than there are today . what could be reason for driving no more car in twenty year . in 20 year the petroil price will be raised enormous because oil get more and more rare . and if it get rare it get more expensive . only le people could pay a much higher price for petroil than they do today . where do we get petroil from . new invention like the solar car would be great to have at that time . no more petroil , only sun . i think that will be a great opportunity to drive car in 20 year . but doe it work . if the climate change a fast a it change at the moment you ca n't be sure that this theory work well . cars get more and more expensive . new invention , new design , new colour , new size , new model . .. how could we pay for that . in germany people have le and le money to pay for car . cars will get more and more a luxury product and only people with an high income and with le child or no child can afford a car . the unemlpoyment rate grows more and more , in 20 year we will have a lot of unemployed people around the wold . on one hand you have poor people who never can afford a car , on the other hand you have unemployed people who will get poor after a short period of time , so it 's a vicious circle , loose your job , have le money , get poor and we are at the point where you ca n't afford a car . in my opinion we will have a great barrier between those who can afford a car and drive a car and them who ca n't buy car to drive . those who have money will be able to buy the new luxury good like a car will be at that time , but these people show a minority of the world 's population . so a a result i would say that in 20 year there will be fewer car than today because of price of petroil , the stronger environment rule , the unemployment situation and the not available people who could buy car . in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are tody !