in essence , i totally agree that a broad span of knowledge of many subject is better than specialization in one subject . a broad knowledge span of many academic field contributes to the overall scholarly status , or level of education , of a person . the world we live in revolves around everything we can perceive from science to literature to general knowledge . for example , a physicist who can only talk about physic and the very technical area of his field of study is , at least to me , very difficult to be called a scholarly person . it is true that he may excel in his own field of specialization but he will find it to earn respect from people in the society in general , partly because his lack of knowledge of ` other ' subject implicitly implies his disregard for the people engaged in these ` other ' subject . to me , this physicist can not be called an educated person . in my opinion , no one field of specialization can evolve and flourish solely on it own . after all , whatever idea , however abstract , that are involved in that field are developed and perceived by human being who live in the real world that comprises of all different thing . it is inevitable that even the most abstract of idea in one field should have the slightest association to another idea most likely in another field . since these can be linked in some way or another , it is apparently condusive to know other field in order to see these link and perhaps also to better the field of specialization . another advantage of a broad knowledge span is different approach and perspective to viewing a problem . different academic area implement different way of thinking about problem . for example , math mainly adopts logic and reasoning , while literature may use a more elegant and artistic style to viewing the world . realizing this should make a person more flexible in solving problem in general and better understand the thing around u , or concept in his field of specialization , in multiple perspective . the above re-emphasizes the fact that single specialization is not desirable .