the author asserts that the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i disagree with this statement . as the many young people are truly devoted towards their community . the green is the color of youth . it reflects immaturity , innocentness . they are the effluent source of energy and enthusiasm . any of the cultural , is incomplete without the presence of the youth . the most famous paradigm of a juvenile is the outstanding billgates . he ha not only turn the world by introducing the microsoft , but also ha shown a path towards an unprecedented software boon . he is the one of the richest person in this world . he ha helped his community by yearly donating million of dollar for the benefit of the disabled and orphan student . there are astronomical number of people who are young and who have contributed to thier society . like the famous sameer bhatiya , he brought the revolution inn our communication technology by introducing the use of emails . secondly the participation of younger generation in a country politics for the betterment of the society ca n't be overruled . most of the young people seek oppourtunities to stand in election . moreover the partcipation of the youth in case of the crisis ca n't be understated . whether one consider the day of the most dangerous event of falling of the twin tower or it be the case of london bombblasts . the youth had serve very well at these time of crisis by risking their own life . thridly if you look at the statistic of number of scientist and engineer , one can markedly see that youth is fully devoted to it community with the help of their individual field . every year the number of people going to the space involve the majority a youth . the most widespread fieds of biotechnology and neurology have their most of the aspirant a youngster . often young people are miss understood for not working for thier community . people think that today 's youth is more involved in self enjoyment . it is sometimes stated responsible for the dangerous ail in th society . like the increasing aids , more an more consumption of alcholism . but the scenario is other way round . he youth ha nowdays became more responsible for himselfs , for hie parent and for his communitee .