even though there can be good argument found against the statement that successful people try new thing rather than stay at the point where they are i 'm of the opinion that this statement is true . to underline my thought following reason are given : first , if somebody is very succesful it is usually also very self-confident . so if there is something new a successful person will not say : `` i am unable to manage this new task '' . it will be rather the other way round : `` i have managed everything to my satisfaction , of course i will also manage this new task '' . the risk will not be seen at first glance . so a successful person trust in it ablities to succed . in the past everything turned out to be right ; so it will also do in the future . a failure is not to be seen a a negative experience . a failure is a possibility to do it better the next time . there is no fear to lose bo doing the new risky thing . the second reason in my opinion is that a succesful person would get bored continuing doing the same all the time . this person need new challenge to deal with . let 's take an example from the field of sport . a good tennisplayer doe n't want to compete with person playing the same level . the player ha to improve and learn new technique to be able to compete also with person of a higher stage . it 's the same in the business field . why stay be assignements already done for many time ? a new challenge is needed . new thing have to be discussed , tried even invented . otherwise there can be no step forward seen . the successful person need to feel the success again . after having been successful in one field somebody doe n't recognise the success anymore . sucess is something usual . so the feeling of having success ha to be found in a new way . this is especially the new risk which ha to be taken . in conclusion , in my point of view successful people do n't have any fear by trying new thing . they even need to risk something new otherwise they would get bored after some time doing the same .