young people enjoy life more than older people . there are two aspect of this statement . time doe not stop for anyone . every person face the every age group of a man 's life . when a person take birth it is in his infant stage . later he grows and passing through aldolence , young , middle age group and reached the last age group that is old age group . so all age group are indespensible part of man 's life . one aspect of the statement is that young age is the time when a person get full freedom in his or her life . usually in this age a person leaf away from the home . so he or she is away from any family tension , restriction etc . definately this is the time when a person can enjoy the life maximum . to enjoy the life young people go to party and disco every other day . young peolple go to different trip for enjoyment . this is the age where there is no reason for party . reason is just one that is enjoyment . but i would like to add one thing more that this is the age when a person can learn maximum from his or her life . person of young age learn to manage while living in a room with other room mate during college study . this is time when a person is also more concern about carrier . he or she having a lot tension for carrier . another aspect of this satemant is that to enjoy the life , depends upon a individaul 's view , way of thinking , attitude towards life . a person having positive attitude can live happy in any age group . old people do have a lot of exprience of life . they have already seen many ups and down of the life . so in this age they like to spend time peacefully . at this age this a sought enjoyment for them . so they also feel happy in playing with their grandson and granddaughter in garden , going church , read bible , travelling different hill station , get togther of old friend , going to club etc . another thing is that a young with negative attitude even can not live happy in the age of most enjoyment . although young people enjoy life more than older people but it also depends on a individaul 's attitude towards life .