while some people may think that young people give enough time to help their community , i choose to differ . i personally think that young people in today society are not educated to help their community in school . most information they gain is to get better grade . the reason of giving no time to help community are no love and no pathy for the need and error education . one of my friend serf a good example . many year ago , i asked him about cleaning our community and seeing some older people living alone in our community . his answer made me suprising . he said , '' sorry , newman , i can not go with you because of good program . i can not miss any one of them . '' i cound not say any more about this invention for helping community that day so i cleaned the strees alone and visited some elder people living alone . i hold that the excause which my friend gave wa not really the need of his passion for the nice tv program but it really reflected one problem which young people nowadays have : no love . no love for the people surrounding you , no love for your neighborhood , no love for the alone older people who need people to talk with them . most of young people enjoy the happy of amusement they family offer them . they do not want to spend any time to do other meaningful thing such a cleaning our community because that it occupies thier amuseing time and their studying time . another reason made nowadays young people give unsufficient time to help their community come from error education . teachers a the educator for young people do not instill them correct concept of getting along with people and virue for this society . in today society , some incorrect value come from medium or newspaper replace the correct education . most teacher only know to teach their student to get grade in school but not tell them how to gain good grade in the reationship between people . it really cause the young people not see the need of their community . in short , i hold that wrong education , no love play the role of not giving sufficient time to community for young people . i think we must help our offspring from these two major cause .