in my opinion , i agree that it is better to have broad knowldege of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . this is not only because the generation we live is an infromation bombing generation , but also because if we can have broad knowldege of many academic subject we can see this world in different way . according to some data , there are thousans of new information created every second , that is why we feel time is lost so quickly . though we ca n't read or experience every new creation , we still need to try , otherwise , we wo n't get up with the world . take my mother for example , she is a principle of junior high shcool , she is not very good at the new technic material . every time she want to add a new cell phone number into her cell phone , she need asking me to help her . one day , she had to manage a new shool , and she would like to make a website to introduce her new school . i think she worked very hard on this , and then she made it . she made a very beautiful and praticle website on her own ; of course she asked many people for this . after this event , i admire her more over . on the other hand , my father is a teacher , too . two year ago , he retired , and finally he could go back to farm a he wich . compared with my mother , he rather grows some vegetable than to learn new techonic . until now , he ca n't do something with the computer by himself , although he always say he would like to do that , and of course it never happened . i do n't mention that my father is useless , but if he could try and learn more about new subject , i think his life will be easier and independable . i know there maybe some people think that it is enough for u to specialize in one specific subject , but i suggest them to look forward to the real world . we can find new thing every day , and we should handle those new thing , either . if we would like to have a various kind of life , it is better to have broad knowldege of many academic subject .