students need to learn somethings that are worth to understand thoroughly based on concept while some other thing are learned based on the experiment . so i feel both are important tecniques to make the student thorough with the subject . the student can learn the topic of their study by understanding the concept completely . for instance , take the case of a professor teaching stating that they are 108 element existing in the nature and probably they are some more unidentifyed yet are true . here the student duty is to understand about the nature and character of the element instead of raising the question about their practical existence . although this way of learning the thing make the student far from understanding but the professor cant help but to teach in his own style . but in some case the student are made to better understand by drawing the picture . that way the professor can help the student to memorize the subject . on the other hand some topic are better understand when they are shown experimentaly . for instance that the case of professor explaining the fact of water existing in three form . it is known fact that water exists in ice , water and vapor form . this can be explained easily . water can be converted into ice below zero degree temperature that explains the concept of melting point of water . in the same way water heated to 100 degree temperature so that the phenomenon of evaporation is observed . this explain the boiling point of the water . this form of teaching is best for the student to grasp the subject easily . this visual way of teaching make the student to remember the topic for a long time . to sum up , some topic like explaining the unobservable fact need the student to understand the concept thoroughly . while other topic explained based on experiment can be thought easily . eventhough the experimental technique offer more advantage to student but not always applicable way to teach . so i feel both technique should be used to make the student to comprehend better in the subject .