the population of the world is growing at a tremendous pace also the technology is growing . as the technology is growing it ha become more attainable and affordable . '' in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . i disagree with the statement . with the changing phase of man life and emergence of improved standard of living i really believe there could be many more car than there are today . the population of world ha been continuously increasing . and so the the number of people out to suceed in life and make a mark of themself are also considerably many . every successful man would like to own a car someday . this is everyones dream . so the possibility of number of car in the world could be multiplying at a very huge rate considering that many people realise their dream . as the population is growing the market for various commodity and necessity of man are also growing . in this process of expansion of the market the price for variious commodity are coming down by a huge margin . so the cost of the commodity are also coming down because of increasiing market and competition . the market is flooded with good and competition between the producer of these good ha also become high . more the competition , the producer try to attract more customer . in order to attract the coustomers the only way being an affordable price of the good in the market . in this way the price of various good have come down drastically . now , considering the advent of technology and globalosation of many industry the income and standard of people ha improved stupendously . there ha been a considerable elevation in the standard of living and stature in the society . so the affordability pf people ha also increased . so the demand for product that were once only reachable to a ceratin section of people ha increased following the increase in the standard of living for many poeple . car is one such commodity that wa once a dream for many a poeple ha now become possible to acheive and many people are dreaming about it . and the important thing is that many are realising their dream . so the number of poeple who can afford a car are increasing and so are the number of car . the number of car in the next twenty year could be at sky high following the study of the market and increasing affordability of poeple . it is going to be revolutionary change of the world in next twenty year considering not just the car but various other good that would flood the market . so there would be many more car than those existing today in twenty year from now and there could be many more developing nation evolving and increased number of poeple who would enjoy life even more with all these change .