i would like to agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem better than they really are . first of all , advertisement tend to provide a superficial facade to the actual product . the experience of using a product is subjective in nature and varies from individual to individual . it can not be generalised . the user themselves are the best judge about the quality of a product . however , advertisement mislead people by generically classifying product a good or useful . advertisements rely on the brand value of superstar to convey the message that a particular product is worth buying . in most case , superstar themselves dont use product that they advertise . public sentiment is manipulated in an unethical manner . filmstars who advertise for a particular brand of bicycle would have never pedalled even a few metre . the sparkling white colour that we see on our television screen after a single wash of a particular detergent is probably because the shirt is new . such kind of experiment are not conducted in full public view . instead they are carefully framed behind closed door to convey a particular message . the authenticity of the claim being made are inconsequential . the increasing number of complaint being filed by consumer in various consumer forum across the world suggest that someone somewhere is being taken for a ride . mineral water is advertised a being pure , only to discover that the pesticide content in the water is beyond permissible level . slimming pill will promise weight reduction in a few week time , the fact that the side effect of consuming the pill could also lead to hair loss and fatigue is a well concealed fact . advertisements never really tell the full story . they talk about the brighter side of thing but tend to run away from hard fact which go against them . in conclusion i would like to state that advertisement have become an indispensable part of our life in the modern world . however a well informed citizen we should understand that the tall claim being made in those jazzy advertisement need to be substantiated by hard fact .