the point of contention is wether young people enjoy life more than older people do . i do not agree with this statement and believe the contrary . the general perception might be that young people enjoy and live life to the fullest a compared to older people because they seem the more active of the lot . i agree that the activity which younger people can indulge in are much more than the activity that older people can indulge in . however the time required to enjoy these activity would be a factor tilted towards the older generation . young people generally lead a very hectic life and may have a very hectic study schedule a the early year of their life are more formative and demand more time towards their academic . older people on the other hand have more of leisure time once they retire . even people who are working at an older age have much more financial independence a compared to the younger generation . as a result older people have a higher degree of freedom to indulge in activity they enjoy . a person matures over the year and an older person can make better choice about activity that excite him . an older person is thus more likely to derive a higher sense of contentment from the activity he or she indulges in . a person who is old and , maybe retired is likely to have lot of free time and can learn more about the thing he or she enjoys doing . if for example a person like to play golf then he ha more time on his hand to learn the intricacy of the game . a young person who enjoys playing golf on the other hand may be hard pressed for time . because of this the older person will enjoy the game more for the reason that he ha more time to get involved . as a result it might be the case that young people indulge in more number of activity but do not do justice to each one of them . thus in my opinion a person who is older would be leading a more content life and would enjoy his life much more for the reason that he ha time to pursue his passion and also the financial independence to do so , both of which might be a hindrance in the case of young people .