as we have known , every coin ha two side , and different people have disparate answear to the same qwuestion . sometimes it is a dilemma to say whether successful people try new thing and take risk rrther than only doing what they already know how to do well . as far a i am concerned , i agree that successful people usually try new thing and take risk . i will point out sepecificate reason a follow : the main reason i advocate is that the new thing and risk promote people work hard . there is no deny that the new thing and risk contains a lot of challenge , we do not know what will happen , what we will face , what result is , a if when we climd a mountain , we do not whether there are huge animal waiting fo u . this condition inspire u be more carefull , more hard , whithout any careless . what is worth noticing fact that when we try new thing and take risk , we will get more experience . because the stuff is new and fresh to u , we have no experience to solve it . as a result , we have to search new way to settle it according to the knowalage we have learned before , then gather the information to solve it one step by one step . after this process , we get the new experience . if we just do the thing we already know howw to do well , we only have the way to solve this problem . successful carry ot a new way to settle question , this is the reason why they are successful the future reason i state is that successful people are particular group in the society . how to be successful people . not only do everything well , but also can give suggestion to other people . maybe other people can also doo the thing well which we have know how to do it , but may can not try new thing or be afraid od taking risk . only brave man can be called successful . to be fair , i must own up to the advantage of doing thing what people have known how to do it , such a saving a lot of time , more steady . but based on the reason i have mentioned above , i agree that the successful people are who always try new thing and take risk .