yes , i think that is true . in twenty year later , the population of this planet will increase more and more . for example , focus on a country which ha a big population and according to research , we ressume the chinese people will increase even more in the future . of course , i am not talking about just population of china but also how large china is . there are still number of place that not so many people live in china . when the population will increase in china , people will move to all over the china which doe not have much population . then they might live in forest , near by the river , anywhere could be possible to live in . then what do we need to use for vehicle ? i think we need more car when it would happen in china . then they start to offer more car or they might produce more car by theirself in china . if they have such a lond distance in a country , of course they want to have a vehicle . it take too much time to ride a horse to go somewhere , it is too slow to ride a bike . then what we want ? yes , that is a car . of course , they want to ride something that do not waste their time . time is very important in this society , if we do not want to waste the time in this moment , we will do anything make our time more . brings back what i said , it is not only about china , also we japanese , we have more and more population people use a car nowdays . i think there are another few reason to think why people using so much car nowdays . one , we have been creating so many technologics and electronics machine in this cenrtry . for example , we used to write something by a pen when they write letter . but now , we have such a smart computer and cell phone so we do not even try to write down on paper . that is what is happening with car too . we have been relied on technology too much , therefore we have been lazy . we human , we do not do something by all ourself i think . but we can always go back to pas and think about how our ancient did make to live . now we rely on computer too much but in the future we will count on car a well . i think we will forget how to walk and do exercise if we will use car a lot .