well i strongly agree that for student it is more important to understand idea and the concept rather than learning only the facts . firstly , in our daily life , we come across many situation from which we are able to gain knowledge , and thus we learn the concept and idea from that particular situation . just take an example of a school . i n school every student is suppose to study variety of topic in various subject . when we go on reading , we understand the concept , what that particular lesson implies , and after understanding that lessen we are able to evaluate our own idea . we can even clearify all the doubt from our professor and then our mind becomes more clear and we are able to expand our idea . but if we just learns just the fact , without even bothering about it concept , meaning , then how can we develop idea ? secondly , nowdays , every work whether it business work , school work , or college work etc , everywork requires u to understand the concept of work , why is it to be completed , what is the advantage of such and so on . then only a person is capable of developing idea and putting them in use . computer now have become the weapon for every work . where ever we see , we find people are operating on computer to carry load of their work . one can not understand the fact of using such instrument , if he first doe not understand the idea of such neither the concept of using that instrument will be clear . only educated . , well advanced in knowledge , whose all concept are clear can continue working on the computer . thirdly , in business , a person should be kept in mind the idea of developing a business . a successful person is the only one who understands the idea and concept of building up the business . he ha to keep up the record uptodate , transaction have to be regularly checked out , profit and the loss have to be viewed , and so on , after understanding all these concept of business only , a person can set up his business well otherwise he have to bear loss . finally . student need to understand the idea of a concept , then only he can learn the facts for variety of topic in day to day life , not only in study but must understand the importance oh their life , a life teach them to experience many thing , and from there they should learn the idea , because a person learns more from experience . ..