i have been a student in an education system , which give importance on learning fact rather than understanding idea and concept , for 16 year in my country . therefore , i have the ability a a student to discus on the advantage and disadvantage of learning fact . on the other hand , i will mention about the significancy of understanding the idea and concept basing on my knowladge rather than my experince . in my education life , i have learned so many fact especially in my biology lesson . learning fact are necessary for a student in order to extend his or her knowladge , however , memorazing is not a good way of learning fact since you forget them in time partly or completely if you do not study again . for example , i do not remember some of the fact that i have learned in my high school about biology . in addition , learning fact without understanding them take too much time since you try to learn a new thing that you have no idea . in this case , a the time you study increase you get bored and usually stop studying . moreover , learning fact only also diminishes your creativity . when you memorize the fact and then do well in the exam , you do not even think the rest of the fact such a ; what is the behind this fact or how this fact is related to other fact . understanding idea and concept rather than learning fact is a second way to study . firstly , understanding a topic completely is a time saving method since you can guess on the method that have nearly same working principle . furthermore , understanding idea make you feel confident before the exam , yet you can use your mind and find the answer though you do not know the topic totally . to illustrate , in my machine element class , although i had not studied the helical spring , i could have find the answer by using my knowladge on the linear spring . as i have mentioned before , i have learned too many fact up to now in my student life . however , i have come to the conclusion that understanding idea is better .