i agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . first , the goal of the advertising company is to increase sale of a particular product or service . in order to achieve this goal , buyer need to be convinced that the advertised product not only solves a particular need but that it also is better than comparable product in the market . there are a variety of tactic to create the impression of product superiority , including highlighting only select feature and providing social proof . social proof , for example , is an especially `` sneaky '' tactic to create product superiority by showing a celebrity or well-known organization endorsing the product . these marketing tactic can leave the impression of superiority that , upon closer examination of the product , often doe not hold up to reality . one of the key problem is that there is no incentive or requirement for advertiser to mention any known weakness the product may have . frequent recall issued by automotive company , for example , are proof of the fact that the shiny new car that looked so impressive on tv may actually have some life threatening flaw . many ad also do n't show crucial information or present information in a way that make it hard to understand the true quality of a product or service . for example , a homebuyer looking for an affordable mortgage is presented with a wide array of mortgage product in the market , ranging from fixed rate mortgage to product with fluctuating rate . if the buyer come across an advertised mortgage product that claim to offer an unbelievably low interest rate , he or she will probably be impressed by the value of this particular mortgage , perceiving the product a superior . mortgage company , however , are not required to fully disclose the detail of their product in ad , often omitting important information or showing information in fine print that is hard to read . upon closer examination of such an unbelievable mortgage offer , the customer can find out that the advertised 1 % rate is a promotional rate only , scheduled to be replaced by a much higher interest rate with in one month of purchase . often , customer do n't have access to this information or are overwhelmed by the complexity of the product . in summary , many advertisement are designed to mislead customer to some extent . advertising information can be entertaining and informative , but it should be read carefully and with a healthy dose of skepticism .