some people think that enjoying life is connected to the age of the people . they think , that young people would enjoy their life more than older people do . but do n't you need the experience of having been both , young and old , to make any statement about this view in an appropiate way ? i do n't believe that this statement is true , i think how enjoyable your life is , depends on other factor . i'am 26 year old and from my point of view , since i wa a child , or the time since i 'm conscience of myself , i never enjoyed my life so much , like i do now . when i wa a child , the only interesting thing in my life , where toy and sweet and going to the holiday maybe . maybe my life wa easier , whithout the stress and depressing thing of today , but their wa nothing meaningful , special . i wa not able to think in complex way , did n't have any goal for my future , thing that are of importance to me , like my university education , going abroad to study and so on . maybe my life is more complex and difficult today , but i 'm conscies about thing , that mean i enjoy important event more conscies , i make decision more conscies and that make my life more valueable . that make me independent and free . and this increased more and more during my life , my life is getting more and more serious , which also mean better . furthermore with getting older and `` wiser '' i also know better , which thing in life are more or le important . in the last year i learned to appreciate the importance of my family . i did n't know that i really do need them to support me not only in a financial way , but also with their love , since a few year ago . in a special age like in the twenty you see your parent a your enemy , you have to get older , to be aware of their value and importance for your life , to let them love you and give your love . i could see during my life , that thing for me are getting more enjoyable , with increasing experience . i believe that this will continue in this way and my life never will be not worth for living , or le enjoyable only because i 'm `` old '' .