advertisements , the truth or false exaggerations nowadays advertisement make product seem perfect and without any flaw . but do these advertiements actually show the product 's true quality and worth ? recently i saw an andvertisement of a soap product that said that the soap would kill million more bacteria and germ a compared to other soap product when used . it stated that it contains certain chemical , which had long and very `` flashy '' name . howewer this wa not an exact detail , a even sunlight can destroy million of germ and bacteria . later out of curiosity i checked the ingredient on the wrapper , and i saw that the ingredient were actually the same in almost every soap product of the similar type . another example is present within a soft drink company in india . several official report stated that the product contained alarmingly high level of pesticide , while the company continued to broadcast an advertisement which said that the drink had 0 % pesticide and wa perfectly safe for human consumption . another advertisement wa once brodcasted about a stock market fund . it stated almost nothing about the risk involved in the investment , but only a very fine print at the bottom saying `` this investment is subject to market risk , please read the offer document carefully before investing '' . the only thing it showed wa celebrity saying that they would invest in the fund a they felt it right . this is only a few of of many example that a lot of people experience . the truth is that the producer or the advertising co. only want their product to be sold , irrespective of the truth about the product howewer this doe no mean that all advertisement lie about their product . certain advertisement not only state the plus point about their product , but also the negative thing , such a side effect , risk etc . to conclude it can be said that , in the end it only depends on the consumer 's judgement to choose the product wisely and not fall for the exaggeration made by advertisement .