people have their own way to enjoy their life . old , young , men , woman they all spend their time differently a the way they want . however , some people say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . some people would disagree with this statement because younger people do n't really know about the life than older people because they did n't experience their life a long a older people did . however , a for me , i think young people enjoy life more than older people do because younger people have more contact with their friend , and activity to enjoy . first , young people ha many organization to keep contact with their friend and also make new relation with others such a facility like school , or medium like blog . they meet others through these organization and keep contact with them . with many friend , they can fully enjoy their life rather than being alone . old people however , seems to have difficulty in keeping in touch with their old friend so they spend most of their time alone , or with their family . for example , when travelling alone , i enjoy it for the first day , but a time go by i find it routine to take picture of only land scape , and eating alone . but when i travel with my friend , we can take picture of each other , and talk and chatter while transporting to the next place to tour . it is more enjoyable to be with friend than being alone . second , young people know what they want and what they like . they would rather spend their time doing what they like than working over-time for more income . they can spend their leisure time doing whatever they want since they have more entertaing program which did n't exist at old people 's young era . for example , when i have leisure time i can go and see exibition , movie theater , or sporting event . most of old people doe n't like these activity because they did n't experience these when they were young . instead they have interest in activity which seem to be routine to young , such a gardening , or fishing . in conclusion , even people have their own way to enjoy their life , young people know how to enjoy their life more , because they have medium to help them to keep contact with their friend , and facility to enjoy their spare time .