the humankind always should invent and use new product to be the modern person therefore using new product is an impotant aspect in humankind 's life because it could harm the humankind . i personally do n't agree with idea of making the product advertisement much better than they really are . these are my following reason . first of all , the humankind always need to intelligent in different situation but not selling the bad product with a very nice advertisement to sell more than they plan to . all the people would like the product advertisement which are most of lie . for example , i have listened and watched to an advertisement of a new toothpaste that showing the new product a a very efficient thing for your mouth health . but when i had listened to the radio i have figured out that the new product is a just typical toothpaste that do n't have any additional ingredient rather than the regular toothpaste . in my opinion humankind should do more important thing that could develop our generation rather than selling typical product with good advertisement . in addition to this , the humankind should'nt believe to the advertisement that are not lying on proof , for example , a person want to buy a shampoo that he ha got used to but he see a new product that is the half price of the shampoo he got used to , would n't he just try out once because of the price no matter his or her budget is . in my opinion we all do try it once before we buy the product wer used to buy . this is a very efficient point that a lot of people have been missing or ignoring . not only the money but also the power of it could do whatever the product owner do . for example , have you ever seen an expensive new product in market . the new product are always the product which are cheaper than a dozen . the last but at least is that the most important thing we should not ignore is education level of the people because of believing the new product 's advertisement . it ha been always a stereotype that the cheap new product have no difference with regular product . in my opinion if the humankind need and want to reach higher , they should educate the people rather than telling them lie about unnecessary product advertisement . not only this generation or the next but also a lot of generation is going to live in this world . that 's why we should start to change our attitude to reach higher . i 'm not telling that people should not do thing such a these advertisement , they should do with in a circle of limit . all in all a i said before , humankind have more important thing than making advertisement for new product to make them better than they really are with advertisement which could be the most efficient aspect to catch people 's eye on . the long and short of it is that the humankind should be interested in more important thing rather than advertisement .