our society is a society of value . i mean people often like u for what we did rather than what we are . this statement allows people to try new thing . that is why some people think successful people are this kind of people qnd that the other one are those who never take risk . cqn we challenge this statement ? we will see in which way this affirmation is true or false . when people try new thing , it is clear that they are showing their ability to create , to manage and to anticipate . if they took the right innovative decision , that-is-to say what they decided make them earn money for instance , they are going to be seen a succesful people . on the contrary , if they made up their mind in the wrong way , they are going to be blamed for , especially because they did not take the usual way . acutally , take risk is dangerous and that is what we award when every thing go right . moreover , when a ` right innovative decision ' is taken , because of it creativness , it ; akes earn more money for instance because nobody think using it before . it is in that way that people are considered a successful . it is also because medias , which play a big part in our society only talk about particular people who , according to them , only succeding because of a revolutionary method , invention or way-of-managing . on the oher side , we find people who not take risk . this people take usual desicions do not challenge what they have learned . acutally , they know how to do well , and think they do not have to try new thing to do better . this people can also earn money , maybe without being on tv , but the result is the same . this behaviour corresponds to more quiet people qnd maybe who are afraid of tomorrow . to conclude , i think that medias are the reason why people think successful people are those who take risk because they talk a lot of them . i think people have to bear in mind that even if tv only deal with people who succeed becquse of thir creativness , many who took risk are still in the dark .