is the best way to travel with a guided group ? for some people the answer to this question will be a loud `` yes '' . it might feel like an atvantage , because it wo n't take much time for research . it is easy to go to a local travel agent , get a planed trip , getting picked up at a certain time , being guided through the differnent site and coming back home on time . sure , it doe sound great and it will work for some people , but not for me . in my personal opinion the answer to the question , if the best travel would be within a guided tour , would be `` no '' . considering the background of my experience with traveling i have always enjoyed being with my family or partner rather than in a large group . the advantage of this is that you are totally able to concentrate the trip on your personal interest and ability . you can visit different site , museum and do all kind of acitivties that are enjoyable and doable for you . on guided tour it is sometimes difficult to stop at place of interest and move on to other site , if the shown is not enjoyable . also the variety of interest and idea is in a group much bigger . sometimes it might also be hard for disabled , old , injured or sick people a well a child to keep up and to follow the given information . for those people it is desireable to have idividuale self guided tour , which can be accomplished with the help of travel book or prior reserach . of corse you will need to inform yourself before hand and plan the detail of your travel . but for me it always is an interesting part to collect information on the different opportunity at the place i travel to . it doe not only help me to plan , but also to learn more about the country or place i want to visit . from time to time i even find out fact i have never heard of before and will find site , building , park and many more i have never thought of visiting . this will never happen if everything ha been aranged through a guide . overall i think people can get more advantage out of a self guided trip than a travle within a guided group .