i totally agree with the belief that to have a broad knowledge in many different academic subject is more valuable than to narrow down in a single subject that you could totally master . there are undoubtedly many advantage to be very focused on a specific subject ; for example many scientific discovery would not have been found unless there were some people that studied a lot a precise and narrow domain , such a sub-nuclear physic or organic chemistry . nevertheless i think that nowadays a broader culture and education are much more valuable , in order to be a successful in both your career and personal life . a broadly educated person could also contribute much more to the wellness and prosperity of society . an example that come to my mind is the current debate about bioethics : for the society a a whole it is much more important that we have wellrounded people capable of understanding and debating about the social consequence of human clonation , rather than some scientist that develope the technical method to make it possible . in general i see that the world is becoming really complex and all the job require a set of different skill that you can have only with a broad education . that 's also why university all over the world have already begun to offer joint-programs or even truly multi-discliplinary degree . one example could be bio-engineering , which is the combination of a medical degree and an engineering degree . another example could be the introduction in some mba program of ethic class : they not only want to educate people to become successful leader but also want to teach them the consequence of their act in the society , and how to act correctly and by the rule . i think that this focus toward broadness and roundness is part of mankind progress . two century ago to be succesfull and happy you only had to learn your job and stick to it for your whole life . nowadays every four year you change job , you maybe move in another country , and you face always new experience and challenge . in such an enviroment and dinamic situation you are surely better off with a broad knowledge than a deep a specific one on a single domain .