it is often said that people will not dirve a car a many a these day in future because prople want to protect envoriments . however , i do not agree with the opinion . i believe that people will use more car than now in twenty year . this is because , a population grows , demand of car also would be increase . in addition , new car which us different kind of resource are starting to advent . first , demand for car will be boomed because population is getting increase . these day , it is almost impossible to move without car . when we go to school , market and even parent 's house , we drive a car to get there . this demend of car depends on population . following yonsei university 's statisitcs , there are more car where many people live . for instance , seoul , which is a capital of korea , is the city that have lot car and people . most people live in seoul drive a car and they plan to buy new one for child . this show that a population increase , more car will be driven . also , there are many new car that use enviroment friendly resource such a water and sunlight . thoese car will make people want to buy . these day , many company can produce these kind of car without technical problem . in a soon , people can easily see those car on the street . as a result , people do not need to worry about pollution . it will make people use more car than before . most people were afraid that they will destory nature by driving a car . however , new invention will lead u feel free to drive . from my personal experience , i felt it is not agood idea to drive a car which make lot of air pollution . however , when i saw water generated car , i do not worry about that peoblems and want to buy it . it is clearly show that new car will lead bigger car market . in summary , i firmly believe that there will be more car than there are today . increasing population and new car which operated by enviroment friendly resource such a sunlight and water will result this phenomenon , people should focus on how they improve the situation , not prevent .