young people enjoy life more than older people do . this a commonly held view , but not necessarily a correct one . throughout the year , there ha been an immense gap created between the young and the old ; emphasized by literature and the medium . however it ha not been an accurate representation of life itself . even though it is true that younger individual do hold substantial difference when compared to older one , different is not a synonym of better or worse . that is why youngster do not enjoy life more than older people do , a they simply hold different interest , value , and priority . one of the factor that diferentiates the different generation the most is interest . younger people tend to be more interested in the new trend , and even follow the current style in regard to fashion , music , and entertainment . older individual on the other hand , tend to hold on the past , and to be more interested in trend of their younger year . this difference , however , doe not mean that younger individual can enjoy life to a greater extent , it simply mean that some area , such a personal interest tend to vary with the pas of time . another factor that mark a difference between younger and older people , are value . younger people seem to live in the moment , and sometimes even avoid the future . their value have a tendency to be similar to those of the people of thier generation ; thing such a friend , or an education . however , older people seem to plan ahead much more , and tend to hold the value and moral of thier earlier year . values start to modify with th pas of time , and start to modernize . that is why older people hold more conservative value in comparison to the younger generation . however , enjoying life ha nothing to do with moral , but rather on an individual 's personal level , and that is why it doe not mean that older people are lacking a love for life . finally , th last factor that differentiates the younger from the older are priority . older people have many more responsabilities , since they have to take care of entire family , and even provide a stable income . younger people on the other hand have other priority , such a completing a proper education , and planning ahead for their future . it is clear that both party have apparent difference , mainly because of the coming of age , however it doe not mean that younger people enjoy life to a greater extent . every individual is different , and they each have thier way of viewing life . most older people tend to have similar outlook , a younger people do a well . however , this doe not mean that one know how to enjoy life better than the other , or that one ha the right recipe to happiness . they are merely apparent difference that highlight the diversity that the world posse . because enjoying life varies from person to person , and what might be the correct manner in which to seize life for one individual , might not necessarily work for the next .