i fully agree with the statement . for me , the main purpuse of an advertisement is to show a product to someone ( a person , a group of people , a company , etc ) in order to sell it to the person . so what other way to sell a product than show it the best way possible . and if the product is not so good or not that good looking , the only way to convince the audience that this product is worth buying is by showing it a tiny bit better than it really is in fact . a great example that i have in mind to illustrate this , is the following one : when you are waiting in a fast food , restaurent and you are looking at the picture of the food you are about to order , you always see all the french fry lined-up and '' facing '' you . you always see the food displayed in those poster in a way that you have never seen it on your table . the reason food is more attractive on the poster is that the server , would not have time to re-arrange every french fry in order before you eat it . and of course , there is no way that a fast food brand display it 's fry just like it is in real life , because nobody would order it . some might say that if the product is really good , there is no need to make it seem better than it actually is . and again , this is usually wrong . let 's take for example a big brand . whatever product they manufacturing , they will probably be another company out there that is selling the same product ( usually a little bit different ) . in order for the first company to sell it product more that the competitor , the company need to invest on a advertisement . and the main goal of the advert is to show that the product is better than any other one that look the same or have the same functionality . so basicly the advert ha to show that the product is better than the other , so probably also better than it in fact really is . and finally , is a product is really good , there is probably nood need to make an advert in the first place a it will be a self selling product .