i donot agree that nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communties . youth are very enthustiastic about helping other people . i can prove my point with real life example of me and friend are giving our best effort to improve our community in all sort of way . it is a big misconception that youth is inactive in community service today . first , i have a friend called ravi . he is a very busy and diligent student . he very normal and contemporary . but , he never allows these reason to overshadow he ability to perform community service . he went a eye hospital `` amg '' in rajavolu in rajahmundry . this is free hospital for the health need of the poor and needy . he wanted to give his best effort to support the cause of the hospital eventhough he is very busy . during holiday for the 9th summer , he became involved in eye screening of the poor school child . after receving the guidance of a establisted opthamologist he went to screen the child for vitamin a deficiency . he made a check list of each symptomes for individual child and reported it to the doctor for more medical care . next summer he became involved in glacoma awareness camp . in this camp he counselled patient and explained the importance of medication for the serious disease such a glacoma . these were few for his many accomplishment . he told his friend including me the joy in giving a `` hand of help '' for our community . his expriences had a huge influence on u . we too became involved in various voluntary service . i became involved in adult education campaign . here i taught some illiterate adult basic reading and writing skill . this experience had huge influence on me . i could access how valuble education is when i saw the plight of the illiterate adult . i will never forget this experience . finally , all these experience show that youth definetly involves in community service . youth need encouragement and good support from thier family and friend to make this possible . youth will realise that community service give a kind of self satisfaction that very valuble . in conclusion , young people realise that this society is ours and we have responsibility to serve for our society .