i agree with the statement : i believe that in some year there will be fewer car in use than today . i think that there are a lot of reason to support this statement . i accept that car are really necesary and important . it is difficult to imagine a week without car : some people need it to work with it , other need it to go to work , shopping , travelling , etc . furthermore , some car are important tool for different public agent , like police , fireman , abulance driver , bus driver , etc . cars give to the society a lot of important service , including enjoying free time or working every day . but , on the other hand , car have a very important defect that make me think that in the future there will be fewer car . they deppend on an expensive and harmful material : petroleum . the reserve of this fluid are fewer every year . furthermore , every day is harder and more expensive to acces to the rest of the reserve , and more money is needed in orther to obtain it . therefore , i believe that this fact will make gasoline and diesel more expensive every day , and this will be the first reason for a reduction of the actual quantity of car running on the street . the expensiver the petroleum is , the lower quantity of people who can acces to a car and it cost of operation . moreover , there is another good reason for this statement : the pollution . burning of gasoline produce a lot of toxic and potentially dangerous substance . if you take a look to the sky in a big city , you will find a brown cloud of pollution . we breath this every day . i believe that people will have more health problem in the future because of this toxic substance . the goverments have began to try to control this emission , and one of the step is to reduce the amount of car on the street . another reason that i mantain is that people is concerned about the importance of doing research in this field . i believe in technology . and furthermore , there are another different way to go form one side to another . for instance , bicicle or little motorbike are more efficient and cheap . to summarize , i agree with the statement . i believe that the actual situation is becoming quite difficult , with huge traffic jam and health problem . and i think that the first step to solve this situation is to reduce the amount of car on the street .