ideas , concept and fact are very important part of a student curriculum . a good student always look for inventing new thing or desire for conducting new research in his field of study . for this he always look for new idea and concept . i prefer idea and concept are more important for student rather than fact . an idea can change ur life . we all new why newton wa famous . he wa sleeping beneath a apple tree when suddenly apple fell from the branch , he thought over it about why apple fell down , why didnt it go up , this concept or this idea led to the famous theory which we know a newton law of gravity . see what an idea can do , it created history and those who look for new idea and concept wiil definitely create history in their future course . so understanding the concept and idea will help a student drastically . for any student irrespective of his field of study he ha to use his own idea . for instance a student who ha joined a graduation course in the field of space exploration , he ha to produce a thesis on the related subject which should be obviously a new and an intresting one . for this altough he ha to collect data from previous fact , he ha to incorporate his own dimension or view of the subject what he ha learned so far . for example the space scientist have to find out way and mean to preserve food a their expedition require a 2-3 month stay in space where the condition doesnt suit for preserving the food . the student ha the chance to innovate a perfect preserving condition and for this , apart from the data he collect from fact he ha to put forward new idea and concept to materialise this . this can be achevied if the student clearly understands the idea and concept which hve been taught to him by the professor or wherever he get information from . thats the reason i strongly prefer that student should understand the idea and concept very well rather than just learning the fact . learning the idea and concept will definitely diversify the knowledge of student and they would be capable enough for their future endeavour . learning and using idea are very important in any one 's life .