i agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . i personally like new product and often buy those new advertised product by tv . however , i usually get disappointed and regret spending extra money . i will explain why i think the advertisement make product seem better than they really are . for instance , i often believe that the advertisement of cosmetic product are way too much exagerated . we often see the beautiful model wearing new product and telling u the difference from other product in advertisement . after we watch the advertisement , we feel that we might be able to change ourselves and become like the model who advertised it . this is wrong . we forget that the model is already beautiful without wearng this new product . she might look different with new product , however , it doe not mean that we , who all buy new product , can have face or be like her . for so many time , i wa disappointed to try new cosmetic noticing that i look nothing different from using other product . i think the cosmetic advertisement make product seem much better than they really are through advertising with beautiful model and professional make-up artist . another example is the advertisement of frozen food . since i do not cook often , i always buy frozen food for my dinner . in the tv advertisement , those food look so good and delicious , but in reality , they are not a good a they look like in tv advertisement . that is because in advertisement , the company use recent cooked food and film or take picture wth the perfect angle decided by professional person . the disappointment after cooking several minuites in microwave oven is huge for me and sometimes i feel anger buying those product . some product look completely different from the one advertised in tv . i think that the most advertisement have tried to show product much worth than they really are . i know that is the role and nature of advertisement in this consumer society . we all should keep that in mind .