recently , i am questioning myself in what age will i be able to enjoy my life . as a 23 year old university student , i came to the conclusion that older people enjoy life more than younger people . some people would think that young people enjoy their life more than older people do because they are young . however , the real enjoyment of life can not come in a young age . first of all , young people do not have enough achievement and experience to enjoy life . this may will sound strange to some people but in my opinion , to enjoy life , people have to have some kind of accomplishment . i consider enjoyment a an in-depth pleasure that come out of achivements a person ha made and from occurances that a person ha experienced . partying all night would not be considered a the real enjoyment of life . it can be a short time enjoyment but not in a long run . for example , this winter i met some old couple who have retired from their work when i wa in cancun , which is a city in mexico . i could not forget the happy face . i had some chance to talk to them and what i wa told that they just started to enjoy their life which seemed hard to understand to me . what they were saying wa that when they were young , they had so many thing to worry , about the promotion in their work , their son and daughter and so on . but now they know how to enjoy their life without worrying about the think that wa considered to be important in their past . secondly , young people do not have much composure in mind to enjoy life . young people who are mostly considered student have to work and study day and night for their future . they do not have enought time to look back and spend much time on their hobby . but a people get older , people tend to spend more time for their own . there is somehting that my mother always say to me when i am slacking off . `` to enjoy your life when you get older , you have to sacrifice your youth . '' to conclude , even though it is hard to say that older people do enjoy life more than the younger people because there is not an exact boundary between old and young , i strongly believe that older people know how to enjoy their life because they have more achievement and experience than the youngers have . to enjoy my life when i get older , i am working hard to build up a bright future . i hope that my belief that older people enjoy life more than younger come true .