though i can not conclusively state whether there will be fewer car in use 20 year from now or not , i can assert with some degree of confidence that people will opt for various other mode of transportation in their everyday life . with the increase in the population and the average standard of living improving , we now see each family owning at least a car or two . this put a lot of pressure on the road . traffic is usually a problem that one witness almost every day . to get to a place where i could have otherwise , some 5 year ago , reached in 10 minute , it now take me close to an hour . however , if the government doe somehow manage to curb the aforementioned problem , then the situation could be different . also due to better and more convenient mode of public transportation - railway , metro , bus etc , . the government , having noticed the deteriorating condition of traffic , ha tried to do something to improve the congestion and road condition leading to it . but our nation ha seen a population boom far beyond it expectation . roads can not be broadened further and no more place for it can be alotted . i have noticed a shift in people choice of everyday transportation . not only is it more convenient because it occludes problem of traffic , parking etc , but it also prof to be le expensive and more comfortable . admittedly , one can not deny the advantage of having and using a car . some people are very passionate about car , buying and using them . also , at time of emergency such a a late night need to go to the hospital or a doctor , or even for other convenience , a car doe come in handy . besides , certain people just hate public mean of transportation . to conclude , due to an increase in the number of car attributable to a huge population boom , terrible road condition and the improvement in public transportation , i do see a decline in the number of car in use 20 year from now . thus , in essence i do agree with the speaker assertion that in 20 year from now there will be fewer car in use than there are today .