one will succeed in life only if something new and risky is experimented . hard work is the key to success . successful people try out new thing and also take risk to know something or complete the task rather than doing what they already know how to do well . i agree with this statement . the following reason and example which i can give are a follows . success depends on experimenting new thing even though they are risky . when one know something about the task well before persuing the same , there is no need to concentrate much and put on hard work to finish the task . he can do thing easily and with in no time . but when he/she is choosing a work based on risk it give much interest and need lot of hard work to go on with it and succeed . for example , consider a poor citizen want to get in to the indian cricket team . he is capable of playing well and got much confidense . but , even though he know well that it is not easy to get in to the team a he cant effort huge amount for the coaching fee . he need lot of money and many recomendations to go through . after knowing all these thing , when he still show interest , and by taking risk he move forward , he will definitely achieve his goal . this way when one is taking risk and put effort he will definitely move forward in life to know and to do thing . consider another example of bill gates , the very famous well know person in the world . he is one of the successful person in the world a he developed the window operating system which are being used by wide range of people . he dont know whether his discovery or development will succeed or not , but still he took risk and developed another operating system which is named user friendly one called ( windows xp ) which is well developed and being used by many user in the present world . by the above example and fact i agree with the statement . successful people should take risk to go further and find new thing . if they stand back , we would hav missed many new thing and invention till now .