understanding and learning are not able to be separated because withouht understanding learning can not happen and without learning understanding can not happen a well . however , there are order of between understanding and learning . in my opinion , understanding is more important than learnign because for me , learing mean understading fact because without understanding , i can not learn any of fact that i should learn . the three reason that i think understanding is more important than learning are without understanding , learning can not happen , without understanding , people are easily lost what they are learning and just learning can help people for a moment but a time go by , most people do n't remember what they learned . these are the my reason that understanding idea and concepets are more important than learning factor . my first view point is without understanding , learning can not happen . for example , when i came to canada fist time , i learned about canada 's history and at that time , i could n't understand any of them because i just tried to memorize bunch of factor and l believd that wa the way to learn factor . it wa wrong . after i understood the flow of history , i wa able to understand canada 's history . with just memorizing or learning some fact from somewhere or someone are impossilbe that people let know about the fact , understading is obviously needed . in additiotn , wihtout understanding idea and concept , people are usually lost what they are learning . one of my friend did n't know how to solve math problem because he just tried to put several number in to the formula that he learned from his teacher . when he understood why and how the problem could be solved , he wa possible to learn about math more . if he could n't understand the concept and idead of math , he would not learn about math anymore . the last reason that people should understand first is a time go by , people often forget what they learned . most korean people do n't remeber what they learned at high school because they just learned without understanding . they needed to get into good university so they learned a lot without understaning the concept or idea . they usually said it wa useless . however , they do remember most of history . they absoletly learned history but before learning history , most koreans understood what lettes they are using and where they are living . not only korean remember their history , but also other country ' people remember most of history of their mother country . they understood why and how they are living through understanding and life . learning fact can help people at a moment but it doe n't mean they do understand what they are learning . before learning something , we should understand idea and concept for effective learning .