i agree that it would be betther to have diversified knowledge in many field , rather than focusing on a particular subject . in many university around the world , the idea of providing all-rounded education for student ha been promoting in recent year , which would be the proof of a need of having broad knowledge . there are several reason supporting my view . first , the boundary of subject sometimes are difficult to be distinguished since most subject have connection with the others . for instance , the learing of accounting would also require some computer skill since accounting nowadays is not confined to manual work . therefore , if we have already accumulated fundamental knowledge on the use of specific software like myob , it would definitely help learn the core subject more effectively . second , we would always encounter people from different stream of study and different knowledge , and therefore if we have knowledge in the other field , it would be easier for u to start a conversation and learn from the others . we would know the philosophy of different kind of people since people often developed their logic based on their knowledge and experience learnt from their field of study . hence , we may find it easy to cooperate with the others when working in the society . last but not least , it would help u develop critical thinking skill with accumulating knowledge in other field . if we only concentrate on studying our own major subject , our thinking and idea would be confined to a particular route . take the subject of economics and accounting a an example , in economics , student would be taught that asset would be determined on cash basis . however , throughout the learning of accounting , student would be exposed to accrual concept , which is to recognize our future revenue a our income at the moment . from the above example , we can see that student with both economics and accounting knowlege may be exposed to disimilar idea on the related topic , so that they would learn more about the incompleteness of specific subject . all in all , we would become all-rounded if we can receive fundamental knowledge in numerous field . the more diverse the knowledge we have , the le difficulty we would have during our learning and working .