i storongly gree the statement , most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . the attractive advertisement in commercial tv , newspaper , and magazine sometime make product seem much better and attept to buy them . there are three reason why i think so and let me explain each of them with example . first , advertisement are pretend their real character . macdonald is good example . their advertisement are look tasty , le expensive , getting healthy using some vegetable . i 'm also love'in it . however , they use the artificial taste in the strawberry milk shake to pretend the taste . additionally they serve the food with a lot of carbonhydrate in humbergar and fried potato , and sugar in beverage , such a coke . i think no condumer know how affect the damage for their health , especially diabate for young teenager . second , advertisement give consumer wit additional better image for product . for example , currently , 99 % cacao chocolate is very popular for consumer in my home country , japan and look tasty using organic pure cacao . the advertisement also indicate the taste of proximity pure cacao a the product . so , i bought the three package of them in the grocery store . however , the taste is quite bitter and hard to eat the complete one package . i feel some frustration to the manufacturer and commercial company which created the advertisement . third , advertisement sometime say false fact using the product . one mushroom , agaric , had been believed a effective treatmnent for cancer , stomach cancer in particular . the company also showd this is effective rather than the medicine or surgery . however , goverment show this is not effective , sometime cause the additional disease for patient . the president in the company said that he also believe the efficiency of the mushroom and reputation from other pharmal company . i think that the company or manufacturer are required to research the benefit of the product , even they seemed much better . in conclusion , i strongly agree the statement above . however , manufacturer need to sell the product and sometime need exaggerate phrase in the advertisement . we do not need any phrase magic in the advertisement in term of the consumer , i hope company shold not try to deceive the consumer and just honestry to labour in the company and consumer .