i concede that in some respect , the young should contribute to their community more in which they live in . however , beyond this concession , because of the new technology , the young are beginning to help their community in some nation . therefore , on balance , i do not agree with the statement . admittedly , at a first glance , they do not give much time to help their community . this is especially true when it come to developed country . compared with the decade ago , young people are required to study hard because they have to master more and more diverse skill including informaiton technology . in my observation , due to the time required to learn these skill , they do not have much enough time to contribute to their community . nevetheless , the statement overlook some positive change that the young people have experienced . thanks to the advent of the information technology , more and more young people help their community using the technology . for example , a number of young people used the technology to support humanitalian project in many community . the young in japan supported the people who lost their house because of a massive eathquake by calling for the financial support on the internet . thus , they can and do use the technology to solve local problem . it would be tempting to argue that the young are not interested in their community considering their apathy in politics in some nation . however , the statement overstates the situation of such nation . when it come to nation where political situation are not stable , the young are forced to participate in their community . for instance , we do not have to look no further than taiwan . because of their severe condition in which the pressure from beijing is massive , the young are serious about their future and their nation . thus , the statement unfairly ignores such young people . in sum , because of their difficulty , many young people do not have much time to helping their community ; however , the advent of the informaiton technology made it possible for them to participate in the community in new way . they are getting involved with their community through these mean .