i strongly disagree with the statement made and believe that the number of car would certainly increase in the coming twenty year . the reason and example for my stand are included herewith . firstly , let me consider the ten year back scenario , when having or possessing a car wa considered to be a big asset and people used to consider it a a property which distinguishes the people owning car and the one who do not . to exemplify , i bring into picture my own experience , five year back , when i wa going to the school , i used to feel that some of my friend 's parent who had car were on a higher economic scale than our family . but two year back my father who is a scientist bought a luxury car , even though he wa not given any promotion in his job . the answer that my father gave when i asked him regarding this wa simply a straight one . my father told me that the rate of the car had come down rapidly and everyone of our caliber can afford a car . i wa amused to hear this , because of the fact that just in three year , the whole scenario ha changed . not only my father but a lot of people started buying the luxury car because of their availability and reduction in cost . the advance in technology that are being made support my point . the latest technical advance that we have today in automobile industry ha drastically reduced the cost of the car and even made them more attractive . the growth of competition between the leading car manufacturer like toyota , maruti , suzuki etc. also solidifies my point . statistics show that , in some of the city in india , for example hyderabad , chennai and delhi , the sale of latest car have increased by 25 % from the year 2004 to 2006 . the percentage increase in the number of car all over the country ( india ) wa about 15 % from the year 2002 to 2005 ( the statistic are from the best of my knowledge ) . the only problem that come into our mind is the availability of power , which come in form of diesel or petrol . because of the unavailability of oil , the cost of petrol and diesel have gone up drastically during the past few year in india and this might even hinder the people from buying automobile but many research and development division of automobile industry all over the world are concentrating on this issue and they are trying to find alternative mean in order to make the car run , like the use of cng cylinder , which ha been now commertialised in new delhi and slowly is shifting towards the southern part of the country . researches are also trying to find mean by which car can run on water , a recent team of 12 student from iit-delhi and dce located in delhi have come up with an idea where a car run at 30kmph using water . people use car basically for a faster mean of transportation and also to assure themselves of a comfortable journey . most of the teenager are also nowadays starting to learn how to ride a car , so that they can participate in driving whenever parent feel tired and this even help them in developing new skill . hence with the advent of technological advancement it can be said that the number of car would continue to increase and provide people with a cheaper , faster , comfortable and an easier way of transportation .