i disagree with the opinion that number of car in use after 20 year will be le than what it is today . instead i believe that the number of car in use will rise and will be much more than what it is today . i have number of reason to support my opinion . the world population is growing at a high rate . since population and number of vehicle bear a direct correclation , i expect that with more people , more car will be bought and used . it may be argued that more population doe not automatically mean more buying power . but it should be noted the country with high population such a india and china are experiencing high economic growth rate . this mean that progressively , more and more proportion of population will have better buying power . this in turn mean that there would be a bigger and bigger segment that will be able to afford car and therefore buy car . the cost of producing car is also declining . again with cheaper car , there will be more people who will be able to afford car and therefore buy them . besides with research in identifying cheaper energy alternative to petrol , the cost of running car is also expected to come down which will further encourage people to buy car . the government spending on developing road infrastructure will also promote the car sale . governments tend to spend lesser on public transport a compared to constructing highway . this indirectly promotes car sale a limited and congested public transport drive people to buy their own vehicle . hence more car will be used to avoid the inconvinience caused by public transport . also there are social reason leading to disintegration of joint family into unitary family . besides the woman that were previously more confined to home are joining the work force and moving out . this mean that while previously one family of say 10 people could do with one or two car , now a family of 5 need two car . the continued disintegration and woman moving out of home will therefore fuel car sale even further . besides , a human get wealthier , they look for more convenient option . it can not be denied that car provides the flexibility to take you right through to the destination a opposed to public transport such a train and tram where a person need to walk to a stop or station , board the train or tram , then get down at destination station and again walk to his final destination . with more wealth , people will definitely demand more convenience and hence shift to car . for all the reason above , i strongly feel that there would be more and more car with every passing day . cars are today most flexible and convenient way to travel . for number of car to go down , there ha be a even more convenient alternative . since i do not see any such alternative in next 20 or even 50 year , i see more and more car hitting the road .