i believe that the young people nowadays are at least trying to give enough time to help their community . it seems a if we are not helping at all because we do not have enough time in our life to fully commit a hundred percent of ourselves in the service . however , we can help others little by litte . what are our community anyway ? are they country or neighbor ? at least my school , american school in japan , focus on service to our community , both country and neighbor . i recently joined a club in my school called sok sabay , which support cambodian orphanage to provide home and food supply . it is a non-profit organization and all of our profit that we make a a club go straight to the shelter in cambodia . we sometimes collect clothes , pencil , toy , and book for child and send them . then we get thanks letter from those child , which is are primary source of our happiness and motivation for commitment in the club . sok sabay is not the only non-profit organization in my school . there are habitat for humanity , phillipine relief organization , and unicef . most of the student join in one of those club , and some of them even join in all of them . although we are busy with our life , we do try to somehow be in part of the service program for other country . i am also in national honor society , which strongly focus on service program , especially towards our neighbor community . we make rice ball for homeless people on the weekend , and visit orphanage shelter about once a month . although it is optional to attend those acitives , most of the member of nhs help willingly . we also support the runnathon acitivity once a year with american club . moreover , we have meeting almost every week to keep in our mind that we are nhs member and it is necessary to think about the issue of service program . we actively help and support our neighbor . although there are young people who do not care about others at all , i believe that people in my school are different . we know somehow that we should be in part of some service , or at least think about it . i do not believe in necessity of having enough time for service . nothing is enough , therefore , we need to keep reminding ourselves that taking an action worth while . even a little action can help someone , and that is how my school build the sense of service towards others .