many people argue that younger people enjoy life more than older people do . from staying up late and doing activity to playing extreme sport , many argue that younger people ha the youth to do more thing that older people can not do . although it is commonly accepted that younger people are le fatigue than older people when participating in any activity , it doe not mean that younger people enjoy their life more than older people . i believe that the statment , `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' is false . being younger doe not necessarily mean that they know how to enjoy their time well . younger people are usually enrolled into school and university , which give them le if not no time to enjoy their life . also when they get older , they must find a job , and work their way up to higher position , where they would have more free time . only then would a person be able to enjoy life by doing activity that he/she enjoys . since it tends to take time for a certain individual to be in a higher position in one 's own company , people get to enjoy their life after they get older . also younger people face many disadvantage that older people doe not . younger people may not have a much freedom a older people do , such a being denied to enter a bar . also an older individual usually ha more money to spend for leisure time , while younger person might not have a much money to spend anything on . being younger doe not only bring advantage , which offset the disadvantage of physical limit that older people often face . although many argue that a younger individual ha more capability , time , and youth to do activity than older people do , i believe that statement to be false . each individual 's physical limit are defined by one 's will power and one 's own physical capability , and since this is the case , the situation varies among each individual . also since being older can bring positive advantage , i believe that younger people doe not necessarily enjoy life more than older people do .