the choice between choosing between `` broad knolwedge of many acedemic subject than to specialize in some specific subject '' --- is case and context specific in my personal view . that is neither i negate nor do i concur with the given statement . if a person/project 's aim is to have some pripheral understanding and working knowledge of some broader discipline and make a resonable profit out of it along with some of the prerequisite , it is better one chooses broad knowledge of many discipline . it work well for a low or average ambitious person/projects where detail of the task are unnecessary . i.e prefer `` wide extensive than selective intensive '' it work well upto undergraduation ( in case of student ) who eventually become some middle level employer where exposure matter than depth . same is ok for school teacher also ( who teach upto 12 th class where motivating and inspiring student is of paramount importance ) . where a for those task which demand a thorough knoledge , clarity of fundamental so that known knoldege can be succesfully applied to other socially productive purpose , one ha to choose specilzing in specific . as an example if one is interested in a scientific mission to achive something useful/spectacular with far reaching ramification in general and amelioration of society in particular , one ha to specialize where indegenous expert required . if viewed from the perspective of short term gain , broader knowledge approach yield the desired result . on the other hand if long term fruit are aimed at one should specialize in a variety of stream so that over a long run they become worth the investment of time , energy , and human resource spent . as an example if one take the research during second world war , it wa mostly aimed at immediate return in term of defence/military / superiority . and mostly such kind of work were supported largely . ofcourse exception are always there . later in the post war era , people have broadened their horizon of researcha nd many sub topic then have now become major discipline . so before zeroing in on a specific approach , short term plan and long term goal have to defined and based on specific one ha to choose the approach .