either from news article of a magazine or story told by close friend and relative , you 'll get many chance to hear about travel . in fact , travel is a common topic in conversation and an important part of our experience . but , if you actually think about persuing a trip to a place you 've never been before , you 'll have to make a crucial decision on the method of traveling : travel in a group led by a tour guide or travel without a tour guide . but , considering the many pleasure you 'll miss by choosing a travel led by a tour guide , the former method can not be the best way of travel . people , who support the idea of traveling in a group led by a tour guide , maintains that this method can reduce mistake and accident involved in confronting a new culture and place . for example , if you travel to thailand and touch a person in the head by your left hand , you 'll find a irate person without really knowing the reason . of course , travel with a tour guide will prevent these mistake . but , a mistake lead to better understanding of a different culture and make the travel itself more memorable , mistake itself constitute a valuable part of your travel . people supporting travel with a tour guide is overlooking this essential part of travel . there are also disadvantage involved in travel in a group led by a tour guide itself . first , this kind of traveling leaf you with no opportunity to meet local people . as a great traveler and novelist in korea once pointed out , three essential element of travel are nature , food , and people . by traveling with a tour guide , you have to follow the rule in the group and are always busy following the group 's schedule . this leaf you no time to have a nice conversation with the local people and no chance to make a friend . this show that travel with a tour guide is lacking one the essential element of traveling . second , travel led by a tour guide leaf no room for you to obtain a better understanding of the region . of course , traveling in a group led by a tour guide will lead you to see the monument that represent that region in a more efficient way . if you travel rome , the capital of italy , in this way , you will be very impressed with the old monument such a the colosseum and will want to visit again . but , you will miss the golden opportunity to see the various street of rome and better understand the current situation of italy , which would 've led to a better understanding of the culture of italy . in conclusion , travelling in a group led by a tour guide prevents you from meeting the people of the local region and gaining a better understanding of the local culture . even mistake made by travelling without a guide will enrich your travelling experience and make it more memorable . hence , the argument that the best way of travel is in a group led by a tour guide can not be justified .