successful people in the history became famous and successful because they invented new thing or they found out something that no one knew . those people did not just do it because they were very intelligent but their eager to experiment and really putting their idea to action help them become successful and famous . if one try new thing , he will have more chance to find something new that will help the world to become better place which mean successful . thomas edison , inventor of light bulb , wa very curious boy so he would be all over the place trying wierd thing that no one every tried . for example , one day his mom found him in their barn on the hay where chichens lay their egg . so his mom asked him wa he wa doing and he said he wa keeping the egg warm for the chicken . that wa the start of his curiousness . he would try everything to solve his question . so he found the light bulb and the reputation made him successful and famous . in the recent time , steven jobs , owner of the mac , is one of the example who became famous by trying new thing and taking the risk . when he wa in high school he wa not interested in studying but he enjoyed working with machine . so in young age , he started working with machine and computer . his friend and jobs tried to make their own computer but they could not get the perfect one in first time but taking a risk of getting money and criticism from people around they finally made a personal computer . so they named it apple . they are now very well known for making first personal computer . jobs still try to make his company better by taking ristks like trying totally different thing like ipod . in 21st century , new and creative is more affective than ` stick to what we had ' idea . successfulness doe not only happen in technological field but also in fashion industry . coco chanel is well-known designer from europe . one of the reason she became so famous is that she actually took risk and tried new style in woman 's daily wear . about 40-50 year ago , woman never thought about wearing pant or suit since it wa more of men 's thing but coco chanel actually invented pant suit for woman to wear . it wa a big sensation during that time for woman to wear pant . but woman during that time felt that just by wearing pant made them feel le seperated from the society and le valued . chanel could have failed totally because the idea of woman wearing pant could not have been accepted but she took the risk and actually made it happen . if she did not tried new idea , i will be wearing big puffy dress now . taking risk and trying new thing could hurt you if you do not succeed but succeeding will not happend when you try new thing . coco chanel in fashion industry , steven jobs in computer industry , thomas edison in light bulb industry , they all succeed and became famous because they tried new idea and new thing and also took risk of failing . without trying , there is no chance given to you to become successful .