i disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . in out real life , although we often travel with a tour guide , it is more fun to discover the excitment covered by the mask of the place you visit all by yourself . some of you might say that it is more fun to travel with a tour since you are not familiar with the place you are going to , but what i think is that traveling with a tour actually doe n't give you more information about the local building or spot you are visiting than just travel by yourself . if a finalized , perfect travel ha to be accomplished , one ha to collect all the information one need and start the unmasking discovery adventure not just paying lot of money and have to waiting for the bus in the morning and later found out that someone ha trouble with the payment and the schedule is delayed . traveling with a guide tour usually ha no personal space during the schedule . going with people scrambling together can not genrantee your individual action might be appropriate to others . you might want to do some break dance during the break or listen to the music loudly , but there is always someone in your group might disagree with your action . you might experience peacefulness while you are along , and so doe traveling . if you travel with a group , you might have to endure the noise surrounding you since there are people talking or doing their personal stuff that you probably would explode and start complaining ; on the other hand , if you travel along , the problem doe not exist anymore . accidents ha more chance to happen between people than a person along , according our history that mob are usually the headache of the government and accident happen more frequently within the unstable group . so if one traveled along , he might get a happy trip after the day off , but if one traveled with a group led by a tour guide , there absolutely will be accident such a people missing , people fighting , or someone fall into the water and break his leg . the last benefit provided by traveling along is no time restriction . since it is all by your own , you are the tour guide , it is you who decided where the trip is taking place and how the trip is going to be . traveling along ha more benefit than traveling with a group of people led by a tour guide .