young people nowadays tend to play more than to work for their community in almost developing nation like south korea , because they live under their parent ' roof . i think that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community . firstly , they have to spend a lot of time studying , and secondly , are more irresponsible than before . first of all , in university or college , the period of professional course require more time . for example , in order to be a doctor , you have to spend four year in univiersity , another four year in graduate school , and last two year for a degree . for men who have to go to army in certain country like in south korea , men take a lot of time to be a fully finished doctor . because the required time had increased , young people can not help their community until they finish their education . furthermore , young people these day are more irresponsible than before . i do not have right to say that young people are not responsible because i am still in middle school . however , i can still see many problem resulting among the young people . they tend to play more than work or study their profession , and that is the reason why there is so many un-employed college student . my cousin sister said to me , for example , that majority of student in university play around on weekend , when they can use that time doing useful thing , such a community service program . because they just tend to play around , they do not get to be helping with their community . for these reason , i agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . however , i do not mean that it is their entire fault , yet they have to fix their behavior to play instead of to study or to help their community . because of the requirement of men going to army , men have to sacrifise their preciouse time of youth . i think that the south korean and other country that requires to force men in to army have to make the policy voluntary instead of involuntary . then , i think the young people will give enough time to help their community . thus , i think it would involve a lot of change to let the young people to give enough time to help their community .