i believe that it is always better to do such thing than just read or look at . i definately disagree with it is more important for student to know the idea and concept than to learn fact . i feel this way because , just to learn the concept student might lose their attention or interest , and to learn fact is very effective . first , student often prefer to do some activity than be in the class , which mean that if they learn only the concept and idea will lead them to not concentrate on . for instance , in the computer class , most student do not really want to know how the system operates , why it is , and so on . it make them to lose interesting . on the other hand , if they go on to the computer and look how it operates for real and use computer , it get much more attention and interest to the computer class . second , to learn the fact is much more efficient to most people . education is always like to know what kind of educate can be more effectiveness on it . the answer for this is doing `` real '' thing . let 's think about the brain . in what way do you remember thing better ? read the passage , learning all the concept , or do something with using all your five sens and exprience ? i believe that experiecne help you to remember meterial much better . here is a good example of that . before i came to canada , i did kno nothing about computer . since i had to use computer to get done my homework and to chat with friend back in korea , it made me to be so familiar with computer . now i can even fix up and tune up the computer . if i only read book about computer and tried to unerstand concept i could never be that good at it . as the conclusion , understanding concept might lose people 's interest , and do real thing is much more effective than other stuff , it is more important for student to learn fact than understand idea and concept . we have to realize what is always better in what way and try to bring them in the real world . by having mroe activity and experienced will make education to be a lot successful .