the issue that whether successful people need to try the risky thing to make their career success or jus do thing known wellis a complex and sensitive one , which onw people prefer depends one their personal experience family background and emotional concern . thus it is sensible that different people have different choice . for my personal perspective , i share my idea with those people who choosing successful people always try new thing , and the reason provides below . to begin with , the most important reason to support my view is that new thing always mean high profit , in another word i mean new thing although have much more risk than those thing already known well , they can give the people more money and the oppertunities to success . the well-known thing ' profit are already known by everyone , so it is hard for people to make large money in these area , but the unknown area are much different , they can easily provide large chance to success , since high risk mean high profit ! so after disscus above we can easily know my view . in addition , there is another significant reason to support my opinion is that threr are lot of successful people in the world have the expeience to try some new risky thing . such a the bill gates and some other successful bussinessmen , gates a shut up his study in the university even the one is a world famous one when he wa young and began his career of found mircosofter cooperation , this is unimageable in normal people 's mind , but he actuarlly win this game and now become the most successful man in the world . so we can easily see from the gates ' case that try new risky thing can provide opportunity to the people . although , there are also some advantage in choosing doing something well known by people and some disadvantage in try risky thing , the advantage of the risky thing is much obvious . an recent statistic conducted by the canadian bureau show that nearly 87.11 % of people prefer that most successful people in the world have ever try new risky thing , there are only 12.89 % of people prefer that successful people always do thing their konwn well . so after that , we can easily konw that successful people always try thing new and risky . to sum up , after all thing disscussed above , which intertwine to form an organic whole , we can arrive the conclusion that : successful people always try thind new .