this statement definitely ha a lot of truth to it . i totally agree with the statement since i believe that only when one take risk can he/she be different from others . being different from others mean thinking differently than others and having unique idea and thought . one is said to be taking a risk when he/she is doing something out of the ordinary with an element of uncertanity . this involves being creative , imaginative and most importantly innovative . most successful businessmen in the world are where they are beacuse they had taken a risk . they took the first step and used their artistic ability to do something that others had not done . bill gates , the ceo of microsoft took the risk of using his idea and investing in it to produce a useful outcome . he wa greatly successful is his approach and now is among the richest people in the world . great figure in history have taken risk to achieve what they have aimed for . turning back time and looking at american history we can clearly see that the british took a big risk of entering an unconquered and undiscovered territory , which is now the united states of america . they definitely knew that they had a fair chance or no chance of acquiring what they had desired . everything in life hold risk , whether they are risk investing in share of a multinational or buying an good from the electronic store a an investment for your own home . but , risk involved in being a successful person hold much more than that . logical thinking and one 's creative ability encourages him/her to take risk . however , sometimes taking risk can be dangerous . we should clearly evaluate the degree of risk we are about to take and state the danger involved . risks can directly or indirectly harm an individual or the society a a whole . therefore this should be considered before attempting any risk . if everyone in this world continued to do what they already know how to do well , there would not be any development in term of technology , scientific achivements or even physical ability to do something . we would be living in a fairly backward society with no room for any innovation or creativity . sometimes , we should think outside the box and take these risk which will help u to be known and will probably bring fame and make u successful . one who take risk is more likely to be successful than one who doe not . the simple reason being the latter doe not believe in himself/herself and doe not have enough confidence and courage to get his idea out to the world .