it is often said that young people enjoy life more than older people do . some people think that young people are more enjoyable that older people because they have more strong body to enjoy life . however , i strongly believed that older people enjoy their life for the following two reason ; they have a lot of time and money , they have le responsibilityfor the society . to begin with , older people are more live than only three decade before . they have more chance to attend an activity . also , they have a lot of time and money rather than young people . it will be a great opportunity for older people to enjoy life . for example , lot of activity center such a ymca are crowded of older people . they get together in that place and learning other activity such a ballet , yoga , swimming and card game . also they are spend a lot of money to travel abroad . since they had no time when they were young because they focused on their own job . they might be a le opportunity to travel abroad . dong-a , mosr popular travel company in korea , show the evidence . in 2005 , traveling abroad older people are two time that young people . the criterion wa over 60 age . thus , older people are usually enjoy their life . on top of that , older people have le responsibility in their child and society . that is because almost they are not working reguarly and their child are growed . this mean older people have le responsibility that young people . for example , i can see my grandmother who enjoy her own life . she is a important role in her community , getting together for friendship , and she ha lot of club such a golf , dace and music . i this she really enjoys her life after working in a public department . she had been working for a public dapartment fo 30 year . at that time she never had a opportunity to enjoy her life . however , recently she seems too young better than my mother . thus , older people have le responsibility of society and their chidlren , so they can enjoy their life . in summary , i strongly belive with the statement that older people are enjoy their life . that is because they have more money and time better that young people . also they have le responsibility of society and their child .