there is no doubt that advertisement play a very important role in our daily life . advertisements main role is to attract people to buy a certain product or to go to a specific place ; moreover , advertisments help a person to choose between two product by showing for example that this product is for high class people , it make you a good mom or even telling you that this product will attract you to the opposite sex . in fact advertiments really make the product seem much better than they really are . frankly speaking , advertisment is very effective esspically that it can spread over different medias . tv is the number one advertisment medium . because the contiously increasing number of people watching tv , most firm us this advantage to their own benefit by putting out advertisments during the match , entertainment program or even news . another medias for advertisment is the radio , newspaper and others more no one can denay the fact that , advertisement can control u ( persuade u ) to choose the product we want to buy . firms us this advantage by making a highly effective and costly advertisement that make the product seems much better than they really are . for example , a car advertisement in an news paper showing the picture of the car from the inside , the first impression that a person feel is wow that car is really big which is in reality not true it is just a picture that it is modified to make the car look bigger . another example is toothpaste advertisement , in the advertisement it show that this type of toothpaste will clean your teeth 100 % and make them white and shiny like crystalls which will make you more attractive to the oppiste sex or gender . as a matter of fact , advertisement is becoming a very big lie . finally , no one can refuse or reject an advertisement . most of the people and even me beleive in some of these lie and i go and buy this `` great '' product and after i try it i realize that i have been riped of by the advertisement company because they made the product seems much greater in thier advertisement . at the end i would say that i completely agree with the following statement : most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .