the world today is exploding with the techonlogical advancement made . the major factor which ha completely transformed the face of the world were is the advancement in the transportation industry . the automobile industry play a vital role in the current world where the people are able to travel more in a very le time . what took some day of travel in the olden day now only take a few hour and what took few hour earlier now inly take few minute . all thanks to the automobile industry which ha wiped off the distance . the automobile industry ha grown rapidly in the past century . one of the bacis way of transport is the bus , vans , and not to mention the car . earlier in the early twentieth century car were more of a status symbol . there were not many people who owned a car . in the later part of the century they car have come to the comfort level . but in the current day cars are for more than comfort but they have become a necessecity . as such we see that there are more noumber of car on the street than earlier . the major factor which ha raised the usability of car is that there are more number of provider and people have a lot of option to choose in every budget range . the people have become more busier than ever and so they want their personal mean of transport to save their time and car offer them this . also there are more number of service center avaliable all acroos the country which is why we are seeing an increase the people who want to go for car . alll these reason can increase the number of car in the future . but there a downside to this . we all know that torun these car we need fuel and the natural fuel resource are getting depleted day by day . the world oil organization ha already warned that the current resouurces are not going to last long . taking this call few nation have already taken action in this direction . like looking for other alternative like bicycle which do not require any fuel . some nation have enforced a law that one day in a week a car should not be used . already the usage of car is so high that the people are stuck up in traffic jam for hour which is really frustrating . the oil price are rising day by day and the common man is not in a position to pay more and so these day people are looking for other option like pooling in with your friend or neighbour who can pick and drop you thus sharing the load on your pocket . considering all these situation i guess that the number of car should decrease in the future and thus let make the world a healthier place to live .