i think there ' re two group of people when we speak about success : people who gain a better position using at best it 's own quality and others that reach the goal thanks to the luck or to other people . in the first case if we pay attention to the past story of the person who make success we can surelly find an invenction , an idea , a kind of stroke of genius that changed his/her existence . i do n't state that luck is unuseful in this occasion , but i can adfirm that it play a secondary role . when we speak about success we generally refer to the world of our job . in my opinion it 's easy to see that often the success is related to the ability of an individual to be able to solve different task in diverse field . and these eccletticism can be formed during one 's life in many way : the most important is trying to have interest in different direction . risking to do something we think we can ' t do permitts u to discover our limit and in many case to trapa them . for these reason i agree with the statement . let 's consider a high-specialized person in a job : we aspect him to defeat the oppositors thanks to his knowledge in his field ; maybe he belief it too , so he doe n't look for new challenge . but nowadays it 's difficoult to find a situation we can solve using narrow skill ; we try to cohoperact to fin a solution . this show how we have to depend from other people if we do n't have the braveness to risk and to aquire a broad knowledge also in field we do n't consider exactly a `` our '' . can we reach the success if our destiny is so strictly related to other people ? moreover we have to consider that this people is often in challenge with u for a better position . if we look for new experience which can enrich our luggage of knowledge , we break the bridge that unites u to our mate ; so we can find an easier way to the success . maybe it could be dangerous because a failure can stand for the gain of a lower position . when we have the skill and we are brave enough to risk at the right moment we can manage to surpass lying people and to obtain success .