young people tend to enjoy more than the elder people do because they are more energetic than them and are physically stronger . they got a large list of activity of enjoyment than the list of elder people . usually old people enjoy in home relaxing themselves or to the maximum extent of going out for a dinner . youngsters have a lot to enjoy themselves in there life . since they are physically strong they can indulge into many activity . i usually enjoy myself by indulging in physical activity like sport example cricket . i enjoy playing cricket with my friend and i like and enyoy the game immensely . the game involves lot of concentration and physical challenge with lot of ups and down which generates great excitement between u during the game . older people can not experience the same feeling a we do . there are many other activity in which youngster can enjoy themselves in contrast to the activity of adult . another experience which i remember is my school trip to the mountain . it wa a great experience for me and i enjoyed enormous number of activity some of which includes mountain trekking , rock climbing , river rafting and horse riding to be mentioned . our teacher also came with u in the school trip . observing them one could easily recognise the difference between yhe level of enjoyment between youngster and adult . while adult could only enjoy themselves with the scenic beauty of the mountain and the cusine offered at the place or a long walk , we had a wide range of activity to indulge in a mentioned above . it wa impossible for our teacher to involve in the similar activity a we did . thus young people enjoy themselves greatly indulging in wide variety of activity and face the world with enthusiasm and excitement with their inexperienced mind without cosidering the thought of other people , which the elder people can not experience . hence , the above point support my opinion that young people enjoy life filled with excitement more than the older people .