as i am try to ass the state of the number of car being used twenty year down the line , we can primarily look into the thing that might actuallly be the core reason , which can minimise the use of car the reason i see for decrease in the number of car is to decrease consumption of fuel a fuel is being scarce day by day , to decrease the environmental pollution , people looking for more faster mean of transport , might become too expensive . as we can see the reason , to decrease the consumption of fuel , there is no need to curb the use of car instead we can try and invent new mean of fuel for ignition , for instance people have already started using cooking gas a fuel , but it is agreed that it is too dangerous a a small spark can ignite the whole vehicle , so research ha to be made to develop furthur . and the ease of availability of the cooking gas is also specious , but there is definitely alternate way to produce fuel another reason for decrease might be that maitaining a car might become too expensive , a the number of car increased the consumption of fuel increased too , this led to decrease in the availability of fuel or over all depletion of the fuel in the world , this will lead to increase in available fuel cost . not only this for maitaining a car , we need a space to park it , increasing use of this mean of trasport on metropolitan city have decreased the availability of space , sometimes getting small amout of space is much more expensive than one can visualize . people might choose more reliable and faster mean of trasport , may be some cheaper air transport . this not completely imaginative idea , but this already put to practice to create few plane which can be used by common people , if these bcome more compact , easier and faster mean of transport people might well opt for the same , but this might not be possible in just twenty year . infact , i believe that there might be much more car than the what we currently have , if the raise in the use of car is considered . if we just consider the case of developing contries like india , the raise ha been significant for the past twenty year . that can be seen from the fact that number of brand of car that india used to have twenty year before and what it is now , and also the increase in the traffic level . may be developed country might have already exhausted their use of car in all their metropolitan city , but we still have the scope to grow in the developing country . another point that can be described is the fact that growing population need increase the scope of travel , thus increase the number of mean of trasport that we use . a population of the world is defenitely in an increasing state , there will never be decrease in the number of mean of transport they use . a car is the significant mean of trasport in this modern world , there are prone to increase too . so , on the whole i believe that will never be fewer car in this world than today , though