`` aim for the sky , and you will reach the mountain top '' this is a famous saying which in my knowledge , is indeed practiced by a number of successful people . in order to be successful , it is mandatory for one to try the impossible , try new thing and take risk . only this attempt can direct you closer to your goal . buccess is a relative term . i percieve success to be my goal , my aim in life . the road to success is a never-ending one , much longer than you expect it to be . there are numerous obstacle through your way to achieve your goal . being succussful is one of the biggest challenge in life . and maintaining your success is another . every succussful person ha taken unpredictable , step which either turn out to be a disaster , or the biggest success of his career . this step is immensely risk-prone . for example , let there be a company in which there are two individual working in the same level of priority , mr.x and mr.y. they both work on similar subject using the same method , and finish it in the same time frame . if mr.x wish to succeed and reach the post of the highest priority in the company , he is required to try something new . take a few risk , and work on the subject with a different approach . this approach can turn out to be a complete waste , or he might have just discovered a faster method of execution . in this process he also gained knowledge . having a broader knowledge , help you achieve success much faster and easily . only by trying new thing , can you stretch your capacity to excel . you can never be successful if you feel complete . if you conclude your knowledge to be the saturation point . there is a saying `` try , try , till you succeed '' . this is the best prescribed method you can use to reach your goal . every step , be it a successful or disastrous , make you learn something. a bad one is just another hurdle in your race to success . it make you think method to overcome it . idea to navigate your way past it . these hurdle are pure source of knowledge .