it is true that most of u now use car a most useful vehicle . cars have a great advantage for their interactiveness . different from other vehicle , such a airplane and public bus , car are more interactive vehicle because we could handle own car wherever and whenever we want to move . however , i strongly agree with the opinion that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenty year for the following reason . first , to drive the car ha several big risk such a the car accident . in my country , japan , the rate of the car accident which lead people death became higher in the recent year . it is because that to drive the car requires people to know and practice complex skill so it is hard to drive car for elderly and young people . second , if we drive the car , actually we automatically produce lot of co2 which affect badly for the environment . nowadays so many people claim that if we continue to drive the car we would lost the place where we could live safely . we should know that co2 which produced by car would go rise up and yield some serious problem , such a the destruction of ozone-layer and greenhouse effect . from these reason , now so many people in my country try to develop subway a more convenient vehicle instead of car . iactually , subway is greater than car in term of safety . the driver of train are well trained and only go on railway constructed under the ground so there is no possibility for train to kill any people . we could say that the vehicle go only under the ground make the world on the ground more safe place . moreover , we could make the station almost anywhere we want under the ground . on the ground we have so many building and house so sometime it is so hard to go to the place where we exactly want on the ground . therefore i believe that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenty year . i think the subway would be developed more than there are today in twenty year . i can say that more people would use subway instead of car because our permanent desire is to make this world more safe and convenient place for all people on the earth .