i personally agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time in helping their community . i for one feel that i myself do not spent enough time helping others . many young people ha already forgotten about their community , forgotten that that are other people besides themselves , forgotte that the community need their help and is more than happy to receive a helping hand from them . many young people nowadays are more self absorbed than back then . they have learned to be more self driven to their own goal regardless of the sacrifice and so on . they learned about individuality and competition . they do not realize the importance of helping their community . although there are many public awareness campaign on this issue but it is not enough to drive the young people to help their communties . most of the young people are more concerned with social status than anything else these day . they are preoccupied with being popular than to see what the community need . they see community service a a task or chore or a boring thing to do rather than a healthy and honorable action . they do not picture this a a cool thing to do and it is probably not on their prioirity list . they do not see the bigger picture of the society and that others may need a helping hand . young people nowadays also ha much more source of entertainment , for example there is the wide usage of the computer these day . most young people spend most of their time on the computer . they are surfing the internet for information , they are using the computer to communicate with others , to play game a well a to obtain other source of entertainment . other source of entertainment such a shopping mall , coffee joint , club and bar have more appeal to the young people nowadays rather than helping the community . due to the time spent on electroninc gadget such a computer , and entertaining themselves with other activity such a going out with friend to mall and so on , young people have limited free time to help put their community . they forget the traditional way of communicating and helping their community . in conclusion , the priority of young people nowadays ha changed . they tend to forget to put in helping others a one of their priority a they are very much goal oriented , individualized and have many source of entertainment these day . hopefully the young people will one day realize this and change their behavior .