i do not agree with the idea of '' the bast wa to travel is in a group led by a tour guide ' . many people go on a travel by agency with a tour guide whareas , i prefer go trip by self with specific gruop like friend of family a follwing trasons . first , private travel with the close mambers can make decission by self while traveller with a package tour are not able to and have to follow other people and the guide . for example i went to thailand to travel by agency and it made me to tired . i wanted stay city and want to get a masage instead of watching gay show but it wa not aloud . so i had to wait until gay show finish instead of get a masage because other people want to watch it and it wa in the schedule ! . so i felt annoyed by tight and thogh schedule . secondly , package travel doe not give worth feeling . when people go package travel , they just follow their guide . guide doe not make mistake and do thie best to travel safely and also are proffesional . yet , doe this travel give adventure ? not really , traveller feel upset to the unknown world and by expactation of itand also worry about how it will happen . some time people can miss the bus or the place can be worse than they expected . this look bad but after some year or after finished travel traveller would find worth feeling a they have done and mistake and daungerous thing make more worth memorizes . last , this is very sensitive reason . go travel with tour guide is relatively more expensive than go by self . when i wa travel to an island in the korea , the tour guide always lead u to the shop . like jewel shop , food shop , all the shop and forced u to listen shop owner advantagement and ask to buy them . i bought some at that time . in addition , i went that island again just by myself and went that shop agiain and . . what ? the real cost wa 5times cheaper ! this happening is very common happen when people travel in a group by a guide and it can even happens at price of entry ticket or hotel fee not even at the shop ! i went some place to travel by several way and i found many disadvantage of package trvel . and i recommend that people have better to trvel by their own