people today are faced with a stark choice a they can not decide to use their car or try other way to transport . having been a user of car for six year , i am well aware of it many drawback . it is very costly due to high oil price and risky a many accident happen . in addition to these , toxic gas from the car pollute enviroments . due to all these reason , i agree that car use will decrease in next twenty year . to begin with , oil price will get higher a the source of oil on the earth will decrease and this will make using car much more expensive . as result of this , people will choose to walk for shorter distance or use public transport in longer distance . these option are cheaper than using car . in additon to oil price , parking price is another factor which increase cost of using car . as city will get bigger , number of parking space will decrase which will increase their price . in this way , many people will also choose public transport to avoid paying high parking price . besides being costly , using car is also risky a many people die or seriously injured in car accident everyday . many people think that while using car , they are under a serious risk of having accident . the reason of the crash or the carelessness causing crash may not always stem from you but you also get injured when the other driver ha a fault . this show that there is always a certain risk in driving car . in this way , plane will be mostly preferred in future a they offer a safer alternative . most importantly , car pollute the environment a they release toxic waste . these waste cause air pollution which brings about serious lung disease . in other word , when you use car , you cause death or illness of some people . therefore , in next year , a people will not be able to stop production facility which are also an important air polluter , people will try to reduce the air pollution caused by car . in this way , people may start to use bicycle which do not pollute the environment and additionally , is benefical for their health a provides regular exercise . for example , i have many friend who started to use bicycle for both his health and the health of posterity . to sum up , in next year , le people are likely to use car a it is costly , risky and harmful for the environment . i think that most people are likely to use bicycle a it is cheaper and do not harm the environment . in this way , they can leave the clean air to the posterity .