i can not take a clear position on the fact that young people enjoy life more than odler people . i think that they enjoy life in a different way . young people just experience all the thing they want to . they are not always conscient of what they are really doing and what could be the consequence of their act . often , they do not have any past experience they can related to in order to judge if they should do it or not . i think that in a way young people enjoy life more than older people because they are not a stressed . as a young woman , i can say that i do not considere the future a much a my parent do and in some way it allows me to experience some situation that i would not if i wa older . i also have a very different perception of money . for me and most of young people , money is a substantial thing . it is very easy to have access to it and we are not affraid of credit , which is a big difference with older people . not having money doe not stop u to try thing we want to . for example , many of u will just consent to take a loan to travel instead of waiting to have enough money a our parent would do . on the other way , i think older people enjoy life a much a u . with time , they readjust they expectation and their definition of what happiness is and appreciate more the little thing that make your day to day life better . they do not dream of wide space anymore , or at least not a much a when they were younger . i think older people are happier to look at what they did during their life than what they are planning to do . for instance , my grandmother wa not able to walk anymore so it stopped her to do many thing she used to but this did not stop her to be happy . her happyness and her description of what life wa wa to see her child and her grand child evoluate and experience thing she already did . as i said earlier , i think both young and old people enjoy life but in a very different way . i think that maybe older people are able to enjoy more their experience due to the fact they have seen other thing before and have been through more difficulty . i think older people can understand how youngers enjoy life , have been young already and have had the same feeling a them . but in another way , younger people can hardly imagine that older people enjoy life because they are not there yet in their development . the definition of an accomplished life change during your life and that is why both young and old people enjoy life .