allthough many people think that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community , from my point of view this statement is not correct . i think so because of my personal expierences . i lived a short time in africa - and so i think i have a better `` view of the world '' what covinced me . in africa it wa normal that everybody help eachother and this wa the own way to get something . maybe there is a specially situation . there are not enough education and think 's like that . in the other way the city look like in europe and you can by everthing like in europe . the people have n't enough and so you need the help from the others . in europe or in the other industrial state the name of this thing is like `` develop country '' . but is it right ? i do n't think so . i can understand the author of the statement if we have only a look of the industrial state . i think in these countiers the people are conzentrated at ther own . everybody want 's the best for ownself and so it can be happen that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . but is that a good way ? in my view it 's better to help eachother because in this way you can also learn from eachother . furthermore i believe that helping is a good think and if you help anybody you get back more . .. maybay not in the same second but in own time . .. and if we have n't any time in our high `` develop world '' so we must took the time because it is nessesary . if you help somebaody you can also open your mind for an other point of view or you can learn an other waw to past the goal . s , i believe in this way we can learn form the `` develop world '' . it 's not good to forget in what a safty world we live . these safty world can also change in a world where anybody looking at there own and forget the other . .. in my opinion that will be not good . so , perhaps have the `` industrial world '' in one time a look to the `` third world '' to learn someting - the importend thing not forget to help . concluding i would like to say , that i can understand the people in the high develop country to think that the young people nowadays do not have enough time to helping their commmunities . but the high develop countiers are not the world . it is nessesary that the people not forget , that the succsess is not the importend thing . if you help eachother so is a smile for a thank sometimes more . .. maybe in the industrial countiers will change the view . i think it will be good . ..