as a graduate , i think it is better to specialize in one specific subject . specializing in one subject give you a chance to read the subject in depth , give you ample opportunity to undertake research on the selected subject and will also let you focus on learning specific skill that will compliment your chosen profession . by specializing in one subject , you can learn that subject in depth . for example , i have done my bachelor 's in physical therapy . i have a general idea about all the speciality like orthopedics , neurology , cario-respiratory , pediatrics to name a few . but my real interest is in geriatrics which is just a part of a course curriculum . it doe not deal the subject in depth . if i decide to study this subject , i will not only learn the generality of it but also the unique feature of this speciality . things like what kind of exercise suit better , how frequently should the session be administerd , what are the special thing to be kept in mind during the therapy session and also about the psychological aspect . so a i said it give you an in-depth knowledge about a subject . secondly , you get enough time and also ample opportunity to work on a research . when you take up a single subject , you concentration is centered on the subject . you do n't have distraction like lot of assaignments to do , term paper to submit , multiple exam to give . so you have lot of time in your hand to concentrate only the selected subject . you can also do some research work , like for example , what is the effect of ultra-sound therapy on back pain in older people . is it the same a in the adult ? finally , the skill . you can learn new skill that will compliment your profession . for example , i know manipulation of different type , that will help in the treatment of joint problem . but will these manipulation help the older people . will they be effective on them or cause more harm . if they are not useful , then that mean that i have to learn some alternative skill that will help them better . . this is one such example . i may learn yoga , because it is very safe and effective . i will learn those skill that more gentle and more effective , specifically suiting the old people . to conclude , i can say i like to specilaize in one subject because i am a graduate . this doe not mean that studying many academic subject is not good . it is the best if you are an undergraduate . you get to know the different subject and what they deal with . you can also decide a to which subject is more interesting to you and suit you and decide upon your carrer . studying many academic subject ha got it own advantage but they do n't suit my need a i have already passed that part of my life and settled into a profession . all i need now is to study the subject of my interst and specialize in it .