help others to help your nation in the present day world where technology is advancing at such a high rate and where the economy is booming , it seems that the world ha somewhere lost the meaning of helping others . the present youth is more actively involved in making fast money in order to enjoy a life filled with luxury . people have indeed become more selfish and self-centered and do not think twice abt taking out some time from their life to help their community or the underpriviliged . i am indeed very ashamed to admit that the youth of the present generation doe not involve itself in any social or charitable work . the youth need to tighten their buckle and need to start acting upon this grave matter . it is often seen that the youth filled with it raw and uninhibited passion and spirit is able to change the world and make a noticeable difference . the youth ha indeed forgotten it responsibility and duty . i would like to expalin the above by illustrating the fact that many youngster spend whopping amount of money on celebrating their birthday and other occasion . what i would like the youth is to spend some time with their grandparent and elderly relative or do some type of charitable work on their date of birth if they find it too taxing to do it on a regular basis . in doing so , they indirectly play a very imprtantrole in shaping a healthy and ultimately a prosperous nation . setting up awareness camp in rural or underdeveloped area canhelpspread awareness about various disease and the like . such effort can induce people to be more cautious about their health-and being healthy can ensure a better chance of survival . the youth can help it community in every effort they put in . for example , recently my elder sister organised a blood donation camp and a rally to spread awareness about female foetacide on the eve of gandhi jayanti . her heartfelt effort attracted many student and even faculty memebers of her college . all of them took part very passionately and indeed helped spread awareness in our small town . similarly . i feel very strongly that the youth need to take varoius step in this particular direction so that it can improve the standard of living of their community and help work towards a more prosperous and developed nation