the important of education is emphasized and re-emphasized in our world of 21st century . as technology develops and histroy get longer , we are exposed to more thing to learn . given this fact , is it better to specialize in one specific subject or have a broad knowledge on many academic subject ? people 's opinion may vary on this controversial issue , but i believe it is better to specialize in one specific subject . generally , people go through 12 to 13 year of education in secondary school and have another 2 to 4 year of education in college . as college student , we major in a specific subject such a interior design , psychology or hotel management . why do we major in only one or two subject ? it is because we are unable to learn vast amount of information on varying academic subject . people say that we learn from the past . let 's look at sumer , one of the earliest civilization in mesopotamia between tigris and euphrates rivers . about 9000 year ago , the period called the `` neolithic age '' began in this civilization . as nomadic people who depended on hunting and gathering for their survival settled to a permant place and started agriculture , their civilization boomed . population dramatically increased and their civilization further enhanced . it wa about this time when what is called , `` the specialization of labor '' began . this mean that each people had a job and a role in their society . some people concentrated on farming while others made pottery and others carried out religious ritual . because no individual could make a living producing all the food , clothing and habitat oneself , the civilization practiced specialization of labor . like what our ancestor long before showed , i think each individual should specialize in one subject now a day . this will further develop our civilization and benefit u a it is more effective than everyone studying the same subject at a limited level . let 's compare our field of education to that of the universe . if an astronaut make his way out of our galaxy who 's never done in the past , he 's drawn a significant line in the history of human being and the universe . however if the same astronaut visit the moon which ha been already executed by many other astronaut , he will just remain a one of the great astronaut . the same concept go to education . if we explore all the area of academic subject at a limited level , there will be no development in human being ' knowledge , but just a repetition of what others have done . however if we specialize in one specific subject , our knowledge to that specific area will expand . in conclusion , because noone is able to learn all of the existing subject at a sophisticated level , i believe it is better to specialize in a specific subject . this specialization of learning may limit some people to that area of study only , but it is much more efficient and beneficial to human being a we can develop our knowledge and contribute our learning to the human being and our world .