whether or not young people enjoy life more than older people do is an interesting question , and i for one disagree with that statement . first and foremost one ha to understand that enjoying oneself doe not necessarily have to mean enjoying similar thing . with that in mind , it becomes clear that older people do not necessarily enjoy life le than young people do . first , let 's look at two different rather popular activity for both , the young and the old . how about sport - sport is a rather popular pasttime activity for the younger generation . but it 's also an important part of older people 's life , a point that is supported by the fact that certain activity that have fascinated the older generation first but have now moved on to include the younger generation a well ( without of course losing any importance to the older generation , it 's like a side-by-side activity ) do exist . sports can therefore be enjoyed by both , the young and the old , and doe not leave anyone behind . if you do n't feel like jumping down a cliff into the ocean then do n't - there 's other activity like running , iceskating or , the one i referred to above to illustrate an activity moving down the generational ladder rather than up : nordic walking . and what about a very different pasttime activity that both , the yound and the old enjoy : going out and enjoying oneself with friend . while the youth ha bar , pub and club to enjoy itself , the older generation usually prefers location with le noise and more atmosphere , yet not necessarily le fun . if one enjoys a nice restaurant or a dance then age doe n't really matter - a 90-year old can enjoy himself next to a 30-year old and both will be having a blast . yet another point i would like to make is money and time . it 's a known fact that older people , especially retiree , statistically have more money to spend than younger people , who might have to support an entire family of four or more on one single income , do . and unfortunately , in our society money equal fun . a very good example is travelling , which in our society is just another word for seemingly endless enjoyment all over the world . travelling is quite expensive though , a family of four will not be able to afford a carribean cruise on a ship , nor will it have time or money for an extended cruise or travel that last longer than a week or two . with more time on their hand older people can usually sit back and relax , enjoy their free time in foreign country or even at home with their friend . which , a my final point , is what i think the most important factor of enjoying oneself . friends are the salt in the soup , and while older people do n't tend to have more friend than the younger generation ( true , i do n't have any hard evidence to support this , but it ha been my general observation in my immediate environment ) , they usually tend to have closer friend that they have known for decade . sharing one life with a life partner or a good friend is what make life worth living to some people , and in order to do that age doe n't matter - attitude matter . i think i have made my point clear that i do not think that younger people enjoy life more than older people do . from the outside and from a rather superficial point of view this might seem to be the case , given that according to the medium - which unfortunately is made mostly for young people - only young people seem to enjoy life on tv and in the movie . it 's a certain stereotype that the movie industry ha been presenting u for many year and it seems to have attached itself to our society where age equal boredom and loneliness . personally i think that if i had a time machine and would be able to look at a 20 year older me i would discover , that the older me would still be having fun in life and enjoying itself just a the young me doe right now .