i think that specializing in one subject is better than having a broad knowledge of many academic subject , and this for many reason . at the time you begin study where you have the choice to specialize or not , which mean you 're entering university you already had a large view of different topic during high school year . so a majority of people already know what tehy like and wa is theiy are good at specializing is also a good way to quickly do what you think you are made for . it also allows people to find a job quicker a they have been specialising earlier . during high school year pupil study a large variety of subject and most of tehm at the end know what they like . it can be rather science , litterature , sport , economy . thus they can already know where their point of interest are and specialize already in their freshman year . it is time and money consuming to study subject that you are not really interested in and that wo n't be useful in you career or even in your personal development . if you think you like for example physic , studying it at the beginning of your university year will enable you , first to see if you really want to be a physician , second to have a greater involvement in what you are studying , by following more class and conducing more experiment . an other important point is that by being more specialize it is more easy to find a job at the end of your study . people think specialist are more reliable in the task they are given to do than others . however somes could say that by specializing you miss the big picture of the broad knowledge offered at univerisity . they also think that specialist are boringing people only focused on their subject . it 's oftenly not true , if you specialize in one subject during course you can also have many other center of interest outside your college our university . you can be studying science like math and play soccer at a very high level . some rugbymen who played in the english national were in fact doctor . you can also focus on poetry and be interested in economy and learn it not a an academic subject . thus , i think that spezialing in one subject is not only the most efficient way of studying it'also a way to accomplish yourself through something you realy like and are able to do .