i agree with the statement that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . firstly , the fuel reserve on this planet are limited and the consumption of fuel is only increasing with time . one of the reason for the increase in fuel consumption , mainly petroleum , which is easier and cheaper to refine , is the growing population worldwide . petrol is not only needed to run car but also needed to run city - to generate electricity which is needed to run all our electrical appliance at home . also with an increase in air travel , the fuel consumption ha gone up . another reason for increase in fuel consumption is due to the increase in industrialization and other technological advance and research . thus although the fuel consumption is increasing , the resource are limited and hence the demand will eventually outdo the supply . thus to prevent this the number of car running on the road will need to be reduced . although , alternative resource of fuel which are more enviornment friendly are being researched , such a substituting petroleum with ethanol , which is being widely discussed about currently , the researcher have a long way to go before this can be used commonly by the consumer . various other factor such a fuel economy and effect of using this alternative on the car engine need to be sorted out . i also feel that the cost of substituting petroleum with other fuel alternative would be very high and not possible for the common man to sustain fuel charge for his car from econimics point of view . hence not many will be able to afford car then automatically causing a deline in the number of car . lastly , we all know that the current increase in the number of vehicle on the road in addition to the increase in fuel consumption is causing a lot of enviornmental change . global warming is only increasing by the day . even scientist are shocked with the effect of pollutant released in the air on our climate . these drastic change in our climate will compel u to decrease the use of car and look for more enviornment friendly alternative .