this is a controversial topic since the condition are different for different country . firstly in today world of development and technology , there are many distraction like the video game , movie , computer and gadget like the ipod . some people feel that community work like visiting oldage home is a waste of time . they feel that they can do thing which are more useful fot the person than the community during that period of time . it is sometimes this casual attitude due to which people lose interest in their community . there are other factor which have led to the decrease in participation in the commuinty . youth over the age have felt that the commuinity in some is demoralizing them . for example in india , due to the poor condition of the country , a child feel that why should he or she give something to the community if the community ha n't done enough for him or her . if this trend go on increasing then lesser number of child will not try to help their community . sometimes it depends how the child ha been brought up . if the family never did anything for the community then it is bound that the child might do the same . with this negetive attitude i do n't feel that it will ever help anyone , neither the youth nor the community . however i think it not the same everywhere . i tend to do a lot for my community . as a family tradition every year my mother and i visit the local old age home and spend hour talking to them . during festive season , we get clothes and food for the old people and even try to bring in more activity for them . this ha helped me to understand elder better and respect them . this year i participated in a progam of ` each one teach one ' where we got a chance to teach little child from slum area . this wa one of my most gainful experience and it helped me to be more optimistic . i take part in several project related to saving and planting more tree , cleaning the school campus , taking care of school animal for which i have recieved an award . every year we collect old clothes for the poor in our school and neighbourhood . in conclusion , it seems that the negetive attitude of the younger generation is declining it intrest in the community . it is not right because one can not expect the community for u . we a a member of the community have to lend a helping hand in small area like helping in oldage home , teaching child who do not have proper mean of education . according to me it a give and take relationship . this mean in order to recieve something from the community we need to put in our part of the effort and have a positive outlook towards all this and only then will our community will give something in return . but i think someone ha to start this cycle and only the younger youth can .