with the rapid development of society and technology , the car we use today migh have something different in the future . i strongly agree that there will be fewer car in use than there are today twenty year later in consideration of economic , earth-friendly , and technological factor . first , the great number of car and the shortage of oil trouble many industrial country in the world . generally speaking , car are proved to be the worst efficient transportation . it is because that we usually drive alone but a car can take at least four people at a time . the space is not used is a waste of time and money . people will rethink about the necessarity of driving car , especially when the price of the oil is so expensive . driving car is not an economic choice at all today . the second reason why i think car will be replaced soon is that car bring out too many disadvantage to both human and the earth . even though that sometimes people think that it is very convenient to drive a car , it cause more pollution than we expect , such a noise and air pollution . many study show that the air pollution caused by car have negative impact on the fertility of animal . not mention that the noise pollution cause health problem . therefore , i think the natural resource on earth , the most precious treasure shared by all human and animal , should be protected by using le car . lastly , technology will change the way of life when it come to the desperate need of customer . many scientist and businessmen today are looking forward to having some new mass transit system or invention to replace the car . take the internet for example , people can take online course and do online shopping without driving out . hence , maybe twenty year later , we do not need car to go to another place . instead , we can do all the thing by the aid of technology in communication and transportation . in summary , i believe that the number of car will decrease in twenty year for car consume too much oil , car cause a series of pollution , and more cutting-age mass transit system will be provided . as a result , i think that the decreasing of car will be just around the corner .