the future of the automobile is today an uncertain one . car ownership ha been raising in the last decade . but at the same time , the cost of that ownership and the environment consequence of running an automobile have been on the rise too . it is my opinion , that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . firstly , the pollution consequence on environment due to the multiplication of car have been observed more and more over the past year . for instance , this multiplication ha had a great effect on global warming . these consequence have motivated the government of several country to take action by adoption tougher legislation on car ' emission . for example , the government and congress of california adopted tough law to make sure that the automobile manufacturer would respect the state 's environmental law . at the same time , many country have ratify the kyoto protocol which deal with the issue of global warming . most of these country have adopted legislation concerning car that would meat accordingly with the kyoto protocol . but , if this doe not respond to the problem of global warming , government might legislate so that car ownership is reduce to one per household . adoption of public transportation politics by government like tax reduction might incitate the general population to use more the public mean of transportation such a the subway , the bus or the tramway . those politics might reduce the number of car . secondly , the cost of running a car ha risen drastically in the course of the past year due mainly to high gas price . it ha come to a certain point that a lot of people have decided not to use their car to go to work and use instead the public transportation facility . their automobile sits at home while not being used . if it is in the city , this excessive parking time might cost a fortune to the car 's owner . undoubtedly , this car 's owner will not buy another automobile after this one . and if this scenario is repeated for other people than it will see a general reduction of the world 's car ownership . in conclusion , the high environment cost of using the automobile and the raising price to it ownership are factor that will create a reduction in world 's car ownership .