community is where the people thrive and learn the lesson of social life . serving the community is one of the way you can pay back . we live in a global village which ha no boundary and it would be short sighted of u to just consider our own community . to start with i would like to disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . there are quite a number of reason for the same . when a community face a problem then all people associated come forward to solve the problem . young people are a much a part of the community a anyone else . and if they do n't help their community then it them who will have to suffer along . for an instance the students at iit powai , mumbai cleaned the powai lake which is a fresh water body and one of the major source of drinking water in mumbai . no one forced them to do this but they made wave when they undertook this task and many organization came forward to help with equipment and funding . then again there are other way in which one can help . like for an instance blood donation campaign and donation of clothes and necessary item for the needy . we at our company have regular blood donation campaign and help age group activity . donations are never monitory but still they help . sometimes we just give our time , time for the people who crave attention like the generation of grandparent . and this also give a sort of self satisfaction and self revelation a well . there are also people who are joining red-cross and other organization to help the needy . the doctor in these mission are also young . i know a family personally who renounced everything for the good of the down-trodden , and they are not just any graduate but engineer working for mncs . in the end i would like to say that help can be of different kind , if we are helping the world a a whole then we should not be self centered to just consider our own place only . so it is not correct to say that young are not helping the community when they are helping the world a a whole .