in our today 's modern world , we are invaded by car . cars are everywhere creating big problem for the envrionment . there are no more space to park his vehicle , they pollute the environment so much that it is hard to breath sometimes , but still , their number is increasing . i do not agree with the statment that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . in my essay , i will talk about the influence of the economic 's growth , the new technology , and the importance of transportation . in modern society the economie increase which also improves people level of life . people having a higher level of life is translated by receiving higher income , in other word people have more money . a family with low income will purchase only one car to fit their need , however if the same family receives higher income , it give them the possibility to purchase an another car etc . .. that is why today in modern society , we only see one driver for one car . with higher level of life , people are purchasing more vehicle . an increasing economie allows to spend more money in reasearch of new technology . by purchasing more car , you give the ability to the manufacturer to gain benefit to improve their product . a google example today is the japanese company toyota , they created a hybrid model , which in short allows the costumer to save fuel and to pollute le . to create new technology , researcher need money to be able to advance . the vehicle 's market is on a growth slope , and every new model of car show a technologie improvement . as far a human 's history is known , transportation ha always been important . the world today is not closed , boundary are opened and always need to reach different point in this world . it ha always been for economical reason . for example , a person work in a big city but can not afford to live inside the city . this same person will buy a place outside the city . to be able to reach her work from her home she will need transportation . at first it wa walking , then bicyle but the person is looking for a faster way therefore she buy a car . the car is not safe so she will purchase a safer car , and so on . .. transportation is very important for u . purchasing new car give the ability to the manufacturer to improve their vehicle . i do not agree that there will be fewer car in the twenty year . the growing economie is allowing the car to improve therefore will we have better , safer and even more car on our road .