it is asked whether grasping the idea and concept are more valuable than learning and just memorizing the fact . i hold the view that , although sometimes it is useful to learn the fact , to be able to understand the idea and the underlying reason behind a particular topic is far more crucial . the student should be expected more than learning the fact and way of critisizing these fact should be taught them . to begin with , i believe that the fact do not always remain constant . they can change with time and old fact can be replaced with completely new fact . thus , the fact itself are not always reliable . to illusrate it with an example , before galileo and some other scientist it wa believed that the world wa flat . besides , it wa a well accepted fact . however , later the fact were questioned and replaced with newer fact . what i can recommend here is that learning the way which go to these fact are more important and the idea and concept behind these fact form a more solid understanding for the student . secondly , the fact are usually more difficult to keep in mind . since i am also a student , i know very well that the fact are easily forgotten after one year or even after the course finish . thus , to understand idea would enable the student to carry their knowledge to their later period of life . besides , focusing on the concept and general idea would also enable them to study more effectively , since they are usually more easy to remember . thirdly , the fact do not prepare the student for a real life at all . usually at school , the student just keep the fact in mind , which are explained by the teacher . later on , the student just memorize the fact in order to be ready for the exam and they usually do not grasp the topic a a whole or they can not add something from themselves . however ; when these student will graduate afterwards and will be in the real life , they will be expected to be able to interpret , to make comment and to offer new solution based on basic idea and concept . therefore at school , the student should be trained and encouraged to question the fact and offer alternative to these fact . that is often a more effective way of education than learning the fact . in conclusion , i support the idea that to understand the idea and concept is more crucial than just trying to keep the fact in mind . there is no guarantee that the fact would remain a they are and a student should learn to do more than just memorizing the fact in order to be ready for a life outside of school when they graduate . thus , student are better encouraged to understand the idea and concept and be able to critisize the fact , which i think is more important than the fact .