as we move further in the new era of technology , the world of advertisment is crutial in proposing new product to the mass so a to increase their demand on the market . however , a time ha gone on the world of advertising ha stopped being a method to promote and ha developed a a commercial industry ready to do anything in order to make a product more appealing . a possible justification to this phenomenon is the `` fashion '' behind each advertisment . often do we buy a product because of it appealing advertisment rather than it content . this is due to the popular fame that some product achieve through their advertisment , especially within the teenage population . as a young adult , i can see the onspread of this tendency when speaking with fellow friend and affronting the argument of wether a type of clothing is fancy or not just because of the advertisment behind it . i also think that advertisment ha taken on this role because of the advancing of technology , such a television or on line pop ups , which effectivly keep on promoting product . it is because of this increased supply in way to advertise that advertisment ha taken on another role and doe not limit itself to selling a product but try to make it seem much better than it truly is . this tie in with the next concept : better technology , such a tv animation , have induced company in portraying product such a food a more tasty just through their advertisment . how often have we seen a pizza look more tasty on tv than on our real life kitchen table ? why not consider the increase in advertisments a more appealing than the actual product a a result of the same availability of a particular product ? for example , an expnential increase in cellular phone ha requested company to portray each cell phone a more useful , technological and handy then it actually is because of the competition that can be found in the mobile sector . thus , when we look at a newspaper ad or watch a tv commercial , i think we must take concius action to question the actual product that is trying to be sold to u at all cost , and refer to the item itself before purchasing it .