young people of this generation are different from the past generation . we are more involved in growing technology and change to the world around u , although many young people to spend time getting involved in their community and it activity , the effort is weak and only from a minority of young people . the past generation that did apply themselves to their community and really put in the effort to be involved , may not have been so interested if they had the availability of technology that we have today . although that might sound very negative that young people are more interested in video game than their community , many do find more exciting and amusing thing to do with their free time . in this day and age we have computer and telephone , video game and music system , we are all lucky to have such great gadget in our reach at such a young age , and also for it to be so easily obtainable . although this is a wonderful thing for the younger generation , the past generation have chosen to frown upon it . i have watched mother scream for their child to move away from the television or unglue their finger from the keyboard of their laptop , all because they are frustrated with what the younger generation ha chosen a their childhood enjoyment . the community should be a major part of a child life , even beyond that if possible , child need to learn how to embrace the world around them , not be locked in their room with a telephone attached to their face . there is much more going on outside in the world , and by being involved in it all is where all of life experience are gained from and how we all learn to grow a people into young adult . our community need to know that there is more in the future than computer and phone , that there is communication through expression and fun . the younger people need to remember their root , their home and the enjoyment all around them , the many oppertunities the community ha to offer . the community is put in the hand of the up and coming generation and if we do not take responsibility , then no one will .