there exists an opinion that young people nowadays do not tend to spend enough time to helping their community . indeed , i agree with this statement . first of all , the notion of individualization ha taken over in modern time and consequently among the young generation . young people place more value on individual interest than they do on the interest of the community they are in . as a result they tend to devote an appreciable amount of time to their own work and private life . this in turn , a may easily be guessed , doe not leave much time for them to do something for their community . moreover , the life of young people became much more difficult than they were in the past . by the word ` difficult ' i mean that the condition that face the young generation are more cruel and competitive . the world population and hence the amount of young people increase year by year . therefore , in order to achieve something in life , the representative of the young generation have to work much harder and concentrate more on their own interest . in other word , they just do not have time to be engaged in helping their community . i would like to bring my life a an example . i want to become a successful scientist in the future . however , nowadays there is an appreciable amount of student who would like to pursue a scientific career - especially in my field ( genetics ) . therefore , in order to ` outweigh my rival ' i have to work quite hard and have very little time to help my parent , relative or friend . furthermore , helping someone else in general and the community in particular should involve a great sense of responsibility . however , a far a i could observe the member of the current young generation usually lack that . in other word , they do not want to take responsibility for someone else and hence do not tend to help that ` someone else ' . in conclusion , i would like to mention that in view of the reason and the example stated above , i certainly think that at our time young people do not spend a reasonable amount of time devoted to helping their community .