as soon a a child begin schooling he/she is taught to be creative , to think out of box , rather be unconventional at time , challenge the existing dogma . perhaps these are the virtue that have helped mankind in the development of the world today . these are also reflected in successful people . they try new thing , take risk and this is what make them successful and different from the common man and perhaps i fully support the statement . imagine if people did not try new thing and take risk , then would and new metal or perhaps discovery by madam curie be possible . would america be discovered by columbus if he did not take the risk to venture out on a round the world trip . would we know of legend like hercules , achilles or alexander if they did not take the risk of conquering the world . perhaps even today we would have thought that the earth is flat and not round , earth is the center of the universe and may be we would still be writing on leaf instead of paper . sucess can not be quantified and what is success to one might be just an ordinary achievement for other . to this critic might say that you should do your work with proper thought and achieve mastery in one expertise rather than be a master of all . this what they would say that `` you should work on only what you know rather than take risk and try new thing '' . but in my opinion the answer to this is that , would `` microsoft '' be there where it is today if `` bill gates '' had not taken the risk and tried to be unconventional rather be submissive . also if we take the example of the field of medicine , then perhaps new discovery would rather be impossible . if our doctor had not taken the risk involved in organ transplantation , cancer research , or may be stem cell research then perhaps many people would have not been here today a they are because of them . to this i may add that being foolhardy is also not advisable . you should take risk only when you know that there is an element of success there . just trying to show off will not land you anywhere . therefore if i were to conclude then perhaps to be successfull you will have to try new thing and be courageous to take risk but only when it is advisable and needed . imitating others might give you momentary success or may be even more but not the recognition wherein you will be remembered for something new .