i do not believe that there will be fewer car in twenty year from now . my doubt are particularly fueled by the aspect of mobility which i believe to be having an even gaining influence on our life . in the face of incessant globalization , people will most probably be more and more forced to be flexible in a physical sense . both the ability and the willingness to move and to have a long way to work will be essential in the world of tomorrow even more than they are today . higher mobility will naturally require more car . the main argument against the continuing spread of vehicle may and can be seen in the environmental issue affected by their use . the certainly ever-growing awareness of these often ferocious environmental downside will for sure have a long distance effect on people bying car . but i believe that this will only be the case if car manufacturer will not succeed in developing car with considerably le harmful environmental side-effects than they have today . if these corporation , however , do achieve this goal on an effective scale , and there is at least some reason to believe they do , i am convinced people will not be deteriorated from bying car in any way . but i believe not only the improved environmental issue to be a potentially enhancing factor on car sale . looking at the technological development of the last hundred year , it seems quite plausible to assume that car will keep becoming le and le expensive , at least a far a low - and mid level car are concerned . i believe that the car will not only pursue but also broaden it dominance a a mass product , increasingly reaching more and more potential customer . naturally , my argument is only convincing if the automobile industry find a both affordable and effective way of reducing the devastating effect of car with regard to air pollution , i.e. global warming . one may , of course , doubt whether the industry is willing and capable of reaching this goal . if not , customer will certainly shy away more and more from the car a an every-day item that we use even where not necessary . in the case of the latter , people will , i believe , be way more sensible in their conduct in twenty year , probably to a degree at which this sensitivity even effect their consuming habit . in the face of global warming , i would certainly support such a change .