the development of mass medium wa the beginning of a new era of avertisement . virtually all company make use of advertisement using the possibility given by the new form of mass medium a for example the tv or the internet . i agree with the statement that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . first reason for my point of view is economical . given the fact that firm take their decision on the basis of rationality there ha to be an economical icentive for them to invest in advertisement . and so it 's quite obvious that the firm intend to increase their sale by the way of advertizement . and the consumer are now buying more from the firm 's product for one simple reason . the firm 's product seems to them much better than it really is . and the firm knowing this fact make use of this by advertizing . another argument is psychological . i personally have made the experience that the way one consider the value of certain object is highly influenced by the way that other people talk about these object . for example , once most of my friend bought a new video game . and whereas i had n't liked this certain game a short time before , from this moment on getting this game seemed to be the most important thing in the world . and this process is now linked to the effect of advertisement , because the advertisement for a lot of product is made by very popular people like a tennis star or show master of an tv show . and this effect how people think about the product . the product seems in most case much better than it really is . even if advertisement often conveys true information about a product awakening the interest of the people . i believe that there is mostly a strong effect influencing the people in a way , so that there is difference between the true value of a product and the value the people think . and this mean that there take place an alienation of the people preference . and from an economical point of view this ca n't be good for the welfare of the society .