what may difine enjoying life ? just having fun and not doing what they suppossed to do ? as a younger generation person , i recent that statement above . people in our age , became more difficult than older people do . in my short life , i figured one thing ; what am i doing is not choice , this is requirement to live my life . most adult are going to their job at eight o'clock or something like that . it is basically same a any other student . after we are going to school we are having bunch of test or quiz from school . if we did not take this test or quiz , our grade will be lowered . many people think this is just kidding if they compare to any adult , but this pressure is aweful . first of all , they are going to call their parent and their parent are going to yell at the child . this is not just stressful , it make my life miserable . if it is only school work , than it is nothing . we have sat or ap subject exam , which are not exist in adult world . we also have some extra activity that we need to go to . after all of these stuff , we finally have a vacation . in two or three month , we are having enjoy our moment with pressure about sat or aps for next year . on the other hand , adult would is rudimentary . some older people say you are nothing but fake . what are they basically doing for their life ? during week day , they are going to their job or go to meeting . if something go wrong , they need to fix it and maybe improve it for better job . there is difference between adult and young people . adults are choosing what they want to know and we younger people are forcing to do stuff . it is really different . after their job or work , parent are asking how their school wa and start to speak about better life . tt lead to u have more studying and every adult are going to enjoy their moment . they might be watching a tv or walking for their healthy . during weekend , while younger people are studying older people are going to play golf without any pressure . therefore , adult are enjoying more than younger people do . under certain circumstance , younger people enjoy little bit once an year . however , adult are enjoying their moment almost everyday and they only complain about younger people . therefore , i believe older people enjoy life more than younger people do .