having a wide perspective and a broad knowledge in many academic field is much better and necessary than specializing in a single subject , especially in our modern and diverse society . this necessity becomes much more apperant when one considers social study . academic work in social field , because they are mainly dealing with human being and their action , unlike engineering , requires a broad understanding of human behaviour in order to make meaningful and accurate assestments of their action . many of the issue that we face today are very much inter-related . it is very hard to isolate a single problem from the other and specifically study it without ever engaging it neigboring field . for instance , a sociologist who plan to study the criminal tendency among an specific cultural group must not only have information about the history of these people , but must also have an adequate amount of knowledge about how economic condition which might influence human behaviour should be interpreted . moreover , she must have a knowledge of interpreting economical data , which would also necessiate a minimum level knowledge of statistical data . hence , a illustrated above , a study on criminal tendency would at least necessiate knowledge of history , economics and statistic . another difficulty with focusing in one specific subject is that it narrow your perspective and may result in disorientation regarding the place that the specific subject occupies within the general picture . every social event , apart from it internal structure or working , is also interacting with other part of the social field in an active way . therefore , many time in order to get a meaningful analysis of the particular social structure that one is analyzing , it should be placed within a wider context and interpreted within the light that the context shed on it . without this broader outlook , it is possible to fall into many cliche and misinterpret a social structure . for instance , some practice concerning woman in many eastern culture might seem oppressive to a western academic , if she only focus on that specific practice . however , a broader perspective which put that social practice within the context , for example a religious context , could make it much more understandable . the act which seems oppressive might be reinterpreted a based on the consent of woman , and therefore not constituting a form of power relation . therefore , putting thing in context and looking at them from a wider perspective would yield to better result . we are living in an increasingly diverse society and it is much more easier for different people to interact with each other due to the advencements in information technology . within this diverse world , any academic who take interest only at a single specific field would be lacking the necessary tool for producing meaningful analysis of society . therefore , what the modern world need is academic who are trained in different field and academic who can put together information from different field into meaningful whole .