there is an opinion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . as far a i 'm concerned , i believe that this issue should be evaluated in the certain context . having a broad range of knowledge subject , we willl get exposure to a variety of knowledge field , which will prepare u with some universal knowledge which are necessary for any futher reasearch . also , the access to a wide range of study subject will help u to foster a good thinking mode to reason the any academic issue from a high-level perspective before we go any further . however , the knowledge the learner get through this way may not be much substantial at the cost of the wide range . specific subject , on the other hand , will benefit the learner , with an in-depth knowledge and skill set , which are critical to explore in the certain field and to get substantial understanding of the major he work on . only with intensive training in the specific subject , one could be expected to make impressive achievement in this field . comparing the advantage and charecteristis of the broad knowledge and specific subject , we can tell that they help people in different way . as a result , the focus on the different side of these two study mode varies accordingly to the studying period the learner is in . for instance , if a person is a beginner , it is necessay to instill him with a wide range of knowledge , such a philosophsoy , geometry and math , etc . only through the extensive learning , he can build himself a well-prepared platform for any further research . in another circumstance , if the learner is already well equipped with a broad range of knowledge and doe know where his academic interest and strength lie in . the specific subject learning should kick in . since he need , at this time of period , the solid specific subject knowledge to prospell , even accelarate his reasearch in certanin academic field , rather than staying in the phase of exposing to a broad range of knowledge a much a possible .