usually , when we think about globalization and it consequence , we often focus on economics implication or technological one . one major change that this controversial process ha brought - but that is too frequently omitted - concerned the way people are travelling . as a matter of fact , since the internet ha started to be available almost everywhere , a lot of destination that used to be unaccesible for the common traveller are now safe and cheaper . this whole new environment led many traveller to quit the traditionnal way of travelling abroad - in a group with a tour guide - for a wilder type of trip : alone without anybody to guide you - no matter what your destination is . as far a i am concerned , i truly think that this new wave in the travelling industry is a good thing since it is way more interesting and exciting than the oldfashioned one . first , travelling alone give you more liberty to visit what really you are really interested in . if you do not like art museum then you wo n't be obligated to spend hour of your limited amount of time in a specific city admiring the work of picasso . travelling on your own allow you to make up your personal itineary according to your taste and not on the tour guide one . in the same order of idea , travelling in a group can imply a lot of other constraint that may make your trip le enjoyable . for instance , you often have to be at a specific place really early in the morning so you do n't really have the `` right '' to sleep in the morning , go the bed late etc . however , the main disadvantage of travelling in a group with a tour guide is that it doe not give you the opportunity to fully `` live '' and understand the culture of the country you are visiting . usually , tour guide bring you to the touristic hot spot where everyone speak english , have a camera and is able to act in a western way . consequently , you do n't really experience the real way of living of the local a you do not get the chance to share their everyday life . on the opposite , travelling on your own - either with your backpack or in a more luxious way - allow you to explore hidden place , to get in touch with ordinary people from the street and to take the time to learn about the other . i could go on with many others reason that support my idea that the best way to travel is not in a group led by a tour guide but ultimately , i think than choosing the way you want to travel is more a matter of personality , of budget and of interest . there is bad way of travelling . but there is certainly one that suit you better .