traffic , a rapid increase in fuel price and it scarcity , pollution and the related environmental threat , the number of accident : they are all element that probably will lead in the next future to a sharp decrease in the number of car . as many people , and in particular the car industry , may think that , on the contrary , car will continue to be increasingly used , i am confident new solution will be applied . it ha to be said that the modern public service , with regard to way of transport offered , have a better quality than the past year . trains and subway can now considered a reliable way to move from a place to another , with no risk to get there later . traffic jam , instead , is the first reason for people to be late and to increase their daily stress : this situation is the main reason for people to let their car parked . using car is also not convenient , from an economic point of view . today , fel cost , which increase at a pace rate , ha a negative impact on a family income . i can handle my personal experience . my parent , for example , decided to reduce the time they use the car to move , or , at least , they try to combine their different necessity going out together , in order to save fuel . moreover , is ha been proved that air pollution , due to car - emission , is the first cause of breath disease , even in young people . to contrast the indiscriminate use of car , many italian municipality , decided to prevent car from moving in period when wheather condition worsen the concentration of dangerous pariculates in the air . and connected to this , somewhere fee to car entrance in the city have been introduced . for all these reason , i am confident that in the following year , an increasing number of people will be more aware of the positive outcome in not using car and , a a consequence , their sale will be lower . when the number of car will be reduced , we all feel healthy ( a bike will outspread in our city with no consequence for the environment ) , happy with the money saved we would buy thing more useful and confident that it wa the right thing to do .