success is a relative subject . everyone 's success perception is quite different . while one think that success is gained by following the given instruction properly and completing a task by this way , other think that success come with invention and creativity . i think the real success requires the both . however , there is a risk factor for the second success perception . what if one fails while trying the new thing ? what if a successful known person can not achieve it this time ? those quetions sometimes prevent the people from trying the new . in this writing two underlying reason for that prevention is mentioned . the first reason stem from the nature of the human being . we are all afraid of being a loser . think about the situation in which people behave dishonest about their current study . for example , think about a student who tell that s \ he doe not study for the exam , although s \ he study day and night . why do you think s \ he behaves so ? the reason is that s \ he is not sure whether s \ he can achive or not and because of the fear of losing s \ he prevents the others from knowing about the situation a possible a s \ he can . however , when we achieve something and get rid of the losing risk , we do not strictly try to be shy on the subject . that 's the human nature from which we can not escape . another reason that make the people escape from trying the new is again related with the fear explained in the previous paragraph , that 's the fear of losing . however , this time it is the fear of losing reputation and it is more related with the people who are widely known a successful one . those people are afraid of losing their early gained reputation about success . in particular , a professor working on a great project but keep it a a secret can be a good example for the situation . to conclude , i partially agree with the idea `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they alraedy know how to do well . '' i agree that successful people try the new and they should also : they do not take risk so easily .