the humankind always need succeed to reach good life standard therefore success is a very important aspect of humanslife . everyone ha a different point of view about the idea of success . people who want to be successful need to try new thing and need to find different way . these are my following reason . firstly , if someone reach the thing which he want to do for the first time , than it is not about being successful , but about being lucky . the best example for this is thomas edison . he tried to find the electricity for several time , but he did not think that he wa not be able to invite it . he always tried and tried . he said that , ` i tried million of time to find the electricity , but i never give up trying . i am happy that i can know the way which i ca n't be successful about this finding . `it mean , taking the risk on the way which go to being successful is the best idea for finding the right way . he managed ; because he took all the risk on this way . in addition to this , taking risk to be successful is very important to manage what is wanted to do . if someone want to cook very well , then they need to make distasteful food first . people need to try new thing . furthermore , in the school . teachers ask question to their student . someone , who is not sure about the answer , can raise the hand and go to the blackboard to solve the question . even the solution that the student did is wrong , this is the best way of learning the right for student . specially in mathematics class . even though i wa not sure about the solution , i always wanted to try to solve and i wa always the volunteer . the last but not least , the way which go to succeed is not always clear , there is often difficulty . for example , someone want to study abroad , brings everything in his behind and go to the country where he will study . in this situtation , he take a risk loosing his all relationship between friend and even between his family . moreover , he also take a risk of not knowing someone from this country . if he need a help , then there is nobody at the first time when he go this country . on the other hand , at the end of this risk , he will return to his own counrty a knowing new language and being a gratuated from a university , new opportunity etc . there is only thing why he did so many thing , just for being successful , for being an important man in his job . all in all , a i said before , for being successful , taking risk is the most important thing . both , if someone take risk then at the and of that , it is surely that he wiil be able to manage this , and if someone get successful for the first time , is not about being successful . my motto is , experience is the mother of wisdom . if person experience all the way and take all the risk , it is understandable that they are gonna be successful and manage what they want to do .