last november seemed colder than usual , not because of the early winter gust wind , but because of one man who ha been forgotten deeply in my mind for a year . i stared at the portrait of this man . around me wa only the mourning sound combined by high and low vocal sound . the man in the portrait-my father-was gone in my early life . a korean proverb say that the flower produce sweet fruit only after it loses it beautiful petal . while anyone might expound it meaning thorugh the abstract-that perseverance thorough hardship is rewarded-i decided to illustrate it significant meaning thorugh various aspect of my life . in a sense , it is the maxim that drive and motivates me not to be succumbed to people 's common pessimism toward people without parent . perseverance strenghthens my body . few year ago , i committed myself to a class to learn kungfu . but it wa more than a leisurely hobby to sate some restless action film-inspired teenages ; it wa a process of grueling training under a demanding master who wa quick to rebuke any fault . in a short time , every other student quit , having grown weary of awaking at dawn on weekend for the sake of physical exhaustion . i knew better ; rather than be discouraged by the sudden trend , i reasoned that the benefit of continuing-physical fitness , discipline , and competency in legendary martial art-far outweighed the costs-foregoing the chance to sleep in . through the course of two-year regimen , i continued to learn , emerging with confidence ahead of those who had quit under exertion . rather than be discouraged by the past , i found the source of comfort and challenge by refusing to succumb to ethical temptation for the sake of physical convenience . perseverance temper my emotion . when cancer claimed my father 's life last year , it wa inevitably difficult . it wa not a simple process , but i learned that the most important form of perseverance is hope . through hope , bitter memory of my father 's death were redirected into fond nostalgia of his life ; worrisome lingering on whta the had left uncompleted truned into excitement at the prospect of accomplishing his dream myself . a korean trained businessman with a profound knowledge of international economy , one of his goal wa to study in the united state . inspired by his rich life , i seek to fulfill our common goal in the united states to share there my own unique korean living in china . so far , i have shed many petal of tear and sweat . unlike many fellow student of mine at school , i 've lost the most important source of inspiration in life-father . unlike my friend , i , one of the young people for my age , failed to enjoy my life by not caring for the hidden inspiration of my life in the past . i believe that the sweetest fruit yet lie at the time i become old myself like my father .