the man need for decrease in time for travelling ha resulted in increased number of vehicals . the most common mean of transport is through public . but , with growing need of man this is not the case . man ha started to buy his own vehicals mostly car a they provide a convenient mode of transportation . the one of the reason behind this is that a car provides a perfect mode of transportation for the whole family . the car is more benificial a it provides a lot of space sit and provides a lot of space to carry thing that are required to make a perfect holiday . this is unlike public transportation were you will have to carry your own luggage where ever you go thus , leaving your belonging to their own fate . there is an increase in number of car used now a day . as they not only provide total satisfaction but also provide an image in the society . today we distinguish people by their clothing , their social behaviour and their social status . thus , in a race to prove their social status men have bought car and bike that are real expensive . not only that the modern day youth is obssesed by the fastest car available thus leading to increase in motor sport like formula 1 and etc . the advancement in technology ha drasticaly effected the requirement to built a car that fit the modern day world . the company like hundai etc ; have made techincal advancement like introducing microprocessor chip inside a vehical feul system . have made the youth crazy them . unlike the past there are a lot of company that offer quality product thus insearch of a good marketing stratagie these motor vehicals were made more technically equiped . thus leading to technical advancement where one could automat his vehical to reach his destination , he could find which hotel is nearby and can even access internet and could see where he is . this is made possible through satellite communication known a gps . thus all these advancement in technology would lure even a common man to buy a car rather than travelling through public transportation . thus i see a growth in increase in number of car rather than a decrease .