understanding the idea and concept is exceptionally crucial when it come to learning for it creates the foundation of learning . unlike fact , fully understood idea and concept are appliable and can possibly extend the knowledge . this is especially true when it come to numerical field of study . without understanding the basic concept of countless law of nature , it is impossible to modify or apply the concept and develop them into new idea . for elementary example , kid generally learn multiplication by applying and expending their knowledge and concept of addition . by adding same group of number several time , the multiplication is understood and learned . without understanding the basic concept and idea of addition , the child may not follow the mere fact that three time two is equal to six . compared to understanding idea and concept , learning fact is a mere memorization . facts ha their beginning to the end . facts can be specified to certain event that can be fully described . facts are obtained to u by memorizing them . ideas and concept , however , can not be fully described in word . they are understood through more sofisticated advanced feature of our brain . if education wa based largely based on learning fact , the student may not be able to develop and use their brain fully ; rather , they would be trained to memorize than to understand and apply . also , it is through understanding other various idea and concept that student learn to perceive different aspect and form their opinion . through learning the different idea of great thinker such a socrates or confucious , which differ significantly , the student may see the broader view of the world of idea . learning fact however , can not teach u or make u perceive various aspect of life or world a effectively a the variety of concept doe . it is not an exaggeration to say that understanding idea and concept form the most basic step to the education and knowledge . it is through fully understanding idea and concept that one may learn the different view of world and be able to modify their understanding to more advanced and developed concept and idea . learning fact may be important in obtaining knowledge , however , it is understanding idea that teach you how to expand the knowledge .