some people hold the opinion that young perople enjoy life more than older people do . others have the oppsite point of view . this statement ha caused a heat debate for a long time . however , a far a i am concerned , i do agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do , at least it 's the case in china . since china is still a developping country , so by comparaison with the western developed country , like the usa or the france , the generation of my grand parent are normally not rich . as a result , they do not travel a lot a their child do . they prefer to save money for later use . consequently , most of the chinese old people , after their retirement , choose to stay at home every day instead of going out to enjoy life a their child do . also , there is a tradition in china that grand-parents look after their grand-children . this situation is considered rather common in the society . consequently , you can find a lot of young couple go for a trip alone and leave their child to their parent . however , let 's take a look at how the young people enjoy their life . firstly , the young people have more liberty a they are more energetic . as i have mentioned above , the young people do not need to worry about their child even when they are away since it is a tradition that the grand-parents take care of the grand-children when the parent are not there . and relatively , this young generation is richer than their parent are , so they choose to spend their money on enjoying their life , going for a trip for example . secondly , it is so commun that you find number of young people in the cinema after work or during the weekend . and they go to a bar with their friend after work , or go to a gymnasium during the weekend . since they are young and energetic , they know how to take advantage of their spare time and enjoy their life . however , it is so rare to find old people in pub or in gymnasium in china . maybe that 's not the case in europe or in the usa . however , i find in china , it is true that young people enjoy life more than older people do . perhaps there will be a change in the near future ? who know ?