in my opinion is impossible to theoretically define whether it is better to manage several academic subject or to go more in depth with just one subject . indeed , it really depends on the field you will apply this academic knowledge to . i think i 'm in an ideal position to give some example of different situation to which the two different approach apply . so far , in fact , i had two very different working experience , the first one a a controller in a multinational company and the second ( and current ) one a a management consultant . on the one hand , during my first work experience a a controller i had to get a deep understanding of all the accounting principle that regulated the activity of the finance department of my company . it wa a really tough experience because i had to get familiar with a lot of very specific and technical subject since otherwise the quality of my work might have been affected . i had to develop a very good memory to remember all the detail typical of this kind of field . on the other hand , during my current work experience a a management consultant i need to be more flexible than spcialized , so that now i 'm familiar with a huge variety of subject . i work , in fact , in several different industry - such a automotive , consumer good and banking - and in very different company ' function - like for instance marketing , human resource and finance . given that i usually work on very short project , i always need to get familiar with the context of a project in a short period of time , which mean that i need to have at least a generic background on that particular field . this usually allows me to work on the project without necessarly getting a very deep understanding of how the related inustry/functions work . to conclude , i would say that i generally prefer dealing with many different subject rather than specializing myself . nevertheless i think , a my working experience show , that there always could be situation where you also need to get a specialistic knowledge .