i agree with this statement . advertaisement is taking an important place in the decision to buy for a customer . i think that this fact is thanks to the popularity of television . spots are becoming more and more frequently and they continuosly influence who is whatching television . moreover , we can see advertaisement everywhere : on the bus , on the wall of underground , in the newspeapers . .. thanks to all these reason , company are developing the sector of advertisement , becouse in this way they can reach the costumer and so they have more chance to sell product . also this tendence is effective to know how the people is influenced by advertise and how is necessary showing a product in the best way . sometimes the firm present a product describing all it property , in particular all it quality . but they put particular attention in hidding the negative characteristic becouse these are a sort of negative advertaisement . in order to show good desiderable and amazing they try to invent some good quality and in this way they make a product much better than it really is . as far a i am concerned i think that this false advertisement is a negative aspect of the business of ours day . companies should do everything in order to sell their product , sometimes they even lie , that is orrible becouse they do n't garantee the costumer . when i want to buy something for me or especially for a present , i put all my attention in what i am buying , and a logical consquence is that i buy something that is famous , that is trendy . infact too not make any mistake i prefer to buy a product with a good brendt , that probabily should be better than one that is unknown . furthermore the brendt should give to the costumer sure characteristic , a good material for a dress , or good ingredient for a food . thus a direct consequence of this false advertaisement , according to me , is the increasing of product of a famous brendt that are more expensive and the small success of normal product .