enjoyement in a undefined term , it depends on an individual to define something enjoyable . a humanatarian wont find a wrestling match enjoyable but other may . ahunter would be delighted after hunting but a wild life protector would be engulfed with pain and agony . whether something is enjoyable or not is solely at an individual disrcretion . the situation , state , environment all are responsible for defining whether a particular situation is enjoyable or not . young people are supposed to be enjoying there life to the max a they are not restricted by any kind of physical problem . they are fit and a passionate to work and can enjoy the life without any problem . they can do what ever they want to do . they can eat anything they want to , indulge into all kind of activity , and can be careless . they can protect themselves and are independant . this is could be an advantage on the physical front . on an emotional front they are more strong . they can take tough decison and can venture into risky proposition cause they have ample time to make amends for if something go wrong . they dont have that much responsibilty and can be more open about there life . they are carefree and and are seldomly under pressure of something . the biggest problem that young people face once they are old enough to understand the reality of life are the presuure of making there position in the society , choosing a career and building it up , standing up to the expectation of others and ownself . they have an entire life to plan out and once they have achieved it they can enjoy more then any one . old people can also enjoy there life if they have all the basic necessacities available to them . they dont have to think about there future any more , they can lay back and bask , wake up , have a cup of tea , call up there friend and play game or have discussion . the only problem that they can have is on the medical , thats the only thing that make old age painful otherwiose if an old man ha the basic amenity for his survival and is still indipendant then he is far more happier . he is over with his responsibility and ha no more tension about his future .