i have to disagree with this statement , even i would prefer i could agree with it , a this would be the solution of a big problem we have nowadays , and which will be even worse in 20 year . there are some fact that lead to my oppinion . the first is very close related to the people around me , even myself . so if you take a look at the last decade it is clearly to recognise , that mankind is heading for a more convinient lifstyle . this includes having more individuality for your own . so what doe this mean then ? so everyone like to have his own car , not just one for the whole family , no , one for each driver license in the house . so next , what take place is that more and more people like to live in their own little castel , their own private house . this lead to bigger city , with it suburb far away from the city 's center where many inhabitant go to work . so it becomes necessary , that due to increasing demand of flexible employee , everybody really need that own car . it might be , that in big cities the number of car may increase not that much , a the puplic transportation becomes more attractive , with increasing traffic jam on the street , but it still seems convinient to the car driver to wait in the traffic jam with his audio entertainment center , the meanwhile usual builtin internet ace than waiting at a freezy train station . if you take this and think of the economic plan of the automobile coorperations to steadily increase the selling number by introducing their product on new market like china or africa it becomes pretty hard to believe , the number will reduce over the next 20 year . think of all the chineese people , who still do n't have a car in their family . think of them getting to the point , that all family member like to have it own car and can afford it . it seems to me , that it will still take u long to reach the turning point , the point when the number of car will be decreasing . it is really important to find other solution to fuel for our car , i hope we find alternative resource than oil , a the increasing amount of car is really endangering our enviroment . there are some idea that could prevent people from buying car . first the puplic transport system need to be more affordable and reliable , there need be special service , that privat car can not provide . the structure of city need to be overthought. `` work and live '' is a important idea , which state that people should live nearby where they work . so have a look further to the future , maybe in about 100 year something ha really changed , but not in 20 year , therefore we are just not far enough .