i believe older people enjoy their life a much a young people do . even though many people consider energetic and passionate young people tend to enjoy their life much more than older people , i can see many old people who love their life and are content with their current life with great happiness in tranquil peace . my grandparent , for example , enjoy their day and make themselves busy through participating in voluntary work and travel . my grandparent retired three year ago from their workplace . after quitting their job , they tried to find new voluntary work in order to keep themselves busy and enrich their life . as a volunteer at a local hospital , my grandmother worked to help people to get direction because the big hospital ha a quite complex structure . meeting new people and kindly helping stranger to the hospital are her job , and she really enjoys doing it . my grandfather , on the other hand , found a voluntary position at a local thrift store . he rearranges new coming donation good and help the worker at the share-thrift store . since many people use the store , he is busy and he told me he wanted to share his ability to work with the society where he belong to . last summer , my grandparent took a trip to egypt . since they had already retired , they were free from the duty from their workplace and able to arrange their date without any concern . now they can fully enjoy their trip . my grandparent were eager to visit one of the ancient civilization place , egypt , and experience the exotic landscape and tree in the middle east . they showed me their picture in front of pyramid with excitement on their face . they rode cammels in the middle of the bleak desert , and met egyptian people ! they are planning to take a trip to thailand next summer and i can read the excitement on their face . young people 's life can be full of new adventure and challenge in business , while old people 's life is peaceful and graceful , which is free from any hurry or heavy responsibility . my grandparent told me they could enjoy and realize their true value of life through getting involved in their community without profit . when they were young , they did not know something meaningful in their life because they were too busy working to earn money . but they told me they were enjoying their life more than when they were young . while i wa watching their happy face and contentment , i believe old people enjoy their life even more than young people do .