personally , i agree to the following statement : it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . many student tend to only memorize the fact and formula when they study for a test and do not try to go more in depth to understand the meaning behind it . however , memorization of fact only limit that person 's knowledge . although to learn the fact of a particular lesson is very important , a student need to realize the greater importance of fully understanding the idea and the concept . for example , when a student learns new formula in his/her math class , usually he/she undergoes a process where the teacher explains how these formula work . if the student is only taught to memorize the pythagorean theorem , he/she will be missing the important value about the theorem . it is after the teacher ha fully explained on how pythagoras discovered his theory when the student are able to understand the value and the use of it . they also will able to understand the `` why '' question . without the knowledge of why mathematician use this formula , many of the student will not be able to distinguish when to use these formula on a test or on a problem . this is not only a case in a math class . in many of the science book , student are taught vast amount of scientific fact such a friction , gravity , and light . however , to fully understand what these fact mean , they must understand the concept of it . it is best for the student to understand why friction occurs and how it happens rather than learning what is is . by learning fact , the student can learn the concerte , objective portion of the subject . however , through idea and concept , they are able to further learn about other possible solution and perspective . when a student fully understands the knowledge and the concept of it , he/she can use this new knowledge in other field . for example , just memorizing the fact of sine , cosine , and tangent formula doe not help the student to answer some of the physic question about angle of light incident and refraction . learning the fact only give shallow knowledge . when the student understand the idea and concept on how scientist and researcher came up with the fact , it mean that they are truly learning .