enjoying the life is more dependent on the factor like age , culture , workatmosphere and many more . if one count all the above factor it 's more obvious that young people enjoy life more than older people do . a young person will be having the zeal to develope himself among the competitive world , here a person undergoes lot of pressure and stress may due to the work or due to the climate they work under . so most of the people try new way to relief themselve 's from stress and strain so they outmost try to opt entertainment such a movie , party and every possible way to get relief from the day to day work . young people enjoy not only with the people of their age group , or of the same culture , but they mingle with each and everyone , they find out new way for entertainment . they tend to locate different place and attend party . on the other hand old people tend to a similiar age group , they enjoy sitting with together and participate in religious function 's . they donot feel that much stress or strain a the young people do . as youngster 's would be more energetic than the old people thay do have lot of aspect 's for entertainment and fun , they have their unique way to celebrate , share their idea and culture which most of the old people would'nt prefer . mostly old people constrain themselves to a limited part , it doe n't mean that they wont have fun and they do n't enjoy . they will have their own way of life and their own prespective of living . they constraint themselves to the religious function 's , or else with the small get-to-gether with the family member 's . most of the old peole prefer pleasent and stress life after their dutie 's , they prefer clam and pleasent atmosphere arround them . in my point of view the statement given can be stated a the contradiction of the past and the present life of a man , since every old person is a youngster once a time before in the past . as a conclusion i want to agree with the statement that `` young people enjoy the life more than old people do '' . since it 's not the comprasion of past and present but it 's a comparision between two race such a old and new face of a person . i would end this by concluding that `` young people enjoy more than the old people do '' .