with the development of society , there are increasing choice to enjoy life a people can play computer game , chat on line , or go to see a live performance etc . although these all seem to be what only young people can do a they accept new invention and opinion more quickly and have more energy to enjoy , it is a little bit haste to assert that young people enjoy life more than older people do . does young people really have more time and energy to enjoy life ? as the pace of modern society fastens , young people who have already had a job face the pressure from their boss , family member and other people , worrying about not getting promoted without recommendation , being troubled by a tiny mistake during the work and therefore making great effort to work in the hope of completing their task perfectly . as a result , they always keep in a hurry to get thing done and seldom have energy to enjoy their life . what 's more , for the young people who are still college student , the fierce competion when hunting a job also drive them to study hard and develop many kind of skill . for example , in the college i am studying in , most of student are striving to get certificate in business english and computer skill and taking a lot of course such a communication skill , which may be helpful in future career . in contrast , a older people do n't have to face all the challenge , risk and difficult choice , they tend to have a more peaceful mind and enjoy life more than young people . some people also argue that the modern technology such a computer skill used in many method to relax make it hard for older people to enjoy . in fact , many old people have been accustomed to taking adavantage of these innovation . for example , my grandfather who is 60 year old have been good at chatting on line and downloading movie and music from internet just like a young person . and also , old people can enjoy life in different way without technology . they can take a walk and take exercise in a park , or listen to music sitting in a chair , and for some of them , looking at grandchild being around is a kind of relaxation .