while it is important specialize in one area , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific are particularly before decing the area of expertise . it is because it is rarely the case that an event can be explained by focusing only on one area of academic . furthermore , it is critical to have well-rounded appreciation for any number of subject in order to determine the area to specialization . the world is full of example where a broad knowledge of academic subject is criticall in understanding the present situation . understanding the war in iraq , for example , will require one to have an in-depth knowledge of politics , economics , business , religion , social and ethnic issue , and naitonal security or defense . one can not explain the situation without at least having some understanding of all surrounding issue . ( for example , can we leave out discussion on oil and focus only on pursuing democracy ? ) although focusing on one particular issue is important , it can be achieved only after one ha become aware of the fact that many of the event and issue are closely intertwined with one another . the purpose of the general or required course that the university offer to the first-year student is to provide them with opportunity to broaden their idea and interest . these course allow student to experiment , by allowing them to take course in the area that they might not have otherwise considered taking . being exposed to a number of subject force one to `` connect the dot '' and to analyze . for example , in one course on religion of african diaspora , i learned that understanding of religion , politics , and social factor were necessary to appreciate those religion . had my focus been only on one issue , i certainly would not have had a much fascination with the significance of certain item or ritual than i did . therefore , i believe that while it is important to specialize in one specific subject , it should be done only when one ha obtained braod knoweldge of many academi subject . hence , it can be argued that having broader knowledge is better than specializing in one area .