currently travel in a group led by a tour guide becomes one of successeful business over all the world . but is it really best way to journey ? i do not agree this point from my perspective . i think travel is very personal thing to process , such a planning and preparation . these part are also funny thing plus to `` real '' travel . you can not have your own flexit time plan after you joint in a gourp , and even it doe not need you to plan it . for instance , if you would like to spend more day on the beach but the travel group you jointed into ha already planned to visit another town . how frustrate it is ! if you travel alonely , you can always change your mind and plan about the journey . in addition to , from my experience in alone journey , i would have more opportunity to meet local people and have conversation with them . it is beneficial to understand deeper and more abour the local culture and local civilization . unfortunately , if you are in a travel group , you must spend most of your time conversation with your group member and miss the chance to communication even making friend with local resident . perhaps someone would indicates that travel with a group is convenient , but i would argue that travel alone is advantage by enjoying the feature of convenient . since you only need to consider you suitation not all the people in the group . for example , i like to choose five start hotel to rest , because it will supply good and convenient condition for my vacation . but if i am in a travel group , the tour guide must need listen to other people 's suggestion . they may think it is so expensive that they unwilling to live in a five start hotel , or they more willing to spend money on buying thing from local . that will waste time to decide where we live . but if i am alone , i do not need to consider so many thing . it mean convenient for me . therefore , i would argue that advantage of the travel alone outweighs the travel in a group . since you will have your plan and preparation , chance to meet local people and convenient in the travel .