in this modern electronic era when there is lot of competition at all level for any company to sell it product to it most count , advertisement play a very important part from the beginning itself . in effort of publicizing company 's product to big mass , they have been using all kind of medium , tv , newspaper , magazine , big social or business event or even role model . all of it contributes to the best progress of any company rise on it economical development . in time of our grand parent when they could tell many home remedy for any health problem , which unfotunately were not communicated or preserved enough to carry in this running world . cosmetics industry for say are making the best profit out of these advertisement by introducing many product to public . the detail in advertisement is so impressive that it catch eye of almost everyone . and if some product don ; t suit someone then they have the skin line for all skin type . though the idea of advertisement seems to very promising to reach to people in all over the globe . many comany ha risen internationally and around globe . in the shade of all good reason there are some company , who sell their product with false claim on it . especially , food market , cosmetic with dramatic effect even medicine . but advertisement can bring a good push to selling of those product for once , but if they were being tried and not liked by people then they do n't remain into industry for long a well . we have seen many example , whether it would be food industry or auto industry . eventually , even after the big effort done to advertise a product , when seen not accepted in general population , the company have been died off . advertisement ha been a major factor to bring advancement to many industry if it technology , electronics , food , cosmetic , home improvement , medicine or any appliance . it also keep the competition among company to do better and keep their standard . in all , even if some company can make some product seems better in the advertisement , but at the end it is the user who ha to decide if he or she is going to use the produc