in twenty year from now , there is a high possibility that there will be an increase in the number of car in use than there are today . the car even though wa considered a luxury item earlier , ha now become household . the main reason that can be cited are the average per caput ha been on an increase over the past few year . the people from the middle class family are growing richer and many of these family are of the opinion that there many us of buying a car . the average cost of a journey come to very le when the entire family go on a trip . instead of going and hiring car or waiting in the queue to get the seat reserved in train and which some time may go invain , owning a car is much better option . the price of the car had also dropped to a large extent attracting the people even from normal quality to buy a car . now a day most of the car can also be made to run on natural gas which also save lot of money on travelling . in addition to all these the car also provide employment to many people and a the population is evergrowing many people might show interest in driving taxi for their livelihood . the car can come very handy when both the husband and wife are working in near by place when one can drop the other on their way towards their office and dropping their child on their way to school . there ha been also been an observed decrease in the car causing pollution to environment with the improved technology such a zero engine noise that reduces sound pollution many a time . in addition to it the use of alternate source of fuel ha brought down the environmental pollution . thus not causing any threat to environment . also the chance of getting injured during accident are comparatively le while driving car when compared with two wheeler owing to the fact that they have safety belt and are protected from all side . thus car provides a much safer travel . now a day car are coming in new design and are also becoming easier to handle and are coming with such sophistication that many get attracted to . the reduction in pollution and new model of car coming everyday with ultimate satisfaction to customer and the cost also getting lowered and the growth of the percapita income will mainly cause an increase in the usage of car in the coming twenty year