in my personal opinion , it is true that most of the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . there are mainly two reason that account for this phenomenon . one is that young people today concern more about their self-interest than the interest of the community . the onther reason is that yongsters today are more aloof with people around them . some adult blame the education , and some blame the society for the characteristic that young people bear nowadays . adults believe these adolescent to be selfish and care only what they are interested in , and what will beneifit them most because our education do not emphasis on caring people and community . youngsters never show interest in helping their community because they do n't think they have anything to do with their communites . they do n't believe that the community will do them any good or will benefit on them . many have strong concept that if they spend time and get involve in helping the community , trouble will come . the more one involves , the more thing wait you to help . and finally , your time is deprived and that your own work wo n't get done . on the other hand , there 's a weird notion which sometimes spread through television program that make young people feel more aloof with people around them . the reason is that by showing much compassion and enthusiasm in helping the commuty may sometimes result in an unecessary trouble . there are many news broadcast reporting that people get kidnapped or robbed when they are helping others to find way home , or helping those who pretend to be injured . these thing happens so often that people are scared and unwilling to help others . thus finally , people become more aloof with each other inorder to protect oneself from being harmed . all in all , selfishness and coldness of the young people taday make them unwilling to devote themselves to public interest , like helping their community . the fact is that community interest doe not concern them , and they are afraid of being hurt . they do n't want to devote on thing that wo n't pay them back . therefore , i agree that young people are not spending time to helping their community due to above reason .