i can say that i agree with the statement above . to my mind , it is much more important to understand idea and concept that to learn fact . i think that a true learning experience come from a complete understanding of some key point . facts are something that can support the key concept that you have in mind , and help you memorize them , but can not be the principal element of a learning experience . i would n't call ` learning ' what is instead a simple memorization of fact . i will take history a an example . history is usually treated a a subject that requires student to memorize a lot of fact . this is not completely correct . of course , you will need to remember some key date to organize the information you have collected from class and from your text book , but this will not help you understand the importance of a particular event or of a specific historical period . you will need to understand the main idea that are behind that event or that period . otherwise , you will not have learnt anything , you will just have done some memorization exercise . of course , you can not study a subject without needing to memorize any fact . i will take one more example . a student of medicine will need to study anatomy , which is also considered a a tough subject because there are a lot of name to memorize . nobody can be a good doctor without a solid knowledge of the part of the human body and of their name . therefore fact are also important . nevertheless , if there is n't any concept that connects those fact , you will not have any knowledge . facts alone have no meaning if there is no supporting idea or concept behid them . this is the reason why student of medicine will learn anatomy in an organised way , : the part of the body are classified in different category , and this will help student understand how the human body work . finally , there is another important factor to consider : the human brain can not retain a lot of information for a long period of time . if you simply learn name or a series of fact without any connection , without any concept behind them , you will soon forget what you have been trying to learn .