now , the generation of young pepople is seen like rebel , not nice , bad boy , ... but it 's not right for all young child ! in the life there are two part : when you are young you do all you want without soucy and when you are an adult it 's different , you have a wife , you must work to leave , your parent are died or too old to help you ! we will see im the first part it 's a good thinif the young child help the community and in the second part when to participate communitie 's life is not a choice but a necessity ! when you are young , you have your parent , your family to help you if you have a problem ! you have n't got any soucy , you do n't need to earn your money to live , it 's your father and your mother who make all ! your one problem it 's just to be good at school and your parent are happy ! you have your friend and you play everytime without conscience of life 's problem ! it 's the beautiful life ! but it 's not eternel . .. ... one day you see you are a great boy , simply a man ! it 's stange because you are father , you have a wife , you work to earn your money because if you do n't work you ca n't live , you know the life what 's the problem , what 's money , who are your really friend , and you know the justice and all you have to do like you are a citizen ! you must help your community , your city , your country where you live ! but all this it 's because your parent explained you when you were young all the thing you will have to do to be a good citizen and to be accept of other ! you did n't invent all this you learnt your power and your homework ! in conclusion , i think in the life there is a time for all thing , a time to grow up , a time to learn , and a time to have important responsabilities ! it 's not a good thing to go to fast and do n't take the time to discover all the life 's thing ! i 'm agree to say you have to participate to the community but when you are able to do this and not again when you are a young boy who doe n't know anything of life ! to finish i 'm not agree to the young people help the community when they do n't know anything o life ! in some country this young pepople who help the community are called : slave !