the statement if successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , is very difficult to evaluate , because it depends on how well someone doe on a special topic . thus , it is very difficult for me to agree or disagree with the above mentioned statement . in my opinion a person can also be successful in doing thing which he or her know in detail . when i think of a professor of mathematics for instance who is teaching at a university , it is even necessary for him to know his subject very well . he is also successful , although he doe not try new thing , because there are no real discovery in math which can be made . everything is already fully discovered . nevertheless , there are people who need to try new thing in order to be successful , scientist for example . if you do not take risk , you will not have any success in your field of study . a very controversial topic at the moment is cloning . everyday , gene are getting reproduced by several scientist . all this started some time ago when `` dolly '' the first sheep wa cloned . the world at that time wa shocked . these scientist who were responsible for dolly 's existence took the risk of maybe creating a monster , because no one ha ever had any experience with this technology . many people , especially those with religious background , raised many concern . but despite these critic , the scientist moved on dealing with human embryo . in the usa , voice have already announced that a human ha been cloned . to my mind , this is defintely a success , whether or not you agree with the ethical background . scientists have taken the risk and they have tried new thing . consequently , they have been successful . the point i am trying to make is that the statement i had to discus is bias . on the one hand , it is necessary for being successful to discover new area , but on the other hand people can also be good in only one thing . it just depends on the kind of person you are . all in all , i can not disagree or agree with this statement , because for me both are very important fact for being successful !