i personally believe the statement above to be false . it is important to have broad knowledge of many academic subject but at the same time it is crucial to be specialized on something if one want to be successful . a well-rounded individual is not good enough when it come to living through life . schools teach piece and bit of every subject to student . this is the part of their intelectual career in which they are introduced to all the different area of knowledge ; when their basic fundemantals are created . in this stage the student is able to explore all the different area , and decide which of these is his / her interest . this doe not mean that the student ha to pick one , but at least narrow down the list . once school is over , student have their basic pillar of the academic subject created . college is the next step to specialization . students now decide where they want to specialize . if everybody had broad knowledge on everything and no speciality , society would not function correctly . a town need a baker , a doctor , and a blacksmith ; these are not task that can be accomplished by everyone . for example , farming is a task that requires a lot of knowledge on the subject and dedication . if everybody had just some broad knowledge on the subject , crop would not grow very efficiently , so there might not be enough food to support the town . the town would not be able to survive if there are no professional in each area since all the job that have to be done would not be accomplished to their best . it is fundamental to be introduced to all the area of academic knowledge , to have a broad understanding on each subject area , but that is not enough for a society to function . in a society there ha to be a certain degree of organization in order for it to run a expected : individual should comprehend what their role in society is and fully accomplish it in order to run smoothly . if everybody is specialized on something he/she like , then the task will most probably be done a best a possible , and at the same time , a a whole , form a well-rounded society .