i agree with the statement that `` it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than learn fact '' . it is mainly because by understanding the main idea and the concept we can try answer a few question rather than keep learning the fact . like for example in mathematics there are several problem that we go through and there might be many other way in order to solve these problem . it all depends on the person who is solving the problem . every person might have a different idea for solving the same problem . for example in a class of 30 student if a question is given and the student are asked to solve that question then all the student might be able to solve the question and also get the answer but the method in which they solve is different . if we just understand how to solve the problem thats more than enough we need not learn the different way in which we can solve the problem . just understanding the problem is enough . even in the exam if we have just started a topic and cant remember even a single thing that we have learned then just understand what that topic is mainly about and write what you have understood about the topic . another example can be in seminar . we can not everything and anything that the speaker say on the stage but just understand the main idea and concept that are being covered in the seminar . in this way it will be easy for u to understand the seminar topic in a better way and if have any doubt also they can be clarified . if the main idea of the problem is understood then everything else is easy to handle . so it is definitely better for u to just understand the idea and concept instead of learning the fact . sometimes it might be too late for u to learn fact about something rather to understand the main idea and concept about the same thing . like in the example of exam we can not learn everything and remember everything while we are writing the exam . instead it is better that we understand the main idea and concept of the topic . in this way we can remember the topic for a longer time and can also recollect point about that particular topic where ever it is needed for u to and also give our opinion about the topic . so in my opinion `` it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than learn fact '' . so it is better for a student to understand the main idea of the problem and work towards that problem rather than sit and learn about the problem . who know it might be too late to solve that particular problem .