some people believe that there would be fewer car in use in the near future than today . i personally think that there would be more car in use than these day . first of all , people are looking for alternative fuel resource that would replace the petroleum , which is the major fuel source for car . secondly , there would be better access to place , meaning better roades for car . lastly , many third country are developing and that would lead to more people being able to use the car . first , these day , people are searching for alternative resource to petroleum . people use petroleum for many us but especially for the fuel of car . when people are looking for another fuel source for car that would mean they would keeping on using the car in the future . this show that people would n't stop using the car even in the future , meaning the number of car in use would n't decrease in twenty year . second , the world is getting smaller , meaning access to place around the world is getting better . so many people are not able to travel around the world since flight ticket price to other country are extremely expensive . since people are trying to let people move around easily , the road for car would be developed and built to many place to the other country in the world . there are many people who are willing to visit foreign country , and in the near future there would be better road for the car . that would lead to increase in demand for car . finally , the third and developing country are rapidly growing . for example , china is growing to become one of the strongest country in the world . many people in china do n't have car due to the poverty they are going through , but the country , china , is growing by day and night and is suprising so many other country around the world . in the near future , more chinese would have and use car to move around and china ha the biggest population in the world . china is not the only developing country which would become a strong country soon . there are a lot of country that are in similar situation like china . to conclude , the demand for car and the use of car would n't decrease in the near future , but increase instead . there are people who searching for alternative fuel source for car . there would be better road and better access to so many place in the world . lastly , there would be more people who could afford car from many developing country . therefore , it would be impossible for the number of car in use to go down in twenty year .