some people prefer to divide theirselves to several area and know a little thing about many subject while others prefer to get deeply information on one subject . based on my experience i strongly believe that a person should specialize in one subject . there will never be enough time to get deep knowledge of all the subject and there are several advantage of specialzing in one subject , easiness to reach success and live iin a more organized way and it unfortunately there is a big time problem in recent year . i mean there is a lot of thing to do but not enough time for them . people should use their time very economically . trying to get knowledge in many different area is a big time lost ; moreover it is a challenging idea . due to the high responsibility there will never be enough time to really understand all of the topic , no one is so intelligent . in addition , i do n't believe that a person can reach success by giving his or hers interest in different area . i had such a friend that encountered such a situation . we werw at the same class , he get everytime high grade . then he decided to study architecture beside chemical engineering and at the same time he played guitar in a bar . after this decision his grade declined significiantly : moreover he loosed his job because he wa so tired and could n't give good performance . to be an accomplished worker a person should have detailed information of his subject . without knowing all the aspect of a subject no one can do a good job . because he or she would n't have appropriate knowledge to use when heor she confronts a problem . a person is going to live in a more organized way by studying one subject , because all the thing that he ha to do during a day will be fixed . there will not be any disorder to disrupt his day . in conclusion i prefer to specialize in one susject rather than having broad knowledge of many subject because i believe that there are sqarce time to deal with many subject , it is easier to reach succsses