depending on the cirucmstances to which the question could be posed , the answer vary accordingly . of course , young adult have completely different source of enjoyment to middle age people who in turn , have different enjoyment to a pensioner . depending on where you find place in this chain will distinguish what you consider fun . a younger crowd will enjoy attending party , attending night club , doing rather challenging and more physically tiring sport . a middle age person might achieve enjoyment from playing a game of chess or maybe going to the opera and for that middle age person person , attending noisy party and doing dangerous sport might not be enjoyment at all . therefore , depending the age that you have , whatever you do will will bring upon it the correct benefit . there is a typically trend that young people believe that they enjoy life more than an older person because they believe that the younger you are the more fun you can have , this i believe is incorrect because , yes of course , the younger you are the more option of enjoyment you might think to have . for example , a fatehr of a child would rather much spend time with his son or duaghter rather than attend a gathering full of 20 year old just because he ha different priority . a young person would not enjoy spendign tiem with relative or older member of his fmaily simply because at that age , you tend to have different obligation , different point of interest and different type of mentality . younge rpeople tend to fell that a your odl you miss out on what is really fun , but we must remember that older people where young at one point and what a young person think an older person will never dream of doing , might just probably mean that it wa already done . therefore , i do not believe that the younger you are the more fun you have but rather , the older you are your taste of fun change and you rpriorities differ . enjoyment can be derived from many aspect of life and it is not only allocated to the young adult .