everyday the people are exposed to a variety of information set and detail . in my opinion the thing that matter is not the amount of the information and he fact about this information set but the idea and the concept that are embedded within these information test . as a result i can say yhat i agree with the statement that '' it is important for student to understand the idea and concept than it is for them to learn the fact . there are supportive reason why i think like that . first reason why i agreee with the statement is the fact that there are huge number of fact and detail in so many lecture . for example , a an economic student in every macroeconomic course we see a lot of detail about the policy that the country follow to decrease inflation . in these policy several country are contrasted according to which type of policy it pursues . in my point of view , here the crucial point must be the idea and concept that are related to the policy of various country . it doe not make sense if the student are forced to learn the inflation rate in each country for a specific period of time . second reason is that when student are obliged to learn the fact and other unneccessary detail there would exist some serious problem that are related to concentration of the student in learning the topic . for instance in my history class , our lecturer had forced u to learn all the date for the war that our nation had . as this wa the situation , i simply concentrated on the specific date and did not even focus on the idea and concept of the war . that is to say , i just learned the date but could not get any idea about the cause and consequence of the war , which are more crucial aspect than the date . as a result i passed the course without knowing the basic idea and concept . in conclusion , the student should be encouraged to understand the idea and the concept rather than the fact . by doing so , student can learn more efficiently and they can be aware of more concept . moreover , when the student are exempted from learning the fact and unneccessary detail , they will surely focus and concentrate on the topic that they are handling . thus a well developed generation may be created by pursuing such kind of a policy .