i partially agree with the statement that - young people enjoy life more than older people do . first i will explain how younger peole enjoy life more than older people and then put some point in favor of older people , who also enjoy their life in their own fashion . being a young individual , i do not have any doubt that the present younger generation is realy enjoying their life at fullest . young people with greater energy and excitment for exploring the world ha definetely greater potential for enjoying life . we can see young people here and there enjoying all the flavor of life . that flavor may be sport , music , dance , club , dangerous activity ( like-bull fight and road rashing ) , touring different location around the world , curiosity for innovation or anything of this sort . we may be enjoying life in our way and anything mentioned above could be the mean of enjoyment . we feel enjoyed when we drive our car beyong 300 km/hr . we enjoy , when we go to party at night or got drunked , do some mischief , tour some distant place , experience some different culture and satisfy our curiosity by doing something innovative . so enjoyment ha different for different people among young people itself . now coming back to older people , if i again think of te phrase - `` enjoy life '' , the same thing appears . infact , they also have different opinion of themself about enjoying their life . old people may also enjoy in the their way . they may enjoy in seating on their chair , watching the sea , walking near sea-beaches , touring to some distant cultural place at the end of their life ( or may be just for fun ) , talking to her married wife or childrens . now some young people can say that having several sexual affair can also be a way of enjoyment what young people do more . so . . well . . may be . .. its their way to enjoy . ! therefore it all about the hman mentality that at the point of our life , our way of enjoyment change somehow . finally i conclude that although young people enjoy their life more through different exciting , adventerous and innovative way , there are different way , the old people enjoy their life .