nowadays , our society is based on communication . not only , information , but also advertisement . in a newspaper , on television , food industry , bank , music , ... , all company explain u why we should buy their own product and not the one of their opponent by using advertisement . this brings me to a topical issue , the accuracy of advertisement . some product often seem better than they really are . on the one hand , advertisement is mostly inaccurate . it show you prepared meal that you just have to warm up and eat , that should be better than home made meal . it demonstrates that the new technology of mobile phone allows you to make a call and take a photograph . .. of course your old phone is not good any more ! the number of example is unlimited . it help me to come the point that advertiser show u what they want . there might be a disadvantage of a new technology , but they do not mention it . the prepared meal shown in the tv spot might be a home made one before being frozen . as you do n't have the whole information , you are not really in a position to take a position . but it seems to the great majority of people that product are not a good in the real life . on the other hand , there are lot of control done before the broadcasting of an advertisement . for instance , product that contain zero percent of fat are really fatless . but this doe not mean that the product ha a good taste . it just indicates that it ha le fat than the product of another brand . the product seems much better on tv than in reality , paradoxically though , the advertiser ha n't lied to the consumer . in other word , the product respect the characteristic announced in the advertisement but is still not a good a it seemed . to conclude , i have a mixed opinion about this question . advertisement often show image of the product . those image are mostly manipulated one and show a better image of what we are going to buy than the reality . this brings u to believe that product appear better on television . but sometimes , the product shown is not displayed for it taste , but for some other quality . those quality can not be seen on a tv screen . in that matter , the advertisement is accurate .