as the maxim stand `` nothing succeeds like success '' , hold true in either case , whether an individual take risk and becomes successful or he doe not take risk and still turn out out to be successful . in my opinion , success is about taking risk and rather than only doing what they already know . thus , i agree to the given statement . in my opinion people do become successful even when they adopt the old opinion but by doing that , ther are not the leader in the society but follower . for example , a company x opened chain resturants and decided to franchise it resturants . the company x wa successfull . company y decides to follow the the foot print of company x and did not try anything different . company y may be successful in the long run but may not a leader while a company x is a leader and other organisation will follow him . same is true with the individual . secondly , by not taking risk , people always live in shell . they lack creativity to do some thing different and their potential a an individual is not absolutely harnassed . take the example of director steven speilsberg . when he wa working on his movie `` titanic '' , most people though he wa doing impossible and would not succeed . we all know what happened after that . changes in any field are inevitable . an individual who is stuck to his old thought and do only that what he / she know , may not respond in an optimum way when change warrant different . the individual may not be able to cope to the change and thus may turn out to be a failure . last but not the least , the success involved in trying new thing and taking risk is fast . an individual may be successful in trying only what they already know but it may involve lot of time . if the individual want the output to be positive and quick , he may need to take risk at any stage of life . to conclude , risk taking ability is an essential quality of an individual to succeed . howver , he or she should not get carried away with the amount of risk one is taking . they should measure the risk benefit ratio before taking risk and thus finally decide if it is worth it to take the risk to be successful .