i firmly agree with the statement that knowing several subject and being polyvalent in various field is much more important that specializing in one topic . in nowadays society , thing change so fast that the minute you start a career or a specialization , the minute the fact and figure of the subject have changed . this essence of broad knowledge is what make people succeed in the world . unless you are 100 % sure that you vocationally want to specialize in a subject , the risk of not finding a suitable job because of the deviation of job offering is too high . both in term of time and money . for instance , imagine that you decided to study telecommunication sometime around the internet boom . after you completed the 5 year of hard work , you get out to society with high hope and great expectation and suddenly you realize that the world ha no need for telecommunication professional anymore because the market crashed down ! then you would most probably regret not to have chosen a more general engineering diploma such a an electronical engineering degree . take the example of a devoted music student that really love to play music to the point that he drop class so he can go and play his music . perhaps , he will become a succesful singer or solo player , but the chance that he fails are there and when that really come true , he will not be able to attend university class because he did n't passed highschool . good and innovative idea often are the result of composing other idea . if on one side , you know how pollution of carbon dioxide is chemically produced and on the other , you are an expert on plant specie , perhaps you can find a way to create a system to purify the air in the world . and moreover , if you have skill of marchandising and marketing , you can probably be in the forbes ' next month main page . think that you can always specialize in the future . going from the trunck of a tree to the tip of a branch is easy , but getting from one tip to another tip is , literally , a going back in time .