since many year and among the history of the humanity , the use of the car a always being important and in some case indispensable . nowadays , the situation is changing and we are face to a problem : do we still have to use our car while many factor influence u to use others solution or to use le the car ? in my opinion , i would rather say that in twenty there will be fewer car in use than there are today . first of all , it is important to remind the actual situation on earth . the cost of gas is extremely high and more than before . we can also say that it might continue to grow for many year . why ? to serve interest of the government and powerful people who lead nation or corporation . i think that people know that the gas ' price is too expensive and will continue to increase year after year . moreover , it is relevant to say that the car ' cost is a much expensive a the gas'cost . in fact , today , if we want to buy a new car it cost a lot of money and in many case , some family need to borrow money to get one . it is becoming a luxury product . it is useful to say that household are bored of this important growth . they would like to find other solution in order to avoid taking their car . then , one of the most important thing in our society today is the protection of the environment . how many household would stop using their car and find other way of transportation in order to `` save the earth '' ? a lot . i think so . the pollution due to the gas , the problem encountered with the forest all around the world become more and more familiar to the population . and i really think that people feel more and more concerned by that . by the way , it is important to notice that since a few month , we can assist to the development of a new form of transportation such a the commom transport ( bus , train ) and the come back of the bicycle in the big city for example . in my opinion , the best example to prove that is the city of berlin . in fact , i wa impressed when i went over there for the first time , because we can see bicycle everywhere around u and people tend to use those new form of transportation more and more . i really like this idea which spread out in many city today . finally , we can say that the motivation of being a good citizen , the increase of the cost of the gas and the car , will hopefully help people using le and le their car and prefer bicycle or common transport . i really believe that in twenty year , people will find others way to go from a place to another . it depends on many factor but one of the most important is the motivation . i hope that people will take these piece of information into account in oder to change the future and learn how to use le the car .