some people argue a if it is a general truth that most advertisement do n't make product seem better than they really are . however , to be frank , i ca n't agree with them . as far a i am concerned , i think that the advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . among countless factor why i hold no confidence on them , there are three conpicuous aspect a follows . the primary problem with the statement is that it is ignorant to the basic fact that advertisement is used to sell product . therefore , the advertisement will make the product become what the customer hope and like in order to sell them , which is the purpose and the most common method of most advertisments . for instance , nobody would like to eat a hamburge which is tiny and over-cooked , instead customer want to have some big and godlooking one . that 's why people always find that the hamburger they eat in the restuarants seem smallerthan those in the commercial . another reason why i disagree with the above argument is that the advertisement will only mention the advantage of the product . this is also a kind of misleading customer . take some medicine a an example , the advertisement never tell you what the bad effect of the medicine will happen after you use it . the word you can hear are only `` use xxx , use it , make you feel totally comfortable . .. about your illness . '' finally , what is also worthy noticing is that some word in the advertisement may have different meaning . this make the consumer may easily misunderstand those word . such a some promotion advertisement , you can get one free product without mantion u have to buy something else first . all in all , i agree that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . some make the product much better look , some only mention the good aspect , and others use some trick word to make people misunderstand . taking into account of all these factor , we may reach the conclusion that most advertisement make product much better than they really are .