when you study , there are mainly two way of studying ; understanding idea and concept , and learnimg fact . in this essay , i would like to respond to the statement ; it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . but before i start judjing the statement , i would like to raise advantage and disadvantage of two way of learning . firstly , i would like to raise advantage of studying idea and concept . the first advantage is that if you understant an idea or a concept , you can solve more difficult and complex problem using your understanding . it mean you can use your knowledge in variety of situation and it is definitely a good thing . the second advantage is that it is interesting to learn an idea or a concept . most people feel satisfaction or feel happy when they understand new thing . an idea or a concept is sometimes difficult to understantd but it is more enjoyable to study than just memorising fact . i fpeople feel happy to study , thei r motivation toward the study go up . one advantage of understanding concept and idea is that iunderstanding concept is much more difficult than learning fact . so people could stop trying to understand concept before they succeed to . now i want to raise advantage of learning fact . the first advantage is that it is easy to remenber fact . you do not have to understandwhat you are memorising about ; everyone can do it . people could be confident if they succeed to memorise fact ; it stimulates their interest in what they are studying . the second advantage is that since fact do not depend on one ' s feeling , fact are universal . there is no communication gap between fact . therefore if you learn fact , you can show off your knowledge to people who do not speak your language . however there are also disadvantage for learning fact . one disadvantage can be raised and it is that you are not understanding concept behind the fact . if you do not understand concept , you can not use your knowledge in a different situation . i strongly agree with the statement which say it is more important to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact ; yet a described in this essay , it is also important to learn fact . the best way of studying is to combine both way of studying . however if a student is only allowed to choose one of the two way , i strongly recommend to focus on understanding concept and idea rather than learning fact .