most people are afraid to take risk or learn new thing because they guess that it might fail . however , i believe that try new thing and taking risk is what make a person a successful person . it is good to have one thing that a person can do well . however , when he or she learns about a new thing , they can relate what they have learned to what they already know . in my school , our civics class do the chart called kwl chart . it 's a chart listing what i already know , what i want to know , and what i have learned , which we filll out after the lesson . when i take the lesson with a basic knowledge that i already know to learn a new thing , i can relate them afterwards and also , infer factor about the topic . when someone only stick to something that they know and how to do it , they will not succeed in society since they do not have broader knowledge than other people in the community . i strongly believe that taking risk is a best way to succeed . when people take risk and fail , they can fix what they 've done wrong , and get it right next time . for example , thomas alva edison had failed alot of time when inventing his light bulb , however , if kept on trying and finally made a light bulb that changed out life . if he had stick to the job a a railroad worker and not put his job on risk for what he want to do , he would n't be called `` the wizard of the menlo park . '' taking risk can also being sure of what someone is doing . if someone made decision , he or she should be proud of it and stick to it . for example , the famous chairman of the microsoft bill gates dropped out of college to start a new world that he wanted . he did not drop out because he could not follow the course , but he dropped out because he wa sure that he could make this world different . and by sticking to the decision he made and working hard to achieve his goal , he became successful and got what he wanted to get . even though he had the risk of not getting a successful job if he failed , but he came out successful because he stick to the decision he made . if he just stayed in school like a normal student , our life would n't been very modernized a today . being successful is what moast people in the world aim for . however , i believe that trying new thing and taking risk make a person successful such a bill gates and thomas edison rather than just doing only one thing that they are good at .