many people have a different point of view about the idea of enjoying life . some think that young people enjoy life more than older people do . in contrary to those some think that older people have become knowledgeable about life and so they can enjoy more than youth . i personally agree with the second idea because i think that young people have more important problem than olders so they ca n't enjoy life a much a olders . first of all , older people have met life a long time ago and their stress about future is le than youth so they can enjoy life easily . for example , many young people have a concern about future . they feel stress about their school , job or career . they may be afraid of graduated from their university with low degree or finding a job with low price . however older people generally do n't have such problem because their school are finished , their job are suitable . i can examplfy this from my family . i have a concern about my career because sometimes i think that i will not finish my university or even if i graduate i wo n't find a good job . maybe i will not able to find a handsome and intelligent man to love me. so i am afraid of being a lonesome and poor woman in my future . however , when i see my father and mother , they are so relax than me. they have worked twenty five year and they bought two house and one car , their two little daughter grow and they are studied at a good school . therefore now they can spend their time and money with travelling . last holiday , they went to paris because they wonder what paris look like ! however i ca n't go with them because i have four exam and i should study all day . secondly , older people ha money and time to enjoy life . young people need money and their pocket money is not enough for some activity . however , when a person ha a job and he is paid well , he can do what he want in his holiday and free time . for example , even if two people enjoy reading book , one who is younger ca n't buy a book what he want , other can buy all of the book it writer . also , younger one ca n't find a free time to do it . for instance , i like watching film and i know it is a simple activity . however i ca n't do it everytime because my school is very hard . also i live in a big city and i do n't have a car so my time is spent on the bus . sometimes when i come home , i feel so tired and i immediately sleep . in weekend , i have a job in the university library so sometimes i ca n't find time to study my lesson . therefore , i ca n't do my faviorite activity a well a i want so i ca n't anjoy my life ! all in all a i said before everyone may think different about the idea of enjoying life . i personally think that older people can enjoy life more than young people because older people ha enough money and time . also young people 's concern about the future is a big problem about enjoying life .