i agree with the statement that say it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . learnig fact is also important for stuedents , but if they do not understand what that mean or what the concept is from then it would not help student . the student will forget the thing what they learned if they do not extactly understand the concept . also , if student keep learning fact and do not make it a their own , student would not be able to make the next step or can not make more thing from what they learned . i think the point of studying or learning is that student can get lot of knowledge that they did not know , not just make student learn fact and do not understand what that mean . i have a few reason for my statement . first , some student just memorize lot of thing a day before the test and forget everything right after the test . however , if they really understood what that meant and what that concept 's meaning is , they would not had to memorize all the fact , but just read it over so they can re-make sure what they learned . i have read the korean famous newsletter , and it said that they had an experiment about the student ' memorization with what they really understood and with what they just heard about it and did not get the concept of it . the fact wa that almost every student from that experiment could remember longer what they really understood what it meant than that they just memorzied even they did not get the meaning of it . next , student would be able to make their own next step from what they learend if they understood the idea and the concept of it . it is more important for student to understand what they learn because if they do not get the meaning and the concept of it , student would not remember anything even after just few day later . that is not the purpose of learning . however , if student get the idea , then they would be able to think more about it and maybe ask more about that idea to the teacher . one of korean famous ceo said that he still remembers lot of thing that he learned when he wa in the middle school . i think making the fact for their own is the biggest thing . lastly , i think `` learning '' doe not mean just knowing the fact , but understanding what it truely mean . i like the way of studying in north america because they do not just make student memorize the thing but share their idea . however , korean 's studying way is not the same . so korean student get difficulty in sharing their own thought or their opinion because they really did not une