with the fast pace of development of human civilization , more and more people pay attention to the advertisement of prodects . presently , numerous people are willing to buy product based on the information delivered from the advertisement because the product seem appealing in these advertisement . however , from my own experience , i believe that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . recently , the product appear in advertisement become more and more attractive due to their well decorated appearence . people have the desire to buy thing that look beautiful but at the same time , they will loss the awareness about how good the product will be . for example , i had bought a pair of sneaker because they are colourful and be placed in a delicated box . actually , they looked really good . however , the endurance of the sneaker wa out of my imagination . i just had worn them twice and both sol were broken . unforturnally , i wa cheated by the advertisement . sometimes , advertisement of the appearence of a product is not reliable . moreover , people will ignore some significant information if they completely believe advertisement . it is obvious that the manufacture will not show the disadvantage of their product in the advertisement and people have to observe the real quality of a product by their own . this is also the reason that many social organization doing a variety of experiment on a single product in order to discover the secret behind advertisement . actually , people need socialy authority to help them to choose product due to the immense unclear advertisement spread out in our society . conspicuously , the existence of this kind of organization help customer to clearfy the some of the fake condition created by advertisement . to sum up , people should become aware about the advertisement they see and hear everyday because most of them contain fake and unclear information . if we accidentally trust a unreliably advertisement , the outcome is unconceiveable .