if we look at official statistic of the industrialised and developing world , we immediately realize that the number of car ha been constantly increasing over time . in some case the growth rate ha increased too . therefore i would be tempted to say that i disagree with statement . however , a more careful analysis should be performed . for instance , we should take into account that public transport have become a must in several city in the world because parking space is limited and there is so much traffic that it would be impossible to arrive at work on time if people went by car . a lot of country have given a lot of incentive towards more environment-friendly mean of transportation such a gas or electricity-powered one , reducing the price for ticket . at the same time a charge ha to be paid to enter the center of a lot city . therefore there are element that could certainly discourage the use of private car and encourage the use of public transport . up to here , we have talked about the use of public transport within city , but similar argument could be made for long-distance journey . low-cost airline have spread out throughout all europe . high-speed railway are being built and there are a lot of high speed train already in operation in japan . all these technology responds to a particular need , that is the possibility of moving faster from one town to another in a very short period of time . this , for obvious reason , can not be achieved by using a private car . for instance , in order to come and take this test i took a high-speed train from naples to rome which take only one hour . hence , i did not have to wake up too early this morning , i took the underground , and the train , then the underground in rome . i had no parking problem at all and this evening i can attend my best friend 's birthday party back in naples . probably , by using my own car this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible . in conclusion , if i follow the line of reasoning above i have to agree with the statement . using alternative mean of transportation to car is more comfortable in many occasion and it is becoming more and more comfortable over time , then the number of car should decrease in twenty year .