i do not really agree with this statement saying that in twenty year the number of car would have decreased . that doe not mean that i object to the goal of reducing the number of car in the world ; of course , this is a necessary evolution and industrialized and rich country are currently trying to follow this path . for instance , in paris , the mayor try for year to prevent people from taking their car by making the circulation very difficult and by encouraging the creation of new bus line . he also promotes bike , having created new road that can only be used by them . i consider all thesis action a positive action : it show that people are eventually aware of the urgency of a change in our attitude towards pollution . we are responsible for the world we are leaving to the next generation and we can no longer live a we do now ( using so many resource ) . but , what seems to contradicts this movement towards a decrease in car in use , is the situation in developping country : we can study the case of china . as a matter of fact , china is getting more and more powerful and is now going through this period of industrialization that western country already experienced a century ago . a part of the chinese population is getting richer and richer and can now afford car . so when a country of more than one billion inhabitant get access to car market , we can imagine that in the year to come , the number of car is not really going to dwindle . but what can we say ? can we deny them the right to get a car ? to consume after year of being deprived and seeing how it wa in western country ? after all , we did the same before , a we were not concerned about the environmental issue . .. in conclusion , i would say that it is a really difficult question to forsee whether there will be fewer car in use in twenty year . but it is a tendency that we have to further , especially in poorer country , by explaining how necessary it is and maybe helping them financially to build public infrastructure that could replace the use of car .