everyday i leave my house for school , i see a car . i see many car . as a matter of fact , i nearly get hit by many car . they have become a much a part of my life a food . also like food , i forsee much , much more of them in the future , and for much the same reason . people like food . people want more food . therefore , they are going to make more of it . some believe that car will lessen out in the next two decade due to new , cheaper mean of transportation , such a the segway or aurplances . however , virtually every household in america posse at least one such vehicle , often two . i do n't think people are going to throw away their beloved sedan simply because someone recently invented a new fancy toy that roll on two wheel and requires no gas . they simply put too much money into their car , spent too much time with them , to throw them away for the next new fad . when the car break own , they 'll probably jsut buy a new one instead of giving a new invention a try , since they prefer familiarity over the unknown . people often complain about how car create pollution , with all the fuel they burn , the exhaust they produce , and all the wasted metal when they break down or outlive themselves . despite all of this , people still buy hondas , bmws , and ferraris like crazy . people do n't care about the polution problem enough to quit driving and take up biking , and major car company squish their fear by insisting that they are producing more efficent , cleaner car even a they speak . therefore , i believe it 's safe to conclude that the number of car will actually rise within twenty year , not drop . as gasoline price have shot up , the number of people buying car have dropped slightly , but not by enough for anyone to really notice . as the demand for motor oil increase , so will the number of enterprise that go out searching for the stuff . thus , if anything , the oil supply will increase in twenty year . even if they fail to find anymore gasoline resveres , the car company will most likely develop car that run off other fuel , such a hydrogen , fuel cell , or simply electricity . as the fuel get cheap , so will the car . as the car get cheaper , peopel start buying more . cars will not lessen within the next twenty year , unless they invent a new vehicle that make the beloved automobile obselete . people simply love their car to much to care about how neat the newest invention is , or how much pollution it generates , or how much gasoline price have rised .