nowadays , people love to travel since it is not a hard thing to do anymore after the invention of aeroplane . traveling is definitely a good idea to explore more about other country , learn about other culture and also relax yourself from the intense work . some people say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . however , i do not agree with this statment and i think traveling on your own , or with your family or close friend , is a better choice . traveling is assumed to be a relaxing activity during holiday . if you travel with a group of people led by a tour guide , you may not get the relaxing result due to two reason . first , you do not have the right to choose whom to go with . if you are in a group that ha some people with bad personality or hard to get along with , your trip will be ruined . second , usually the tour guide plan a tight schdule for the group since he or she want to show the group a much a possible . you may have to stay up until eleven or even twelve at night but be asked to wake up at around six or seven in the morning . after traveling , you may actually feel more tired than before , which is not relaxing at all . if you go traveling on your own , then you will have to plan the trip all by yourself , which is indeed a fun thing to do . while you are planning thr trip , you have to do research about the place that you will visit . although this may be time-consuming , you know more about the place by reading the culture and probably a little bit history of the place . not only can this widen your horizon , but also increase your interest about the place you will be traveling . you will then have more fun during the real trip . also , finding the tour that ha the combination of place that you want to visit is hard . even you get the right combination , you may not get the time that you want to stay , the hotel that you like or the length of the trip that you want . if you really find your perfect tour , you may find it price is unreasonably high . in a word , the ideal way to travel is on your own . you can decide everything by yourself and also spend the amount of money that you want to spend . this is the way to have a really relaxing and fun trip you want .