i heard a joke once that go like this : god when creating the specie gave the dog a life span of 30 year , the monkey 20 year and human being 20 . but the greedy man asked god for the 30 year the dog had and the 20 year the monkey had and god granted this wish . thats why they say that in the first 20 year human being enjoy life a they are supposed to , then they get job and work like a dog in the next 30 year and then they retire and entertain grandchild like a monkey in the remaining 20 . alltough this joke is n't entirely related to my thought it show that in the first 20 year human being have more fun then in their older age . so i personnaly agree that young people enjoy life more since they have very few care or responsibility in life , raging hormone which make them feel more lively and bigger hope for the future which make them more optimistic towards life . firstly when a person is young he doe n't have any responsibilites that would stress him out . he doe n't have to pay any bill , or think about the future of a child or exhaust himself day in and day out in a job . all he ha to do is go to school get good grade and thats it . all the rest are problem that his parent have to think about . it is probably the only period in his life that he is only living for ` himself` . not anybody else . secondly a young person ha more hormone running through his body during growth . he is wild and crazy and his body is pumping adrenaline and having fun just seems like an instinct . hanging out with friend , going out at night , not caring what to do is a phase that probably all people go through when they are young but seize to do a they get old . the hormone diminish with age and eventually people tend to settle down . last but not least young people have bigger hope and dream for the future making them more optimistic towards life . they can dream of their first job , their future spouse or maybe even the first car they will buy for themselves whereas a time go by the experience in life stop becoming a first . since they are more enthusiastic towards their future goal they will enjoy everything more compared to a person who find everything a routine . so in conclusion i agree with the statement which say that young people enjoy life more then older people do since they have le stress causing responsibility , more hormone to make them feel more lively and , greater expectation in life .