the goal of advertisement is to attract people to buy a product , and therefore they make look the product better than they are . i agree with that , and i will explain with some pratical example this theory . most commercial are these day shown on tv , the biggest mass medium that we know . specified product are sponsorized between certain hour , for example , during a cartoon show generally are sponsored product for kid . at night , depending on the movie playing , the commercial change too . if it 's a romantic movie , we are most likely to see commercial for product that are used by woman , or if it 's an action movie the target is the male gender . some product , such a lingerie , tend to show perfect female body in order to attract both sex . women will be incentivated to buy it because they will find themselves attractive a the model , and men will connect that image to a sexual pleasure . sex is , in fact , part of our instinct , and that 's where the advertisement are made to hit . another area where we are more sensible is food , but it 's a more delicate subject , because woman want to lose weight in a healthy way , while men focus more on the taste . this way , it 's very important to advertise a food that both men and woman like , not considerating the child . since we have been bombarded of image of perfect body , house , family , life . .. the new commercial are trying to give more of a realistic image ( without losing that aura of magic ) , therefore we still will see beautiful woman , but maybe in company of not a that attractive men , making feel the buyer at the same level a them , and not anymore looking at these `` god '' a inaccesible . but the new target of advertisement are the child , since they are left more and more in front of the television , and also because generally in the family they have the control of the remote . anyway , i think that a more specified type of advertising , focused on a restrained target , is yet more effective , but it 's more dangerous because it 's reaching some level never seen before . we are always looking for the latest status symbol , which is normally a very fancy and useless gadget , but i 'm afraid that is too late to go back . the only thing that i suggest is to reduce the amount of commercial , because honestly , i think that all of u are sick of them .