the matter of young people helping in community ha been discussed for many year and still heat up our discussion . young people are often declared to be the future and therefore feel responsible for it , but for sure it 's wrong to blame them for every negative tendency or development that can be found in nowadays society . i think it can not be denied any more that in former time people were much more engaged in their local sport club , church group or what kind of community ever . but why ha the number of interested youth decreased here ? are we just not a nice a our former generation ? not a social turned ? of course not . the reason must be somewhere else . today the pressure on young people is much higher . they are exspected to be successful in school , university , career etc . .. at the same time they 've become much more public by internet or modern mass communication . everybody is available everywhere , if one like he can just go to the next town by his ( mostly ) own car and during holiday the majority can afford to fly away for holiday . 50 year ago this wa unimaginable . by greater mobility we gained access to many , many more thing to do , place to visit and people to meet . but this doe create pressure . people have the feeling of missing something when they just rest for a while . so many new have-to-do 's have appeared , it 's not easy for community to attract young people to get involved in community matter any more . who want to work a a coach at the local football club with little child ? maybe even voluntarily ? who like to organize social afternoon for the county older resident just to name two example for possible community work ? these kind of community work is considered old fashioned and out of date . i do n't say i like this tendeny , i only try to explain it . of course there 're still other positive example which do not support my thesis and i do know some personally . in my community some youth are involved in organizing one day trip for little child for example . but i do live in a small village in the country . how 's life in big city ? all in one i agree with the given statement , but it 's too easy just too blame someone specific for this . it 's not only the young people that changed , but rather our whole society .