in my view , in twenty year the number of car will increase tremendously . many people believe car to be more comfortable , and with the increase in their standard of living , in time more and more peple will be able to afford car . also , the bank and other financial institution are helping people in many way to buy new car in easy installment . firstly , i believe that a car ha become a necessity for every family . many people consider car to be the most comfortable and safest way of travelling . they prefer to commute in car , rather than using public transport etc . morover , it ha also , become a status symbol for school and college student and people in their early twenty . everybody craves for a car , a soon a they get their driver 's license . the popularity of car ha increased tremendously . therefore , i feel that in the coming year , the popularity of car will definitely increase secondly , the economy of various country are growing tremendously . for example in our country , the per caput is increasingly continiusly , and is expected to grow even more in the year to come . this will result in better job prosects , increase in the wage , and improvement in standard of living . thus , a a result of this continious growth , more and more people will be able to afford car . therefore , many people , twenty year hence will be able to buy car or themselves , resulting in the increase of car . finally , banking instituions are coming up with new scheme everyday in which people can buy car in easy instalment these insitutions are expected to bring better plan in the future which will help the the common man to buy these car . this step will defenitely lead to the blooming of the car industry . also , technology is improving at an extrmely fast pace . there might be a possibility that they might introduce new car , which are cheaper and cost-effective . these car will be aimed at the not so very rich people . thus , the advancement in the year to come will defenitely aid in the growth of car .