the tendency of the statement `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' is right . i think so because i am a person who act risky and i had always success . but before you generalize you have to know what risk mean in this context . risk according to your carreer is to be brave to live and work or study in a foreign country for longer than 3 month . risk in term of success in my opinion is to apply for another job even you are happy and safe right now with your situation . my risk started after i have finished my apprentenceship at neuss county council a an it-specialist . working for a government facility is quite secure . the chance that you lose your job is low . but i have thought that this can not be everything in my life . i wanted to apply for a job in call center because i thought that talking to people might help my problem of communication . i applied for the best call center in my region and i worked for microsoft . even now i am writing my thesis to graduate at microsoft germany . i also worked and studied one semester in the united states . the time scale here is approximately 10 month . my exchange semester in south korea and my internship at the korean german chamber of commerce and industry wa also a great experience . if i review my journey right now and compare it to some friend who never left the city where we graduated high school i can definetaly say that i have an advanced status . the reason for this conclusion is because this friend of mine applyed for the same internship program . so the argument are not only my thought but my experience . additionally i my friend had to admit that i always have something to talk about . and we figured out that the more information you get the more opportunity you can turn into successful project . right now i am preparing to built up my own business because i have contact worldwide . and not every person in the world like to do business unpersonally with people through the internet . so my understanding of risk is to try new thing . even if you are secure in your present situation . taking risk is not always dangerous . you only have to evaluate the k.o. criterias which could be essential to have or to lose . people who already have a family with wife and child are not flexibel because parent have to `` feed '' or take care for their family member . as long a i am young i always will set new milestone to achieve my long-term goal to have a great life with my future family . and i also think it is more efficient to `` risk '' something when you are young rather when you have responsibility towards others . i hope that this mind will have a great impact to my life . good luck !