society in which we live is called society of knowledge that mean that information is critical factor in society . there is an argument about whether getting broad knowledge is better than having specific information about the one subject . some people might think that nowadays specializing in one certain subject is good because many company want to hire person who have a lot of information about the one subject . however , i think that it is far better for people to get wide information of many academic because they can get the various way to learn and build a variety of relationship . first , i think if people learn and get the knowledge of many academic subject , they can obtain diverse skill to learn effectively and these skill are beneficial for them to live in changeable society . in other word , while people get broad knowledg they can find the skill that are effective way to input these information and arrange them in the brain . for example , i had to get a lot of information of many subject when i wa a high school student . at that time , i could improve my way to get the information effectively and make an order to remember this information for a long time . after graduation from high school , these skill is very helpful to me understand information of difficult knowledge of my major and i could get great grade in the exam in my university day . second , people who have broad information can make various relationship with other people who are involved in diverse field . according to the research carried by my university , people tend to understand well others if they are related with themselves a little . so even though people get the knowledge some subject a little , they can understand others very well because they have somethings in common . today , broad relationship is very important fact for success in life . so having broad knowledge give people some advantage in their life . to conclude , having broad knowledge of a variety of academic subgect is better for people because without having broad information they can not set the way for inputing a great amount of data effectively and may have hard time in associating with others who are in the different field from them . i am sure that broad information help people to live more comfortable and successful .