community involvement ha always been viewed a an integral and substantial part in the development of young people into mature and responsible people of the society . even today we have academic institution strongly involving their student to `` give back to the community '' through a number of program . i am in strong view that young people today think of themselves a important member of their community and try to devote time to help out in their own way . more than ever , young people today have been exposed to a large array of problem that their ancestor or even parent never faced . seeing the maginitude of crime , social and political disturbance , racial and cultural discrimination , environmental problem have made today 's child more emphathic to the people and surroundings around them . comming from broken home in city falling prey to rising crime rate and poor environmental condition , these young people have a better understanding of the problem their community face . me and my friend have been involved in several community project right from our school day . from helping out at the local library to assisting the rotary club in our city in organising drive for collecting toy and clothes for the lesser priveledged child , we see our work in such project a a meaningful extension of our life . today , several young people see their community a one of the most central aspect of their being . from deferring a year before college or graduate school in order to travel and volunteer for social organisation to choosing to work with non profit organisation for their internship , young people are increasingly becomming aware of the way in which they could help not only their community but reach out to people across the border and sea . one very positive aspect that work in the favor of student who actively contribute to their community is that their work get highly appreciated by college and university that view them a prospective admits . they see such student a well rounded people with more than just a prestigious degree or job on their mind . there are several trust that set up scholarship and travel grant for young people who have showed a more compassionate side of their self . this motivates student to set time aside to work with social and environmental group in their academic instituitions and community . due to rising competition , it is true that student need to put it long hour to study for exam , write paper , prepare for job interview and so on . but i believe that by balancing their work with a sense of duty towards the world around them , they could do their part in making a change in their community . this ideology is not only mine but also that of thousand of young people across the globe .