in my opinion i do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people . just because people are getting older doe not specifically mean that they can not enjoy their life anymore . one reason why i think that young people do not enjoy their life more than older people is that old people have worked a longer period of time . therefore they earned more money and could save also more money . this mean with the proportion of more money they earned in the past year they are able to buy more thing . money is very important in our society and without it you are not able to enjoy life and all the aspect of it . with more money one ha the possibility to do more , therefore to enjoy more . for example they can travel to country they have never seen before or they go more often in restaurant to enjoy nice delicious food or some people are more materialistic and they enjoy to drive an expansive car . another reason that i do not believe that younger people enjoy life more is because i think it is that the quality of enjoyment changed . young people may get very excited about a rock concert , while older people do not like this way of entertainment anymore , because it loud and crowded . but on the other hand this older people may enjoy their time in a beautiful botanic garden or they could look at a sunset for hour . which on the other hand is not very interesting for young people . a third reason why i think that old people can enjoy their life a good a young once or maybe even better , but definetly not le , is that when people become older they have already set up a family and the structure is well developed and the child are often already adult and thererfor they do not need a lot of care and attention , because they are able to live on their own feets . the older people can enjoy their life without worrying about the childrens health status or school performance . while young people may just start to build their own family and they have their fiirst child and all the accompanied stress with this situation . therfore they do not have quality time which they could spend on enjoyable thing , because they are busy with other thing . in general i really do not think that young people enjoy their life more . i do not believe , because i am getting older too and i always enjoyed my life . there were different phase i did enjoy it maybe a little bit more then on other time , but this wa independent of my own age . i think the main part is that the point of view changed and therefore also the personal interest . activities or even materialistic thing thing which seemed to me enjoyable when i wa young , doe not seem anymore that interesting to me . this ha been exchanged by other thing which are now more enjoyable then they have been in the past .