where i live , in japan more people tend to think that young people have more chance to enjoy their life than older people . however , in my opinion , i disagree with this statement for the following reason . i think that there are three element that allow people to enjoy their life . one is good experience , second element is money and last element is time . considering these kind of element , older people can enjoy life much more than young people . first older people have more experience than young people have . good experience is able to give a person wider human network and deeper thought . if there is no experience about something a person want to do , he or she will not have no idea what to do and who he or she have to contact no matter how the person hope to do it strongly . in addition , older people have more money than young people . it is no doubt that we have to need money so much if we want to enjoy life . unless there are enough money to spend usual life , it is quite difficult for u to keep my body and soul healthy . of course , we will not be able to spend buying clothes . finally , older people can use a great deal of time . of course university student especially in japan have a lot of time . but , they do not know how to spend such a precious time . constrastly , older people well know how to use time . i show good example to explain these element . for exapmle , my uncle who retired his job last year started up his own job ; japanese food restaurant in tokyo . in this business , he could use throughtly his wide range network that wa build during he worked at trading company dealing with various fish nationwide . in addition , he can much money to establish his own business . if young person want to do same thing , he will have trouble with collecting money . and finally , my uncle had a lot of time to thing over what kind of business he should start up . these element ; experience , money and time enable his life to be wonderful . therefore , i strongly believe that older people can enjoy their life much more than young people . if the opinon that young people can spend their life more enjoyable is true , our future become bored .