young people today do not think of others a much a they perhaps should , which ha many different reason , including biological , social , and historical reason . the time period we are currently living in is a capitalistic era , and people in general , young or old , seek their own benifits in situation . children are being brought up to think with a capitalistic mind . it is important for parent that their child have a succesfull life . the definition of a such a life at the moment seems to be , wealth and prestige . these goal consume extreme amount of time . this mean that young adult are being brought up to think of themselves first , because they are being told a fullfilled life is having material good . in consequence , these young people can not find the time in helping the community . at a young age , especially in the so-called `` teen , '' young people have alot of thing on their mind , taking away any focus on aiding the community . during these year of transition between childhood and adultry hormone are swirling through the body of these people . they seek new thing and try to explore what they do not know . there is also often a sence of loss during this period of time . these adolesensce try to find a reason to their existence , resulting in a search for identity . this proccess can be very overwhellming and often end negativly if not spend enough time on . this ha often been the topic of literature . one example of this would be the novel `` catcher in the rye '' by salinger . in that novel it enphasises the importance of teenager to work on themselves and develope , to ensure a safe ending to their teenage year . helping the community take up time and energy , which few adolesensce can spare in this time of progression and search . the young people of today are a countermovement to the movement of their parent . every movement is followed by a countermovement . this can already be seen far back in history . and example would be the romanticiscm , which saw emotion and fantasy more important than logic and rational thinking . this wa a countermovement to the period of enlightment which cherrished exactly that , what the romantic period dismaid , logic , and rational thinking . the young peple of today are going into the opposit direction their parent had gone . many of these parent were so-called `` hippy , '' which stood for love , piece , freedome , and helping eachother . if one would take the opposits of the trait in that movement , it would make the young people of today ; self-centered , ignorant , and often aggressive . this is very much what many young people of today are like . this way of thinking also excludes the mere thought about helping the communitie . young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . it is not solemly their fault , for they are a product of society and their natural instincs in specific time period of their life .