is it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject ? or is it better to specialize in one specific subject ? tricky question . i would have to say that it depends , they both have their con and pro . for example , when you 're in high school , which is my case , you definitely should have knowledge of all the academic subject that you need in order to graduate and pas on to your next step in life , which is college . but once you get to college , for example , why would you need to know advanced math when you do n't want to study anything related to it ? you would just be wasting your time and money . right now , i 'm required to know , at least a little , about everything , from ancient history to the meaning of the mathematical term pi . but sometimes i find myself asking : will i ever use this again in my life ? why should i learn all these thing if i do n't want to study anything related to it ? but then there are some other time when , for example , my younger sister come to me with a school problem and i can help her because i 've learned those thing before . sometimes we can be very lazy and only learn what is presented to u at the moment . but then there are the time when we want to know everything . like for example , when we are kid , that everything our mother do we question them why . why this and why that , and there never seems to be an answer to all of a our question . going back to the question , a pro of knowing about different subject is that you actually know about pretty much anything . this make it easier to have a conversation with another person and even to get a boyfriend . a con is that maybe you 've spend way too much time doing your research and when you realize it a part of your life ha gone by . a pro of specializing in only one specific subjetc is that you can be better at what you do . a con is that you wo n't have so many thing to talk about with someone outside of what you do . to summarize this entire thing , i definetely think that everyone should have knowledge of basic information and subject and even read the newspaper , at least once in a while , and be educated , but have more knowledge on your field of study and that way you can be the best professional that you can be .