i mainly agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . firstly , i wolud like to mention that there are different type of student . each of them learns in a different way . therefore it is not surprinsing that there is also a group of student that only learns fact , without being interested in how and why scientist , historian or author thougt about and invented fact and thing we learn about nowerdays . some of the student admit that they are able to keep fact in mind but that they are not able to understand logical idea and concept that lead to these fact . secoundly , only learning fact or also understanding the idea behind them depends a lot on the subject a student study . for instance logical thinking is necessary for a mathemathiks student but not for a history student . from my point of view understanding the idea and not only learning the fact is always important , no matter what the subject is . furthermore also in subject that are mainly based on fact such a history or biology there might be question about the reason for a certain development or the student might even be asked to tell their own opinion considering speculation about future development in these field . in this case the student who also know about idea and concepst are much more likely to be able to give a good answer than student who simply learn the fact . another important point is that nowerdays student are very keen on getting to know the resons for certain fact a well a solving problem they eventually have to deal with in some tascs , especially in practical subject such a chemistry and physic . moreover student who only learns the fact , learn them for a specific test and forget them afterwards . but student who learns the fact and also the idea and concept often keep them in mind for year so the thing they have learned may helf them also in far future . in conclusion i must say that i consider the learning of not only fact but also idea and concept is the more effective way of learning and is therefore prefered by most of the student .