i personally think there would be few car in use because of the enviroment and the climate in future . if there would be few car , people will use train , bus and airplane which everyone will use . by having le car , the amount of petrol burned will decrease due to the decrease in transportation . firstly , in many television , they say that the climate , in future , will change extremely because of the pollution . for instance , there is an increase in carbon dioxide , co2 because of burned fossil fuel . in the time of industry , many factory were built that resulted a polluted the air . cars have also polluted the air because of burning petrol . in addition , there are more car because people can use it drive anywhere they want . however , by burning petrol , this ha changed the climate . nowadays , we can see that the temperature is rapidly rising than the previous year . people now think that they should decrease car to not pollute the air . therefore , this will lead to a decrease in car . secondly , car are one of the reason of pollution which destroys environment . as petrol is burned , the gas that is created from burning will pollute the air that will decrease the amount of oxygen . the oxygen is one of an important substance for u , human being and for other nature . however , there is a theory that tree and other plant can dissolve carbon dioxide but nowadays there are too much carbon dioxide in the air that plant can no more dissolve them . nowadays , there are many important natural place that people are not allowed to enter because they may pollute . this is mainly because people are using car , electricity and other thing . most of the thing we use in daily life are made of fossil that mainly polluted the air . it is hard for u to stop producing from fossil or use fossil because it is the main product we use , therefore , people can stop using car from burning petrol . lastly , because of the increase in carbon dioxide and pollution , the ozone layer is now half destroyed . these day , climate is fairly warmer than previous year because of the ozone layer . ozone layer is important for the earth that protects the direct ray of light from the sun but because the ozone layer is destroyed , our summer ha become warm and also in other season . in conclusion , in twenty year , i strongly think that there will be fewer car in use than there are today because of enviromental reason . due to the change in climate and the problem of environment , people would courage to keep the air clean by taking transport instead of car and cleaning the city . many people are scared of the climate in future and they are thinking of how to solve the problem for our generation and future generation . i would like to use car in future but i like to use train and bus because i may pas place where i have not been to . it may cost money to take transportation , especially in japan , but this will help for all human a financial reason and even animal for nature .