in my oppinion , these both suggestion : understanding idea and concept , and learn from fact . because these both teach people a idea about common sense in the world . and some of the common sense or common knowledge ca n't be learned by own experience . for example , people often learn better behavior in their life through the religion . because some of the idea that religion teach people can not be figured out by one 's own wisdom . and for the improvement of their life and spiritual health , people often willing to learn more about their religion . besides this reason , a lot of those belief , idea that had been found by mankind in the history , always had begun from the curiosity about somebody else 's idea . for example , the famous scientist galileo could prove the truth , ' the earth is spining around the sun ' , indirectly by the idea based on roman catholic ; which he argued to . his conclusion about universe came from his own experience about the fact . but if he could n't understand the concept of the universe and idea which people before galileo believed , he could n't take any chance to make arguement . just like the exemples showing above , to learn something from fact , we basically need to have some basic knowledge which had already been set by somebody else . through the history , the idea and people ' creativity ha been growing upon another . that show the important conclusion ; people learn from the idea before they prove the truth by their own fact . along with this fact , we are living in the world that requires the proof ; we have to prove thing that we have learned . if we know only the knowledge which learned from fact and we ca n't prove it . then our knowledge become just one 's stereotypical method with our any reason in the public . therefore , if we do not understand the idea and concept which is generally proved a truth by somebody . we ca n't expect our fact that learned from experience to be general truth . in conclusion , to learn or to prove new thing learned from our life we have to know about old concept too . cause th