i agree with the satement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . there are some reason for my opinion . firstly , young people are much more energetic than old people . so , young people can travel around and do a lot of activity , and th make a life more enjoyable . there is my personal experience to spport this idea . my family once planed to visit new zealnd with my grand-mother . she wa excited to go . however , a the depature came closer , she stared to hesitate to go because she thought it would be stressful for her own health . finally . she decided not to come . it wa very shocking for u because we had planed all the trip with her . even if she could had come , i guess she could not have walked around the place and enjoyed the trip so much compared to u since she is no longer stong enough to do so . this experience made up my idea that old people are not able to see many place and do many kind of activity . secondly , since young people generally have more curiosity , the world could be more exciting to young people . as a man grows up , he learns a lot and becomes wise . of corse this is a good thing . however , this mean that his desire to know is somehow fullfilled . on the other hand , young people are still new to the world , and there are many thing to learn and try . it is true that many old people are still curious and try many new thing , but what i want to emphasize here is that old people tend to be inactive and do not have much desire compared to young people . thirdly , i think young people have more hope in the future . for example , a boy dream to be a superman or a movie star . his mind is filled with hope and enjoyment . he may enjoy his life chosing his future . same thing can be said to elder young people , not to say superman , but perhaps a doctor . after their life to reach to a last decade , there would be le hope for the future . therefor , the life is more enjoyable for young people . in conclusion , i think young can enjou life more than old .