i tend to disagree with this statement . first of all , young people , who take part in youth organization such a the scout do regularly provide service to their community by organizing activity to collect fund to finance some community project or to help volunteering organization in their work . they also often visit older people or people suffering from serious disease in hospital . secondly , i disagree with the use of the term `` nowadays ' in the proposed statement . older people always complain about the fact that modern society are not a good a the society in the past . i refuse to accept this idea . people have the tendency to remember better the good and nice thing they saw a long time ago than the bad thing that occured to them in the past . this is , according to me , the main reason why society in the past seem to be better than the society we presently live in . therefore , even though people might think that child and teenager do not help their community enough , believing that it wa different before is a mistake . people always provided help for their community and other people always complained that it wa not enough . nothing here is new . thirdly , the degree by which young people help their community depends on the culture and the tradition of the country in which they live . drawing universal conclusion is acording to me not a evident when it come to an evaluation of whether young people are involved with providing help for their community or not . as a matter of fact , it can be true that in some region of the world , young people quite individualist in their point of view and therefore will not think easily about helping others without a financial or another compensation for themselves . but in other region , such for example chine , young child and teenager get used to help others for free since a very young age . in these society , young people will therefore quicklier go to help their community . in short , people always did and always will complain about the fact that young people do not help enough their community but i disagree wiht them . i think that these people do not realize that group of young people such a the scout help their community a much a they can , that they forget that thing were not so different in the past and that helping others without asking for compensation is for sure very much culturally determined .