the above statement mention that `` most advertisements make product seem much better than they really are '' . in my opinion this statement is true and valid reason can be given for the same . advertisement ha been a mode of communication to the people worldwide . these day there are various way in which a product can be advertised . it can be print , television , radio station or even website . print medium includes newspaper , flier , leafltes , hoarding on the road etc . firstly , consider the product wherein there is a huge competetive market , for instance beer . when there are so many brand available and when a person is already used to a certain brand what would make him change that brand ? nothing but the way it is advertised . these day we see large hoarding which say that the beer named budlight ha `` no carbs and no calorie '' . so this directs the people who are calorie conscious to drink that beer . we just believe in the advertisement and go ahead to buy the product . but doe anyone really know if this is true and the other thing even if the beer is not good at taste people will drink only because of the way it ha been advertised . secondly , in india there wa a product called `` fair n lovely '' which is a fairness cream and when applied on the skin make a person fair in 21 day . how far can we agree to this ? even if this doe not actually happen to all people they still want to try . all the people want to apply and see the result and psycologically they feel that there is a change in them . thirdly , there are certain product which have established a brand name in the market , so these seller dont need to make their product look more better . to illustrate the food chain namely `` subway '' ha already created their brand name so they dont need to advertise thier product in a way which seems to be good whereas the food chain like jack in the box , dairy queen who are making a stand in the market have to advertise in such a way that their product look tempting and can be sold easily . thus , it can be said that advertisement is the reason to make a product seem much better . no doubt some product are good in reality but the other product which can not survive in competition make their product look like the best one . therefore without advertisement no product can be sold or made noticeble to the people locally or globally . advertisement form a part or a neccesity of every organisation but the method used for advertising should be straight and not misleading to the consumer .