`` only people who venture into the sea get the pearl '' . so go an ancient indian proverb . and how true ? i completely agree with the statement that success come to those who take risk and do n't merely rest on past laurel . i will present some explanation and example to support my strong opinion about the issue . if we stop and think about what will happen if all of u continue to do only the thing we are sure of , or thing we are best at ? i shudder to think of such an eventuality . the whole world would come to a grinding halt . the world need innovation and hunger in people to try on new thing . and the people who do that can be called the driver of the world . they are the leader in the true sense . for example had gallileo not taken a stand about the earcth being round , had columbus not made that discovery that changed the world order . what would the world be like ? the constant need of change and trying on newer and better thing may be risky but is certainly worthwhile . also in this fast changing world , if people however successful , stop trying new thing and taking risk , they will soon find themselves not successful . businesses , scientist and government , in other word all the people need to take risk just to survive . you can keep on doing what you do best ; but in time you will realise that the thing you do no longer is good enough because the time have changed . moreover none of the invention and discovery were made without taking risk . currently popular management and business procedure were a risk when they were implemented for the first time . we have only the people to thank who were brave enough to take up the challenge . we need more such people if we continue our growth in almost any field . another important fact about risk and new thing is the novelty value and the motivational effect . new thing and risk challenge people which is fodder for most successful people . they crave for that challenge - they are challenged to out do themselves and this keep the successful people going on . here go a common joke on bill gates . `` bill gates dropped out of school to create the microsoft empire . i can bet my last dollar on `` had he continued in school , he would still be working in microsoft - just owned by someone else '' . this aptly concludes that success come to those who are not averse to taking risk and constantly try newer thing .