as per my point of view it very difficult to say that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they alredy know how to do well . but , yes i can explain in a proper manner that why it is difficult to say anything . according to the above given part of the statement i must say that it totally depends on the nature , thinking , experience . so , now whatever the term i am using it that is a standard term through which you can scrutinize the following thing of an individual person . lets start with a nature of a person and for this we can take an example like . suppose you are a marketing manager of a company and there are 40 pepole under your observance and a we know that it a cut throat competition , and moreover , you have an immediate bos , to whom you report everyday . now , the question arise if your nature is to make out the work in a abrasive manner from your employee , because you know that you have a big resposibilty to make your business at the top level then you ca n't even do that a per the current scenario . what you can do you should try to sit with your employee to feel them that they have not come here to work only in fact , they are the part of the family . second , if we talk about thinking then we can say it is bit similar with a nature part to some extent . the way you think it really matter not only a a marketing manager , apparently , to see the propectus for employee also . now , we come to the last part that is an experience of a person , a we know that `` practise make a man perfect '' the same rule implies here , because if a person ha a lot of experience in a particular field then obviously he would not hesitate to take any type of risk in our future , because he know very well that if something happens wrong then he know to handle it and to just modify or rectify an error so that he will not face dilemma on his way . at last , i would like to say only few thing or to conclude the whole part that `` successful pepole try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' yes some peploe do this or some may be not . but , if yes if i would be on that position i 'll do take a risk and even we should take it because no one can survive or can stick with one position . .. make your life happy or enjoyful we should take risk , because it a part of life without risk i do n't think so life ha such a meaning .