i do agree with the previous statement , for i am convinced that people who try new thing are able to innovate and discover new train of thought that would otherwise not be discovered . if these people only did what they already already know how to do well , they would always experience the same result , feeling that they do not bring much added value to the society they live in . moreover , by taking risk and daring to go where no other individual have gone , successful people are not only driving force of their community , but also leader that motivate other people to achieve their own goal . i will further support my view with the following approach : - psychological consideration . - my own experience . as an industrial engineer from the mexican institute of technology , i acquired a thorough quantitative and analytical grounding . fortunately , my coursework also included studying behavioural finance , subject that enabled me to find an interest in psychology , social science i found complemented my understanding of efficiency and the human factor particularly well . through reading extensively on the subject , i began feeling a particular appeal for the work of t.j. walker , an outstanding social researcher who ha focused on the practical aspect of psycho-sociology particularly well . in one of his book , `` riddles of the human mind '' , he explicitly entail the topic of innovation and risk taking . he mention that people who are able to innovate and take risk in order to achive their goal are usually much more self-fulfilled individual . they are also much more goal oriented and able to motivate people more effectively . in my country there is an old saying that say that `` what one ha eaten , travelled and danced is one 's to keep and can never be taken away . '' this is indeed a wise saying that i myself have witnessed with my own experience . i have travelled many country , and in every case i have been exposed to new experience that have tempered my criterion and made me more open to people 's view , idea and approach . since i try to befriend people from the place i visit , this insight turn even more vivid for me a i am able to share a much more personal experience by doing so . during one of my trip i faced the problem of having to deal with individual who were always affraid of taking risk and doing thing differently . however , after talking to them , i finally convinced them of approaching life with a different view , so they realized that they were able to experience much more personal satisfaction by doing thing differently and by deciding freely how to deal with a particular topic . in closing this presentation , i ponder upon the fact that many of u who work in banking tend to present our idea in an overwrought manner , and that in claryfing our view we end up complicating them even further . however , in analyzing the complex issue of trying new thing and taking risk , i also do not want to appear simplistic , but instead try to maintain my presentation candid and simple , convinced of martin fisher 's quote that `` knowledge is a process of piling up fact , wisdom lie in their simplification . ''