some people say that the youngster do n't have any interest in helping their community any more but grabbing their own ambition , while others argue that the young of these day are more motivated to give help for their community . considering the growing passion of young valenteers , however , i strongly desagree with the statement written above . for the first , there are social advantage which encourage the youngster to help their community . in specific , since participating in local community can provide the young with some neccesary and useful experience from real world , such a skill needed for processing certain job , taking part in local activity doe n't mean only doing bothering task for the young valenteers any more . for instance , i once took part in local festival a an staff . as there are so many foreigner who visited in my community , all i should do wa rushing here and there , giving free interpretation . even though it wa tough and did't provide me any money , i could more valuable thing through that event , improvement in my english interpretation , and social skill . on top of that , the youngster nowadays are tend to dedicate themselves for what they put their value on . according to the department of labor of korea , in 2005 , more than 60 % of colleage student have experience of valenteering in their local need . what is more , they stated that what they wanted to acquire through their activity wa not money but their self improvement . this case clearly represent the fact that they are now put their value on not only material thing but also the mental thing . there is an old korean saying go like this ; helping neighbor is a valuable a helping one 's own sibling . this represent the idea that giving one 's hand for others need is a kind of qualification to be an well rounded person . thus , a long a the importance of cooporations such a giving one 's hand for their comunities exist , the active participation of youngster will never be limited .