cars belong to the big progress in our industrilized period . nowadays , in industrialized country , car are really common and sometimes really hepful and useful during our daily life . but for many reason people will have to use le car , first because of the lack of petroleum in a coming soon future , then the effect on the environment caused by the pollution of car and the growing of the population . the petroleum is becoming more and more rare and therefore really expensive . it will become so much expensive that more and more people will have no choice that taking common transportation instead of individual car . we are also spoken about new fuel that can be used instead of petrol but i think it will be also expensive for the people . for exmple a hydrogen car is a highly technological solution but a we are talking we are just in the prototype level . organical oil can be also an alternative solution but it will mean that we will need to have uncredible huge crop yield to feed all the car which is impossible . another aspect which can decrease the number of car is the pollution . all people know the bad effect created by a car for our atmosphere . people are all the more aware of the problem that we can see in our period time the consequence of the pollution in the climate . the climate is becoming warmer and we are more face to natural catastrophs caused by a strange behaviour of the weather . people are sensibilized to the subject of the bad effect of some gaz emission in our atmosphere . we will reach a time where people will had no choice that to leave their car if they want to prevent the earth from an ecological drama . finally the population on the earth is increasingly growing up . we are know almost 6.5 billion . some crowded country are becoming more and more industrilized , for instance india and china . there will be probably a problem of logistic if everybody ha a car . it will be impossible to drive , there will be too much traffic . people in this case should find another solution to move , to commute . we can conclude that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than today when we observe the problem we are faced today with the number of car . it will be obviously a cost for our confort but it will be totally beneficial for the future of our planet .