in my opinion , to agree or disgreewith it is a matter of balancing the pro and con . because every thing or doing any thing ha it advantage and disadvantage . just like a coin ha two coin . for this title statement , many people think successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do it while other do not agree . for my personal perpective , i agree with this statement . from countless factor with influence my choice , there are three conspicuous reason listed following . the most important benefit is that the person can gain experience which other people can not when one try new thing and thake risk . both common sense and our experience have informed u that when can combine our knowlege with practice , and also make u know more about the thing or risk . then we can do better next time . for example , my father is a succeful businessman . he always try new thing . about 10 year age , he try to do something about sewege project . he had no experience at that time . but he said this preject would be developed in the future . so he worked hard on it alone . after 3 three year , he combine his knowlege with his working and got lot of experience . now he had a big factory and the bussiness is pretty good . he often tell me that if you want to be successful , you must have the courage to try new thing and face challenge . in addition , another reason can be presented to develop my idea is that it can boarden your view , make you health strong and you will get confidence when you comeover the risk . it is obvious that it is good for a person to grow up . for example , when i wa child , i wa weak . and i tried to practise boxing . although i had never tried before , after i tried and kept , i am stong now . what 's more , trying thing and taking risk can make you realise and know more about the society . it is particularly beneficial that you will know more about the life and society . you will know life is different and you will work hard in you life which is necessary for a successful people there are still many other reasonsthat can account for my agreeing this statement , but the obvious one have been presented a above . once again , i would like to stater my opinion to this issue that i agree with this statement .