now there is a general debation that if it is better for people to have broad knowledge of many academic subject or to specialize in one specifis subject . different people have different idea . as far a i am concerned , i think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic . there are a lot of reason supportion my idea , but i would only explain some of them due to the limited time . to begin with , if people have broad knowledge of many academic subject , it will be easier for them to find job . that is to say that if you study a large amount of subject , you may gain job oppotinities very quickly and chang job freely . a good example is the part-time job . if you have lot of knowledge of many academic subject , you know both english and ecnomics well , then there will be many job readily available for you . working a a manager in a big company to show you ecnomics skill during weekday , you may teach english in a training school , standing in front of the blackboard , pronounce `` a.b.c '' . this experience will be extremely interesting for you , you must enjoy it very much . the second reason is that you may be more intelligent by studying many academic suvjects . a recent research ha shown that people who learn knowledge in different area will be more clever than those who only specialize in one soecific subject because these people 's idea mangaged to jump from one field to another field easily . the last reaons , a well a the most interesting reason is that people who have broad knowledge of many academic subject are more likely to be easygoing , in another word , they will develop better relationship with other people , in comparision with those who merely have knowledge in one specific subject . the reason is quite simple , these people can communicate with others well . for instance , if a person who learn some about history , a well a sport , it can be easily to make result these people are able to talk a well a chat with people who enjoy different interest . therefore , from what i mentioned above , it is reasonable to get the conclusion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialized in one specific subject .