community is a group of people that have the same objective or goal . any community can have almost people of every age group and especially and mostly the youth . with the given statement , `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' , i ll not accord a per my view . let u have a brief situation analysis along with some example to support my view . energy is what that drive the youth at their age . so , any community will have the most contribution from the age group of the youth only . interest and enthusiasm are two other key word which are particularly special about the youth and indicate their attendance to the community . well , there might be a category which doesnt have these quality and doesnot care about the time to help their community . we can actually call them lazy , in other word the youth lacking the energy and fire to rise the spirit and take up the work . but because of this , we can not say on the overall that youth do not give enough time to helping their community . because we can mainly observe that all the community are still running and for that they needed to be given time . if it not one part of tghe youth that doesnot contribute , then it the other part of it which doe that . but basically the community are being helped upon by the youth . for example , in today 's busy life , a person if not going to church on sunday can not be called not giving eough time to help his community . because the same person might donate a lumpsome amount to the church on an occasion try to show his responsibility of helping it . not enough time is nt the correct word for today life a it very busy . all it doe matter is whether the individual help the community or not and most of the time youth doe help but probably in a hidden or indirect way . its wrong to say that they are n't giving time , because there is no time itself due to their busy schedule for them . hence i ll disagree with the given statement and go with the one a `` young people nowadays might not have enough time but certainly trying to help their community . ''