as einstein said `` imagination is more important than the knowledge '' . people can learn the fact at any stage of their life , however for one to understand the idea and concept during education year is crucial . by grasping the idea and concept , student can broaden their horizon and their vision of life . a brain of a student can be best shaped during his/her youth . if a student is able to learn about idea and concept during his youth , he can compare them and do not let himself to be a part of bigotry . by knowing the flaw and superiority of each idea or concept , he can not confine himself only one idea . he will be able to develop the tolerance against different view . without knowing one thing , person can not ass it . therefore student should focus on the idea and concept during education year in order to broaden their mind and vision . a student without a knowledge about the idea can not develop his own way of life . by only learning the fact of the life , a person can only succeed to lead an ordinary life . ideas are like diamond flashing in the brain . without an idea , there is no use to have university diploma . as people on the street know very well the fact of the life , there must be a difference between the educated person 's mind and mind of someone who doe bodily work . a student who ha thorough knowledge of the idea can always learn about the fact of the life , when he get into the working life after graduation . but the difference lie in the fact that this student could have an ability to interpret the fact in a more logical way by employing his already gained knowledge of the idea . wasting the most fruitfull year of one 's life , i.e. education year to learn about the fact will be a big loss for a society . to show how much importance is given to the young people can only be possible by equipping them with the idea and concept that they will utilize in the further stage of their life while interpreting and reacting to fact of the life . by this way they can contribute to the future of a country .