when people visit unknown place for them , they like to know important thing of the place , obtain relevant information about it , etc . that is why they join a group led by a tour guide , and that way they are sure they will not miss anything of the place they are visiting . but it is not the only way to travel to unknown place . that is why there are backpacker , rambler and day trip . i am nor a bakcpacker nor a rambler but i think that when you travel with a tour guide your option are considerably limited . i do not agree with the statement because i think people should have the freedom of finding some more thigs about the place they are travelling to , but on their own . for example , a tour guide will take you to the most popular place of the city but on the same route he or she take everybody . that is , in my opinion , what the problem is : you are being taken to the same place everybody doe and then the guide describes it for you in the same way he or she describes it to every single person . that is where your option begin to decrease in number . according to that , i think it would be better to visit some place on your own , see what you want to see , know what you want to know and admire what you want to admire . it is an excellent option since everyone is different and some place may be more worth to visit than some others and so on . for example when i went to cartagena this year ( without a guide ) , i did not want to visit the same place everyone visit ; i wanted to go through the `` old city '' by myself and on foot and in the process i saw some thing that can not be seen with a tour guide because they are not found in well-known place of the city ; one example of it is the contrast between some of the most luxurious restaurant of the city and the poberty just in front of the restaurant 's door . . even though i have not experimented what a trip is with a guide , i am happy visiting what i want in the place i travel to . to conclude i would like to say that travelling with a tour guide is a monotonus way of travelling , specially if you are looking forward to know not common or unusual but still interesting thing of a city . i think planning your own trip is a way to break that cycle , and everything that break the cycle for the better , must be good .