a company 's main purpose is to create a product that will sell no matter what ; at least that is our common knowledge . fortunately , there are also many company who believe in making a great product that will be eficient and meet the need of their buyer . still it is not known which happens the most , but it is quite obvious that in either case they use advertising to sell their product . it is pesimistic to say that most company lie to their propective buyer to get them to buy their product through great advertising , but it is somewhat true . there are those that sell their product a it is , and others that sell it by painting it better than what they really are . i 've actually been exposed to both type of advertising and can say that i 've felt cheated by the second one . who ha n't yearn to buy one of those miracle cream shown on tv ? those that remove scar or make your breast grow , at least that is what the `` user '' say on tv . yet , not everyone ha bought them because they know better than to be fooled by those ad . unfortunately , i wa fooled . i bought a cream that would remove stretch mark , and wa obviously disappointed when three week later i saw no result so i gave my dermatologist a visit where he told me that there wa no cream that would remove them . this advertising are quite misleading and always make you waste your money , especially to those of u who doe n't have money to spare . luckily , i have also bought product that have achieved what they promised on their adevertismentes . m & m 's ad guarantee that they 'll melt in your mouth and not in your hand , and they certainly do melt in my mouth . likewise , a new so called `` vanish poder o2 '' which promise that it will remove almost every stain off your clothes , really doe . once i took my cousin favorite white jacket without her permission , and obviously i had to drip some blackberry icecream on it . i got to her house very quickly and told her maid to clean it for me . two hour later , the jacket wa completely whiten by `` vanish poder o2 '' . i can not say i blame company to lie on their ad so people will buy their product , because i have also painted myself a few time better than what i really am , not by saying huge lie , just by improving a few defect . still , i hate to feel ashamed for believing those company , but not enough to damage my belief that not all company are like me .