it ha been said that knowledge and free thinking form the basis of any successful society . the maxim completely describes today world which ha seen a tremendous desire to achieve milestone previously unimaginable . for any society to grow we require an understanding of previous knowledge and also an account of our past achievement . but would it not cause stagnation if the sole purpose of learner wa to be aware of these fact and learn them ? progress can only be made if we analize our past and learn from them . analizing can only come through a proper understanding of idea and concept . luckily throughout history we have seen maverick , be it galileo or newton or even someone a recent a einstein , who went against the tide to come up with idea that allowed the next generation to flourish . were it not for our unending thirst for knowledge we would still be living in the stone age . this is self evident fron the way kid grow and learn from their surroundings . a baby may never learn how to walk or talk if it brain did not posse the ability to grasp the required step involved in this complex process . in this case it may be understanding subconsciously but if we want a robot to simulate the action of a child we would first require a complete understanding of the involved step . only after this can we put newer idea into making machine emulate man . as student it is much more important to understand idea and concept during our college year . this is the time when we not only learn new thing but also contribute to the society a a whole . be it in any field ; even activity like dancing and singing have evolved over time due to our constantly changing approach . our world today is a technological world and need constant change owing to the ever increasing demand . computers are becoming increasingly comlpex and faster at the same time . the computer wa invented because of someone tremendous vision but little would he have realized it sinificance in today world . we student are the new work force of the future and are aware of the need of today world . despite all the progress we have made we suffer from difficulty in all country rich or poor . our understanding of the world , it people and the interrelation have just evloved . yes we do require fact to account for the detail and observation we have made . but it would serve no purpose if it is not backed up with proper interpretaion and newer idea to better our future . our future , thus , depends on how well we understand idea and concept and come out with newer one .