the issue of the `` quantity '' of the knowledge is a controversial one due to the fact that knowledge is unlimited ! many people think that having a broad knowledge is a good way of being able to speak with everybody about every topic . however it is also widely believed that you can specialize yourself in just one specific subject that you will deeper study . taking all these aspect into account , i strongly feel that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic topic , in order to be opener with other people . one reason for my belief is that having a great and broad knowledge is a very good way of creating relationship with others . for instance , during a private lunch with new people or friend or during a business lunch , it is easier to enhance the relationship with the people if you know what they talk about , which city or country they have visited or which cultural reference they are speaking about ! however if you are specialized in just one subject , you will not have be able to understand what is told and you can feel very frustrated . .. another reason to justify my point of view is that it is very difficult not to annoy people , if you are passionate just by one subject ! people can find it is very borrying to speak always about the same topic and it is sometimes too much , even if you know all detail and feature of the topic ! that is why , knowing several academic subject enables you to be opener and to adapt yourself to the other people , to what they like . .. moreover , you will be able to understand them better and to accept or criticize their conviction . .. furthermore , it is often believed that being specialized in one specific subjet can be a good way of making an impressive reaction to other people . .. but i am convinced that the contrary is impressive , too ! for instance i enjoy speaking with a friend of mine which ha a real broad knowledge , i can speak about everything with him , he always make comparaison or connection with other topic that he know and it enables me to discover new sublects , to extend my own knowledge and on top of that to create a real debate with him , by confrontating our opinion on several subject ! in a nutshell , i would say that i agree with the statement , because having a broad knowledge is a way of being open on the other people , on the world and to develop one 's own concern .