the education system should provide the student with the ability to assimilate new idea and concept and comprehend their implication , rather than only stating the fact about a particular subject . the major reason for this is the very nature of the memory and the learning process . furthermore , in order to use the school knowledge in real life , student must have the capability to analyze the concept . firstly , human being tend to forget the fact ; however , if they analyze them and derive their own conclusion and idea , they remember them for a long time . for example , in the history class during my high school education , we were overexposed to a vast amount of historical fact and data , like the date and place of war , among which i remember only a few . in contrast , in my university education , i had the opportunity to take history class in which the student had to read a lot of article about a certain topic . the reading material consisted of diverse opinion about a historical fact or argument . in the exam , the student were asked to present their own opinion by referring to the information in the text , analyzing them , and explaining in detail why they agree or disagree with certain part of them . i still remember the argument and the reasoning behind them , which have been very useful not only in my academic study , but also daily life . secondly , merely memorizing the fact is insufficient to implement the school knowledge in real life , since it doe not entail originality and creativity . after the student graduate and start working in the industry or in their daily life , they are required to come up with new idea and present solution to the problem . in order to accomplish this , they have to have originality and creativity . the history class in my university education have also provided me with this ability . for instance , while reading the article in the newspaper , i can not only understand , but also criticize the writer 's argument in it historical and political perspective . to conclude , i think that understanding idea and concept is much more beneficial for student than merely leaning the fact . this is both because they can remember the information much more easily and because they can implement their knowledge in real life situation through their originality and creativity .