some say that , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . this make no sense and is not logical at all when we consider the real fact that we see everyday . there are two main point which show that the number of car in use will increase instead of decreasing ; firstly , it is already increasing instead of staying the same ; and secondly , the world and the country are getting bigger so they will be more necessary in the future . first of all , it is obvious that the number of car are inreasing each day go by ; so it is not really wise to say that it will decrease in time . it is not really possible for thousand of people to suddenly say that `` ok , i do not want to use car anymore . '' . moreover it is a need for people more than a choice and nobody seems to solve the transportation problem . the fact is , people will keep buying car unless there is a better way offered for them to go where they want to go and it seems like it is so far away from now and the future . secondly , the city and the country are getting bigger ; and it is not a really good option to use public bus , taxi or metro anymore . cars seem to be the best option . taxi is a really expensive way for transportation and bus are really slow . metro is neither but it is really crowded and there happen too many crime in the metro so it is not a really good option either . cars are in the middle of all of these . it ha all these problem and risk a well but in little amount . so again , car are the best option that people have . to sum up , because of the reason that the number of car are already increasing and the world is getting wider everyday , the number of car will not decrease in the future . in fact , it is more reasonalbe to say that this number will increase . in every aspect , car are the best option that is offered to humanity and no one seems to be looking for another option for them . in order to decrease the number of car in use , people must be offered something new and better to use .