i agree with the statement ` young people enjoy life more than older people do . ' there were two main reason for agreeing this statement . they were ` variation of choice ' and ` passionate ' . for the first reason , young people can have more choice than older people do . usually older people have le opportunity than young people have because of their age and also they have bad health than young do . also when older get hurt , they are recovered slower than young do because of older 's cell are too old reproduce themselves . this cause older 's choice became limited . for example , oldie can not ride a ski or snow board a youth people do dangerous trick because they have more risk than young rider have . for the second reason is related with passionate . young people usually have more passion than old people do . for the reason of this , it is because of hormone and the different amount of experience . old people have le hormone than young guy have and hormone is one of scientific catalyst that made exciting to the brain . for the result of this , even if young and old people do sex with a same situation , their excitement are different because of amount of hormone . for passionate , amount of experience also affect a lot . usually beginner ha more exciting than veteran doe . for example of this , when two different type of people have same girl friend , the amount of excitings are different between lady guy and the person who never had girl friend because lady guy already ha experience about having girl friend . this relationship doe not change a lot between old people and young people because old people usually have more experience than youth people have . old people can also enjoy the life , but young people usually can get more exciting or enjoyness from same activity . they caused from a lot of reason and some of them based on scientific data and psychological data . however , this doe n't mean old people ca n't enjoy their life even if the exciteness is different with youth group , they still can enjoy their life .