in the morden world , people always work so hard for their life , unusaly they forget to enjoy their life . there are bring a question tha if young people enjoy life more than older people do ? there are some people think that the older people are more enjoy the young people , the main reanson is that older people have enough time to enjoy their life . in my opinion , in fact that the young people enjoy life more than older people do . the reason are below . there maybe one or two advantage of the old people enjoy life more than young people . for instance , that when a person became old , they did n't spend so many time on work , stay themselves to live in the world . they have their son to gave their enough money to eat and drink , they only thing need to do is that to enjoy their own life . but young people must spend their time to work , study , and so on . they have so many thing to do , lead to do n't have time to enjoy their life . alao , i agree that the time is limet the young people to enjoy their life , but constrant the advantage , this will became not improtant . the young people have some many typies way for them to enjoy their life , in the morden world , there are have different choice for young people to play . for instance , that when after the whole day 's work or in the weekend , they can play football , basketball , and the other sport . there are not only goof for their body keep heath but also can make themselves relax . on the other hand , they could paly computer game with each other . not only of this , there have many other choice like sing song , dance , and so on . but these thing seem to hard for old people , they move so hardly , and do n't have health body to play this thing like sport . they main way is to stay home watch tv or talk wtih somebody . the other advantage of young people enjoy life is that they have good health to enjoy their life . one person if do n't have good health that mean so many thing they could lost . there are is why i think young people enj