the statement that the successful people take risk is by itself confusing . on my one hand are the people who donot want to take the risk and want to grow in the area in which they are the best and on the other hand there are people who want to take the risk and change with the time to excel and succed in life . i want to go with the risk taker a in my opinion if you are not taking challenge then you are not progressing and if you become stagnant after some time you will be a looser . the world is an ever changing place everyday there is some new technology in market over the old technology and the old technology vanishes with time . take the example of computer science industry if the pioneer such a bill gate , steve ballmer have n't taken the risk of stepping in this new area of technology right from the beginning of stepping into it by taking the risk of creating the first graphical based os to a high graphic resoluted computer what we have now although , they might have studied something else in life and could have secured a good job and life . but no they had to take the risk on doing something new in life and doing what someone ha ever done before and show a new way of thinkingto the world and society . if we follow the footstep of the technology tychoon of india mr. naryan murthy we will see that the risk can result in the biggest success of one life . right from the begining when he wa just an employee in a software company in india to the foundation of infosys . we will see that he ha taken risk several time in life . he wa having a successful job in a reputed company but he had a vision and to follow it he along with his group of friend started a company . which struggled in the slow down of econonmy in end of 1980 's . he put all his saving in the company to save it and now a we see it is a $ 3 billion organisation . this is example of one of the risk taker in life who have succeded in life . although , there is always lot of risk involved , we might loose also . but that should n't stop u from following our dream and taking a much risk a possible in life to achieve it hence , on the basis of the reason explained above i want to conclude that a successful preson ha to take risk in life .