if we had the possibility to go to live for a short period in the past , but not too far , maybe just sixty or seventy year ago , we would have been shocked to see how many thing have changed . if we speak to an elderly person , about 80 year old , surely he/she will say that he/she doe n't recognise this world anymore . the behaviour of the people ha changed , the way they consider and judge thing which surround their town , they community , or their city is completely and totally different . as far a i am concerned , i partially agree with this statement . it is certainly true that the young generation doe not give the right importance to helping the community they live in . infortunately , nowadays they are just interested in building up their career , in climbing the career ladder , in going to party , in getting drunk , and other million of similar thing . i my opinion , however , in not good blame just young people , and the reason i am saying this is that we must not forget that is the society or , better said , the entirely world which push in this way . everyone must be rich , must have a fat and expensive car , everyone must have a huge and impressive house , etc . .. i am not surprised that young people are becomig more and more selfish and money-oriented . in these day we do n't have any more the positive value and the moral and ethical rule that our grandfather had in the past century ! moreover , my personal opinion is that this change in the behaviour and in the concern in the community problem is not just related to the new or young generation . in fact , also adult or `` old and mature '' people are affected by this new disease : we can call it `` money-desire '' . more and more grandpa or grandma are left alone and without a real love and care by their relative , because their child or their grandchild are too busy too think about their life . in conclusion , personally , i think that we should change the mind of the people who live in the entire world to assure a little more help to our community and to our beloved grandfather .