the issue here is which one will be better to have for academic knowledge , broad subject or specialized in one specific subject . it is very complicated issue to choose one opinoin and to explain reason to decide . i would have to say that both are important equally , and i may not say that wheather i agree or disagree the issue above . i might have to say that it perfectly depends upon the situation for undergraduate or graduate student . i would like to explain my own opnion that it is hard to choose one issue . for college student , it is better to have wide range of knowledge in many academic field . after graduation of high school , young college student are still are not legally grown up . however mentally , they are going to face and study for real knowledge for their life . i believe that most high school graduate have strong long-term goal for their own life , but they have never met advanced subject before entering college . they should see various field to choose the specific field for their own life . it really important chance for them . for deeper study in graduate school , student have to be specialist for their own field . they need to know further knowledge and to have deeper unerstanding on the field that they already have chosen during being college student before . as graduate student , they rather to study and focus on specific subject to have compatitiveness to go to the real world . of cource some will not go out of boundary of university , but this kind of student also fosuc on specific subject to be a professer something like that . in conclusion , i agree that student must do both broad and specific academic knowledge . however i have to say that it is fully depends on their situation . one more thing that i would have to say is that student must have their unique and strong compatitiveness , selling point . to have this unique and strong compatitiveness , student have to think deeply to select what they really like and want to be . what ever we do , time go on . time is limited to everyone . students , please do n't waste time . the world is yours . be ambitious and be global leader .