i agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . first of all , the technique used in advertisement such a color , use of camera , background and a cheerful music create a more appealing atmosphere that induces people to buy that product . the advertising company are very talented to make product look bigger or smaller with clever positioning of the camera , depending on which of these two are merited . many product are purposefully portrayed differently to the consumer by advertisement trick . many food item are dyed with a special food coloring that make them look incredibly delicious so much so that even the best cook in the world can not give them such a look . they even create a fairy tale around a product to make people believe in the quality of the it . for instance , many product from car to perfume are presented with an appealing feminine figure a if the beauty of the model doe indeed convey the beauty of the product . so woman may buy a perfume not because it smell terrific but because it is used by a famous celebrity . the image or the fairy tale created around the product conceals the real quality of it and make it irresistible . the use of famous people can even be very much disappointing for the real consumer because people usually ignore questioning the necessity of buying a product when they see a famous and loved figure using it . this phenomenon which could be called the `` the celebrity effect '' is very much responsible for disappointed consumer in the long run . another factor that hide the real quality of product is the advertisement promotion . people start to use or consume product for their temporary benefit such a reduced fee for mobile phone for a limited campaign period but after that `` path dependence '' is created among the consumer and people are used to using that product , all of the temporary benefit are removed . to conclude , advertiser are doing everything to create an image that doe not quite exist , or exists only partially . i think the consumer should go and see the product in real life to make the ultimate decision .