the contemporary society request people to be very focused on their own goal , and achieving better position is possible only if you are available to find the best solution to your problem every day . in my opinion , i completely agree with the given statement , according to which if one want to be successful , he or she should follow new way to deal with his or her matter , and also being available to take risk . i can support my judgement with example from my personal experience , expecially if i consider my study and my work . like my father and my uncle , i graduated in architecture , so i wa expected to start working a a building architect , but i did not like that idea at all . in fact , a i have been fond of gardening since the age of fourteen , i wanted to became a landscape architect , in order to plan park and garden rather than civil building . consequently , i attended two post-graduate course in landscape architecture and now i have the right qualification to plan them . moreover , i have started a phd in that specific field , because i am very interested in pursuing an academic career at university . if i had followed my father and uncle 's path , i would have lost my unique chance to do what i really prefer . but there is also another positive aspect . considering that i knew lot of roman student where i attended my master , i decided that it wa better for my career to open a new associated atelier in rome to start working a a landscape architect . it wa really risky , because it requested a considerable amount of money and we had not enough work at the beginning , but i wa determined . now , i can state that we are quite successful , and this fact make me very happy . if i had continued to work at my father 's studio , i would never have been able to achieve this success . all considered , i suppose that it can be easily understood why i think that successful people need to try new activity or way to achieve their goal , even if they are risky , rather than following their previuos experience . my aim to become a landscape architect ha been reached only giving new direction to my life . in conclusion , i have no hesitation in recommending young people to keep this statement in their mind .