travelling in a group led by a tour guide coud be very interesting . the tour guide is an expert so there is little chance that the group would miss out any tourist attraction that are worth visiting . however , a far a i 'm concerned , travelling all by myself is much more exciting a it doe not stop me from making spontaneous decision and it also give me time to think about my life and plan my future . to begin with , being with a tour guide would mean that i have to follow the schedule that ha been drawn up beforehand and this would be very boring for the group of traveller . they have to visit place that are chosen by the tour guide even though they are not interested in them at all . for example , i went on a school trip to china recently and we visited many famous garden in china . they were all beautiful , of course , but i am not really keen on looking around garden so the trip wa very boring for me . if i wa allowed , i would have visited other place of my choice but obviously , i wa not . thus , when travelling a a group , it is very inconvenient that no-one is supposed to do any spontaneous action . moreover , to some people , travelling could be very special in respect that it could be a deviation from their normal life . they may need to take some respite from busy life they lead . for instance , i plan to have a gap year once i graduate from the high school and travel europe all by myself . this trip would make it possible for me to look back on my past life and it would also give me enough time to think about what i want to do in the future . it is a lot better to travel alone when you need to ponder over important decision to be made . hence , at some stage in their life , people need to be solitary while travelling in order to have time to get the new energy to carry on with their life . to conclude , i believe that travelling a a group is not quite perfect for some because it restricts people from doing anything at the spur of the moment and also because it is impossible for people to have a quiet time by themselves to cool off their head if they are with other people . i do not intend to assert that travelling alone is the best for everyone a it really depends on individual 's personal preference . the fundamental purpose of travelling is , i think , is to reflect on yourselves and if some people could do this while travelling a a group ,