in my opinion this statement is right . i think if you always do the same thing , that you have done since year you have to work harder to succeed . this work becomes boring and you can not imagine changing anything if you always do the same thing . for instance , if you always work in a company checking car , this can become very boring and monoton even if you earn a lot of money , work hard and you do your job well . but one day you will feel senseless and hopeless for a better future . if you do not risk or better take the chance and apply for an other job , there will never be any improvment of your situation . in this situation , success will be denied . you will never get a better job with better condition . in this situation you should change your point of view and try new thing . with an application you could get a job with better condition . but you have to risk that the earning can also be lower . this fact brings me to my point of view . in general , it is better to take risk . if you are felixible and try new thing you have the opportunity to alternate your work and even improve it . these change lead to new idea and point of view , which can have positive impact on the work and especially on the personality . as an example i can mention student who do not want to go abroad but can be convinced , that it is good for themselves a a person and for their curriculum vitae . this can be called personal success . going abroad mean to take the risk of being alone at the beginning , of starting a new life in a foreign country and even of speaking a foreign language . this way they have to learn self-reliance and become more self-confident . these value can lead to success in application in big company . this access can bring them to richness and satisfaction , which can be experienced a success . people who stayed at home studying well with gaining the best grade will probably not be a sucessfull a people being abroad . i think this is very convincing for the rightness of the statement .