an often discussed problem in our time is the pollution of the environment caused by carbondioxide , which occured by the great number of car used all over the world . so to have a look in our future a lot of well-known scientist try to answer this question for u : how would the situation change in the next 20 year ? will there be fewer car then now ? to discus this in proper way , we first have to name some pro and con underlining this theory . first of all to have a look at the negative site of this question . in 20 year the development of the tramsport system will not be far enough to reduce the number of car used by people . furthermore there are so many automotive company which benefit from the profit made by the car industry and there are also thousand of job , so that the government can not stop the trend of increasing number of car , if they do n't want the unemplyment figurs to rise . on the other hand there are some fact supporting the idea of a future with fewer car . on of them is the great number of giant project like the `` transrapid '' ( train ) , which show that a movement in an environment friendly way is possible . another , more important fact is : `` we are running out of resource , like crude oil !! '' , which are important for the production of gasolin . if there is no fuel , nobody can use his car , and the secondary resource like electricity , etc. are not enough developed . but the most important , and at the same time worrying fact is , that our environment is badly polluted , which mean that we have to face a time where the government of our world have to react , not like the us , in person of g.w. bush is behaving concerning the kyoto protocoll . there will be new law introduced to our society , regulating the usage time of a car per person per day . or for exemple the regulation that one family is only allowed to have one car . so to sum up , it will be hard to realize this wish , but with an optimized concept and the co-operation of all country , a realistic chance exists .