specialize knowledge knowledge is a vital aspect that leades to build the human ability to handel life challenge and be effictiv in the soceity . however the type of knowledge is important in order to to make the peoson able to overcome life issue and challenge and bieng a effeictive in the soceity . i beilve that the proper type of knowledge should be optained is the specialized knowledge which is focusing in one specific subject , because of many benifits theat leades to the quality . firstly , specialized knowledge give the benifit the person of bieng fully aware of all the aspect he or she is specialized in . because a he or sh is focusing in one subject or aspect , he will have the chance to understand and cover every thing related to his or here study . as a result the person wuold be master in the area he or she is studying . so , he will be focused and perfect and therefor he or she would benifit the socity more significantly that studying vast type to subject that not covering every aspect of thoes subject . in fact i know tow people , one is expert in marketing and the other one is knowledgeable in marketing , humaneresources , and finance . both are working in the markting feild . the one who is specialized in markting is super in his work where a the other one is not performing good perofrmance in his job . second , specialized study give the chance to person to add value to his study and extend the scope of his study . because he or she by bieng specilized in the are of thier study they will cover every aspect of the subject and this will give them the chance to make more reaserch and discovering by trying more expermints inthier field , and would expand thier knowledge in thier subject . so this will lead to more discovery . one the other hand people who study every thing will not be able to add value to what thier studying becuase they will not have the time to understand the full picture of every thing . for example the researcher in nasa are all specialized in thier field so they are able to come to new discovery because they are fully aware of thier field . in summary , in order to optain the quality , people should specialize in thier study . by optaing quality people the society will be benifited and many life challenge will be solved and overcomed .