have you ever dreamed of going back to the past when you could enjoy a much a you wanted ? the older you are , the le interesting your life might be . do you know why a lot of people are eager to be yeonger although our lifetime remarkably went up ? we are all dreaming of the happiest moment of my lifetime . just because you are younger than others , it doe n't mean that you enjoy life more than older people do . still , i take it for granted that there are more chance for younger people to enjoy life because they have more time to meet friend . besides , they do n't have a many experience a older people do . younger people can enjoy something jolly with people whom they like . although most of them go to school , there are also so many freinds a well a fellow in the school , whereas it 's extremely difficult for older poeple to gather their pal because each of them ha thier job . they should make money to take care of their beloved family who can be much more important than friend . on the other hand , younger people can go to the bar , club , concert and their chun 's house . no matter how much time they have , they can meet their friend whenever they want . next , they have le experience than older people do . it is one of tremendous advantage . they can do something that old people regard a something boring because it could be something special and uninitiated for them . for example , hard trip is pretty pleasing for them because it 's not only something new , but they can also undergo new and precious expriences . personally , i wa allowed to go to south-east asia at first becuase my parent think it can be absolutely hard and dangerous , but it wa very attractive and gay for me to go there . i could go there after i had been allowed to go there in the end . i have never gone though such fantastic thing . if i had been older and le active , i could n't have undergone . in conclusion , yeonger people enjoy our lifetime more than older people . they can do anything they want with their friend , and they can even enjoy something of which older people are already sick . that 's why i alleged affirm that younger people have more opportunity a well a time to enjoy themselves a far a i 'm concerned