there is a famous saying which read : `` give a hungry man a fish and he will be full for the day , give him a fishing rod and he will be full for the rest of his day . '' i strongly agree with what the proverb say and furthermore i believe the same logic applies in this case , a well . the understanding of the idea and concept is just like the rod , whereas the fact are the fish that last only a day . i believe that an ideal education should equip student with the necessary technique and concept to tackle any problem a opposed to the specific solution for the problem only covered in class . this enables student to deal with a much wider array of problem a they learn a general recipe of problem solving compared to a case specific approach . one great example from contemporary education would be history class . if fact were more important , then all a student would need to learn would be the year of certain event . however , i believe , and the statement asserts , that the motivation and consequence in a specific historic event should be studied more than the fact and date . rather than memorizing the year of a battle , an ideal history course should concentrate on the succession of the event that lead to the war . this , in turn , would enable student to reflect upon themselves and overcome similar challenge in their life . afterall life is a series of clashing interest , and it ha been that way throughout history . another proverb go : `` history repeat itself '' . it is true only if we value the fact more than the idea behind the event . similarly , in math , a student should be learning how to solve all problem of a certain type , a opposed to one specific setting . once a student learns the fundemental approach to solving , then s/he may resolve any question of the similar type . having studied math , i believe i have a greater first hand experience with the latter example . the comprehension of concept rather than pure learning of the fact is the mathematical philosophy . in any type of problem that math deal with , the main aim is to deduce an overall solution for all problem of the same kind . lastly , to conclude i would like to reestablish the importance of understanding idea and concept . actually in schooling this indeed is the nuance . learning at school is more about the concept than about the fact . when this occurs , the student realize the statement itself , and going back to my initial analogy , you make their life an ocean full of fish . they try to learn something and anything , anywhere and anytime , because they have their rod .