i believe that there would be fewer car in use in the next twenty year , than they are today . i would like to present various point to support my position which are a listed below . firstly , if we examine the number of car which have been in use in the past few year in the whole world , we would notice that the number ha increased . many reason can be ascribed to this increase . one of the reason is that car ha become a common commodity and a thing easier to posse a it cost ha decreased over the past few year . this price decrease might be due to various factor prominent of which would be the competition among automobile industry . this led to an increase in the number of car owned and being used . this increase ha drastically influenced the environment in the wrong way . it led to serious environmental problem . now-a-days , air pollution is one of the major problem being faced by many city and country in the world . the increase in air pollution is mainly attributed to vehicular emission apart from industrial emission and other source . amongst the vehicular emission , the emission due to car are the major contributor to the air pollution . hence , every country is now looking for option to reduce air pollution and that one effective way would be to lay emission norm and increase the tax on vehicle which would then place restriction on the usage of the car . hence the number of car might decrease . moreover , the congestion on the road ha increased due to increase in the number of car which resulted in traffic jam . this is making the life of the car user difficult . hence , they might opt for otherways of transport such a the public transport system . the government are also working out in improving the public transport system like the use of metro railway and bus for public transport . this is exactly what is being done in newdelhi ( india ) right now which is the place where i am staying and this ha worked out here and resulted in a decrease in the number of the car being used compared to the last year . after introducing delhi metro over here the number of car in use on road have decreased . one more point i would like to suggest to support my position is that increase in scarcity of fossil fuel and hence the hike in fuel price might also be responsible for the possible decrease in the number of car in the next twenty year . hence , in sum , i would like to reassert my position after stating the above point that there might be fewer car in use in the next twenty year than they are today .