the world is already aware of the harm that the industrial revolution ha made to the atmosphere . since it is an issue of worldwide importance restriction policy are implemented in the most developed country . until new technology will be discovered , unfortunately tho restriction policy will not work . there are few reason for this . first it is evident that with the growth of the quality of human health , people will live longer and so the number of human being on earth will considerably increase . thus the number of potential car driver will increase allso . even though country will try to limit car use and develope public transportation the development of human socities combined with the globalization will creat a bigger need for car all over the world . the developing or underdeveloped country will need car and all the new possibillities provided by car in order to develop their economy . almost all the african continent will need motorized vehiculs in order to create a strong economy and way to trade with their neighbour . moreover if we look at the recent boom in the indian and chinese economy we may suggestt that in twenty year those two great country will also be the first car importer a their population are the greatest compared to the one of any other country in the world . as the average condition of living of the population around the world are slowly and enequally increasing there are still some country that did not undergo the industrial revolution . i t seems quite obvious then that there will not be fewer car in twenty year . there may be fewer car in the occidental country a europe or the united states or at least they will be le polluting . as a conclusion i would say thay even with the best will of the politics thr car is still a product that is not only usefull but also beautifull for some people . it can be used for a lot of different purpouses and a a lot of people like to show off and live in great luxury , the car will not disapear in the next twenty year .