`` where there is a will , there is way '' . also , generally the willingness is inversely proportional to the year one ha lived for . in other word with some reservation i agree with the statement that the desire to enjoy wane a year pas by . young people are more full of zeal and enthusiam and posse the energy required to be applied to any entertainment activity . these activity could be sport , dance party , trekking , mountaineering , rafting , surfing so on and so forth . as we reach senility perhaps the will to be the part of a group of happenning people fade off . another reason that may explain that aged people have limitation while they want to enjoy is the level of responsibility they bear . even if they plan to go out for a movie that may not require physical exercise , various trivial thing are always after their life . child wanting to have an ice cream when the ` hero ' is just planning to elope with his lady . .. ooops . further , what if he want to play with a car that is at home . .. unimaginable . these may seem to be very minor thing but when it come to solve the problem enjoyment and entertainemnt are left far behind . take another contrasting example of child below 5 . no school blue , no home work , no restriction , nobody to take care of . quite easily they get the permission to play with their friend . as technology and science have progressed so have developed the way to get an exhilirating body / mind work out . video game for example are accessibility that child cherish . as older people may not be well acquainted with more modern machine they may find it difficlut to enjoy in this way . while i rewrite that where there is a will there is a way i am not just repetitive . i now want to present the reservation i mentioned in the introduction . however , old age may bring physical weakness , loss of agility , there are various method in which they try and live their life to fullest . golf , the game of old gentleman is quite a challenging affair , which even i have n't ever been capable to win . chess is the next trump card they come up with when no body movement is desired . moreover , i have seen people who have their secret group in which they organise personal party , go for trip and enjoy life in the way they want . after , all the example and explanation i would like to conclude that fervor is the only requisite ingredient . age does't matter a lot ( but certainly to some level it doe ) .