since beginning of my prep-school education , our teacher tried to teach every thing from different area , for example we had math course , music course and also a drawing course . this situation continued until the the university education begin . for the first time , in the university we started to specialize our knowledge to specific area . for a person 's academic plan we can think by this way . however , when you start your academic life you can specialize for only one subject or try to get information from different subject . i think specializing is more effective way for all the period of education . the first reason is , if you specialize in one specific subject and if you accomplish this successfully , you will become an autherity for this subject and you can answer all question about this subject . however , if imagine the other choice , trying to have broad knowledge of many academic subject , you will never say i performed successfully , because nowadays technology is exponentially growing and the information about all the subject are developing , i want to say that today knowledge can be uselles for today . because of these reason , folowing the technology and updated information will be impossible if you want to have knowledge from different subject . another important issue for specilazing one specific subject is , the academicans ' first task is investigate new thing and gather new information and then share them with the public . investigating is a very difficult task and if you want to find new thing for a subject and also develop it , you should know everythin about the subject until now . you must define all the detail of the subject and only by this way you can make investigation . specializing is became very important for this approach because it is impossible for a person to know every thing about subject from different area . as a conclusuon , specializing is much better than having broad knowledge of many academic subject . also , in my belief that , we start specilaizing from the high-schools or earlier . we should define people 's ability and draw a direction for their future life . by this way we can create expert academicans for their subject