in my point of view , it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is to learn fact . a general concept or idea is made of fact , which are statement found in textbook or encyclopedia . nevertheless , it is clear to me that the importance of fact ca n't be decreased , because in certain field of study such a history , fact are extremely relevant . but in most field of study , without a general understanding of the concept , fact appear worthless . on one hand , concept and idea have an importance that ca n't be diminished , because those are the element that will help one to learn the fact . without understanding the concept or the idea , a student will not be able to learn but more importantly to remember for a long period of time the fact related to the concept or idea . for example , in an astronomy class , the concept of how the planet evolve is more important to understand than to know the exact figure or path constituting the planet 's movement . on the other hand , concept and idea are what help a student in his future professional life . the fact can easily be found again in a textbook , on the internet or in any database . but if the concept made by these fact is not understood , the student will not be able to use the fact properly . for instance , a law student , a myself , ha to learn a lot of fact and regulation . however , those fact or rule wo n't be useful if the concept is not understood . when , in the future , this law student who became a lawyer is confronted to a tough case , the general idea of how the law regulates on that matter will help him solve the case , whereas the only regulation , if not understood , wo n't . in that example , the everyday life of a lawyer prof the importance of the concept because fact or regulation can be found easily . in conclusion , general idea or concept are the essential part of what should be known and understood by every student . however , what make a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the fact .