this is an intricate subject for me , yet i will try to elucidate it . many student think that if there is a more free and intellectual environment in the university , they can be more successful and creative . on the other hand , other student claim that there is no need much more intellectual level education , if univesity can provide enough knowledge for surviving life , it 's ok . in this context , i support the former idea for the following reason . one of the strongest reason in favor the approach undestanding idea and concept more important for student is that the economic and social system have been transforming to more elligible form for the knowledge society . as a result of this , if you have not catched the changing , your knowledge based on fact will be old in short time . another reason is that there wa not much more crucial focusing on research and development study and innovation in the agricultural and industrial society . however , reasearch and development and innovation are the major determiner of global economy , so they are feeding new idea and concept . if you are inside the novelty , you can have changing the world . that 's why , we must locate on the side of new idea an concept . lastly , production center have been shifting from industrial zone to science and technoparks . economical system ha been gradually adapting the science and technology . the major supporter of science and technology are new idea and concept . for this reason , so many venture capital firm emerged . what doe it provide u ? if we have a original , creative and useful idea , we are able to be successful in the le time . all thing considered , i come to notion that there are three reason why i support the idea undestanding idea and concept more important than learning fact . firstly , we have lived in the knowledge society , so we must have the knowledge for our whealty . secondly , new economy ha based on new idea and concept . thirdly , the new economical structure can provide new opportunuties if we have creative idea and concept .