travling cost a lot of money . have you ever thought about how much do you spend when you travle ? a lot of people love travling but they do not want to spend a lot of money on travling . when people travled to a different place about which they do not have any information , they would get lost while they were looking for the place they wanted to visit . therefore , having a tour guide with you in your travling can take to beautiful place in short time . there fore i agree on that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because by that , the tour guide entertained you and save your time which are the most important thing during your travling . the first benefit of have a tour guide is that he entertains you . the tour guide have a big knowlagde about the place where he tour you . for example , supose you do not know about the good place in califronia and you went to it . if you did not have a tour guide , you would not good any place except the one that near by your hotel . in addition , if asked people about the good place , they would not tell you because they might not remeber them . however the tour guide job is to know the good place that will make the tourist entertained . finally , the tour guide would try his hardest to entertained you , so that you might like him and tell othe pople about him . the second point is theat the tour guide would save a lot of your time . for exmample , one of my friend went to riyadh , which is the capitel city of soudi arabia , with out a tour guide . he thought that since he life in a country that is near by saudi arabia , he should know where to go in riyadh . on the contrary , hey got lost in it and waste a lot of time looking for the good place and hotel to stay in . his plan ea to spend one week in riyadh but he spent tow week . when i asked him about his trip , he said that he should have rented a tour guide . eventhough , he went with a group who also have good information about riyadh , the got lost . opponents of having a tour guide in a group maintain that it cost money having a tour guide . however , having a tour guide would cost le on what you would spen on transportation by getting lost . in conclusion , you would save time and be entertaind if you have a tour fuide in a travle with a group .