learning the fact and understanding the idea and concept are actually the most significant element for student but i agree with the given statement and think that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . i think there are some reason make student behave this way . first of all , we are all in a very competitive school environment and we have to get high grade at school . in order to get high grade we have to study very hard . but while we are studing we see that the idea and concept are more in important in the exam than the fact . i maen the teacher ask u about the specific method , idea or the concept rather than the truth or fact . therefore in order to be successful we deal with the important point of the exam and it is certain that idea and concept are more important in the exam . i can say that i do the same thing and i deal with the concept and idea more than i care about to learn fact . secondly i can frankly indicate that today student are lazy . learning the fact need more skill like critical thinking , assessing the issue and clarifying the different aspect of them and etc. but on the other hand understanding the method , idaes or concept is something more easier . to be able to understand the idea or concept you do not have to think of it detailly , you can only study the course material and maybe memorize them . thus i can suggest that understanding the idea is more easier for student than learning the fact . that is why they find it more important to understand the idea and concept than to learn fact . another element make student feel this way is the education system . i can give example from my country . in turkey the education system lead student to feel and behave this way . for instance in our history course they just make u to memorize the idea and the concept instead of giving u information and background about the fact . we memorize the date of the war or important event during the reign of a sultan but unfortunately we can not deal with the reality . hence i can indicate that education system is a very basic and significant element at this issue . all in all , it is cartain that student find it more important to understand the idea and concept rather than learning the fact but i hope one day it will change and we will start thinking of the fact more than we do today . i think this will be a very significant milestone in student education life and more creative and good skilled young student will be trained .