nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their community . who are those who spontaneously share their time to help ? what about those who do not help and what are their reason ? first of all , it is important to determine exactely the zone we would like to focus on . we could consider the north american and french population even we can not deny the cultural gap . in our western culture , nowadays people grow up a consumer and within time they tend to be willing to satisfy their evergrowing desire to consume . this behavior reflects the individualism that characterizes the nowadays young people . not only are young people individualist but they are also aware that time is money . the more time you spare , the more money you save ! those who spontaneously give enough time to helping their community are people who consider being fair is essential . a friend of mine used to be volunteer at the j. carter 's fundation . she worked with a group of people coming from all over the world and coming from various walk of life . they learnt how to built house and they spent their whole summer building house for the poor latin american family who can not afford such comfort . i could also provide the example of a friend who spends every saturday in a pension for elderly people a a volunteer so a to offer them company and sincere attention . i do admire her devotion and the way she is involved in what she belief fair and good . i belong to those who do not give enough time to helping . i sometimes help association especially in the winter when they need volunteer to serve food to the people in need . but i am aware this is not enough and i could do more . i do agree that lot of people of my age do not give time at all because they do not feel concerned . our generation is deeply rooted in an individualist perspective . my parent ' generation ha known winter 54 ' for instance with the great national movement lqunched by the abbe pierre in france . maybe my generation suffers from a lack of such a charismatic spokesman who could be able to gather young people and to channel their conscience and their energy to give more time to helping the community .