i do agree to what is being said about the successful people in the above stated question . because , it is a matter of fact and can be accepted that the successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . for a successful person , it would rather become an interest to go in search of many new thing by taking risk . if at any point of time , one is really successful in any aspect of life , he or she would really go in search of new thing even if it call for risk to get expertise in all the aspect of life , a life is not confined to a small pond . that would make them understand different thing and different situation in the world andf also teach them the necessary step to be taken . the world is very big and there are many thing to be learnt from the world , so one can not limit his area of thinking and expertise in only one field . one should get a diversified idea and reasonable expertise in what exactly is happening around the world . on the contrary , when we become successful in one area of life , we tend to know more about the same thing we have been learning all year . they would have the profound knowledge about the same aspect of life , however , if something else is given to them , they just go blank a they do not know what ha to be done exactly in those situation . one try to develop an illusion to only have his thinking confined to a single errand rather than going deep into the world . when it come to learning different thing , besides what they are already doing , the new thing would for sure fascinate one self to go deep into it . in the future , if an individual face any instance in his life in regard to something outside his profession , he would find room to get some thing done for himself rather than just going blank in those situation which a normal person would . with the present day increasing technology , if one ha to grow in his life , one profession would not fetch him bread and butter . only multiple talent would actually make him earn a living . at the same time we can not expect all the people to be gifted with the same talent , there would be some people without multiple talent . this is where bill clinton 's phrase come into picture . '' if someone is born poor , it is not his fault . if he dy poor , it is is fault . '' this play a major role and would be quoted a motivating statement that would drive an individual to take risk and try out new thing rather than doing what they already know how to do well .