who is the smartest ? an average student who go to school 8 hour every day , or a student who go to school just 3 or 4 hour a day and then ha to go work to complete his degree ? basically , school is made to teach u idea and concept to be able to react to situation in our future life . but what is the most important ? to know a lot of concept or to know how to apply them in a concrete situation ? both of them have an equal importance in life , it depends on the way people think and act ; furthemore , they complete each others . first of all , we can say that everybody functiuns in a different way . indeed , some people prefer to learn idea instead of people who prefer to learn and understand by using fact . a very good example is the way we act with a using notice . some of u will rather read all the manuel and then start to look at the computer for example ; however , some of u will throw the notice away and will directly look at the computer to rty understand how it work ; they will try to make it functiuns by themselves . they will maybe press a button they feel is useful and then follow their intuition to make it work . if it doe n't work , those people will try something else untill the computer is on . in a second part , we can say that school should be more opened to taught student more fact than they do actually . indeed , if some student have trouble with school , it 's maybe because the system is not well-adapted for them . perhaps , they will fell more comfortable if the teacher were using more fact and more concret example than whan they just teach their class with idea and concept which can sometimes seem unreal . for example , when a business instructor is talking about a specific startegy , it seems unbelievable that he doe n't give any specific axamples to his student to make them see how this strategy can work in a real job environment . moreover , everybody agrees to say that to apply or a job , a person with experience will have more chance to have this job than a person with no experience . but experience is principally made of fact . to conclude , we can say that if a student want to have a good position in his profesional life , he should have reference on his resume that show that he already had an experience , but he also should have a good scholar transcript that show that he received a good formation for the job he want to have .