i do not corroborate with the author that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . on the contrary , i feel that in general there is an increased awareness of one 's obligation towards society and towards the community one belongs to , and example to reiterate this point can be seen in the various event and activity occuring around u . let u first dwell into what we mean my community . a community may be huge , a in the case of the country , or even the world , after all it a global community all of u live in . it may even be small , like a small village which may only have inhabitant sharing a common family tree . a community can be a group of people sharing similar thought , for example the community of female activist who who work towards the community of female , their right and their enpowerment . it may be the alumnus of a university who seek to work towards the development , in what ever way possible , of their alma-mater . essentially a community is a group of people sharing similar thought , motif , ambition , origin and a whole list of other attribute whose listing in itself will require lot . young people , realising what they owe to their origin from where they have come are actually playing a lead role in the development of their respective community . there are various instance of a boy from a small village of the under-privileged , somehow making it into an honourable university by virtue of hard work , going on to become a powerful industrialist or tycoon , and returning to his village to empower the people , to give them and the child out there what child in his day were deprived of . no matter what the magnitude of help is , it is at least better than nothing . people belonging to this genre not only donate money judiciously , but also their time . let me rather cite a personal example . i am a member of the nss ( national social service ) . as the name suggests , it is aimed at helping the underprivileged through various way . more importantly , all of u are undergraduate . there are a few student who go twice or thrice a week to teach child who can not afford education subject like mathematics . others collect newspaper and spare stationery item from student in the campus , and the money we recover by selling these is used to buy book for those child belonging to the weaker section of society . more importantly , this is not a local organisation , it is an organisation operating actively at a national level . apart from such society in which young people have enrolled in large number , there are a large number of young philanthropes who contribute very judiciously at time of tragedy . besides , many people volunteer to go to the unfortunate site a well to provide relief to the victim , all this requires a lot of time . there is an explicit line of difference between contributing with time and contributing with money . contributing with money alone doe not necessarily sevre the purpose , what if the money go into the wrong hand . th emobilisation of funde ha to be monitored and contribution with time should be given an equal amount of emphasis , of not more , and a greater number of young people today understand it . gone are the day when the victim did not have any one to look up to when at need a several instance of history such a the recurrent draught in the rajasthan area of india ha told u . although much still need to be done , but we can all look towards a better future when more and more younger people will contribute with both money and time towards the upliftment of the downtrodden