i totally desagree with the statement which say that young people enjoy life more than older people do for many reason . it 's a common idea that these day , because of our extrem consumer society , young people must be happier than older people but this is completely fake . first young people have more and more trouble then older people are totally taken care thse day . we can see the world of today offer to young people a real pressure . first they will have to save the planet earth by cleaning it which is a crucial mission , planet which ha been destroy by the older one . secondly , we all know they will have to continue to take care of their parent , maybe grand-parents while they are working hard in this more and more expensive world , for a great part of their own life . also , nowadays , young struggle in order too make good study because the elitism ha become incredibly awful . they have been constently under pressure seeing their brother from the south dieing in these terrible situation we watch on tv . on the other side , older people enjoy life more than anyone by living of their child 's money . spending a lot , destroying the planet even more by polluting or taking expensive hollidays . they become the little child afterwards , taking care by their own child . born after the war it 's even worst because they have been living in insouciance during their whole life . let 's take an other exemple , they are not productive at all whereas they have a lot of power ; blocking the entire economic system , an enormous political impact . they make stuck the state and the young civilian who want some change . in conclusion we ca n't admit that the statment is right because , based on the situation of today , every young people will tell you that he is scared for his future and that he think he will have to sacrifice for his child not to have the same destiny . young are n't happy at all and the olders do not care about it . this situation show the crisis our planet and it population will have to face .