i strongly agree with the statement that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . the two main problem faced by people because of more number of car on road are the increasing number of traffic jam and the increasing level of pollution . people have become aware that it high time to address these two problem right now before it go out of hand . people today are aware of the harmful effect of the air pollution on the environment . one major source of this air pollution is the vehicle . harmful substance like carbon monoxide etc. coming out of the vehicle is harming the ozone layer and thus increasing the case of skin cancer . everyone ha started realising that if we want to save our future generation then we have to think of alternative of car . and people have started to act on it a well . for example , in many european country , we can see that people travel on bike or on foot than on car . in many country like singapore , malaysia . england etc . metro rail or tubes have started operating . the metro rail are laid a a network to interconnect the entire city and it ha been proved quite succesful in these country . more number of people prefer to travel by metro than by their car . you will not find that many car on the road there . following their example , india ha also brought metro the country and people have started to travel by it . because of it , the pollution level and traffic jam both have reduced . there are more country to follow . in addition to this , petrol price are sky rocketting making the car travel more expensive day by day . people are not able to afford the monthly expenditure of the petrol or gas . also our oil and petrol reserve are very limited and will get over in the next thirty to fourty year max which will force u to look for other travelling option . in the end , i would just like to say that forcibly or willingly , we will give up car travelling in future because of the above mentiones reason which will let u see fewer car in use in twenty year than there are today .