the question whether or not being in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel is first of all one of age . if you are old and insecure , the day of adventure and exploring are long behind you and you only feel safe when you are with at least ten other people , it might just be the right choice for you . if you are going to a country so foreign that communication with local is impossible , you do not know what you can eat or drink and the wildlife is a mystery to you , travelling with an experienced guide can definitely be an advantage . but then again . .. if you travel this way , you might just miss out on all the thing that make travelling so exciting , unique and worth your while . not being able to communicate with native in the country your in is definitely a huge disadvantage , but if you 're polite and patient and do not act like the king of the world , you might just find your best friend that way . people that will show you around , show you the interesting spot far away from all the sightseeing , people that will cook food for you that you ca n't experience in any of the westernized restaurant picked by the travel company . travelling without a tour guide also enables you to make your own schedule . you like a place - you stay . you do n't want to spend 5 more minute in this town - take the next bus south . on the downside the freedom of travelling on your own time and schedule always mean travelling on your own expense . so it is possible that a guided tour will turn out to be cheaper than the self organized trip . this doe whatsoever entirely depend on your trip . one of the great advantage of travelling with an organized tour is security . you know where you 're going , you know what you 're going to do , you do not have to make any decision , you know how much you 're going to pay for your vacation . these are , despite my sarcastic undertone in the introduction , good reason for travelling this way . it 's a tough decision between travelling comfortably or taking the risk of backpacking around the world . unfortunately most people have more to worry about than just that . if travelling is an option , meaning it being financially possible for one , the decision between those two entirely depends on one preference and standard . i would personally always take the adventure of exploring a country on my own over the boredom of a guided group tour . i hope to keep this attitude for a long a possible . but who know how long that is going to be . ..