when we speak of academic generalizatiaon versus specialization i will disagree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . what differenciates a man from an animal . its his ability to think and analyse . its his mind that differenciates him . simailarly what differenciates a student who ha done a general mba from one who ha specialised in financial engineering . the answer lie in the fact that specific problem require specific solution . very often in our work environment we are faced with peculiar problem which we are unable to solve . what do we do ? we call in the expert . an expert is one who specialises in solving a particular problem . he ha the knowledge and the experience in that particular field that give him the competitive advantage that the layman would not posse . let me explain this with a simple illustration . a export house that is expecting certain cash flow in the future is unsure of the currency market and would like to cover his future cash flow . a friend of his suggests that the best solution would be to book a forward contract and crystalise the amount of inflow . however what he doesnt realise is that if the market were to move favorably he would end up missing out on a lot of potential gain . thats why it would make more sense to be guided by a financial engineer ( the expert ) who would be able to structure a deal for him whereby he would minimise his risk while at the same time have ace to higher return . another classic example would be in the area of medical science . in a very simple case of tooth ache i would prefer to see the dentist rather than a general physician because i know that the dentist will be able to accurately pinpoint the problem and confidently give me a solution for the same . experts/specialists are often those people who will give you that edge over the competition . this is not to say that i totally disregard people who who have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , it just that specialist are those who help differenciate the the best from the rest of the pack . in conclusion i would like to say that specialization add that indepth understanding and analysis to learning the help professional to effectively counter problem in their specific field of study .