todays world is very competitive , everyday there are new advance in many aspect of our life that we need to keep pace with . taking this fact into account , it is much more rewarding to have knowledge on many subject than to know and specailize only one . first of all , we live in a world that is exhibiting tremendous development in many field , in order to keep up with this rapid development , we need to further broaden our knowledge . for example a doctor who know alot about medicine , should also be familiar with other skill such a , dealing with the emotional aspect o the patient . he also need to have some knowledge about accounting and legal aspect to run his own private clinic . in other word , he need the specailized skill a a doctor , and the some general skill to know how to deal with some vital aspect . moreover , computer technology is one branch that ha showed tremendous development and ha changed our life in many way , so a basic knowledge of the skill to use a computer is crucial to many people , no matter what thier field of study or interest are . for example , a teacher in science class will get the information he/she need from textbook for his/her student . however , learning how to use computer and to search the internet open a teacher to a wide range of information that benefit both the teacher him/her student . so a basic skill in computer is needed , besides the knowledge a a science teacher . furthermore , having a broad knowledge of alot a subject open u up to new world and show u what we really are . to be more precise , someone who is an expert in geology might study art and literature . and becomes more interested in museum , art gallery , and reading book . this will open him up to intersting thing like travelling abroad to explore historical event and art in other country . in my opinion , it is crucial to have a wider range of information on many academic subject . it make u more successful in our career , it open u up to new world , and show u our value and interest .