comparison of understanding and learning is probably one of the most important discussion i have seen about the turkish educational system in the last ten year . this paper will mainly discus the positive and negative side of understanding the idea and concept and learning the fact . understanding the idea and concept for student is very important for not only for their education life but also the real life . as an illustration , a phylosophy teacher may explain plato a only a man who said that there ha to be three group to form the ideal society : worker , soldier and the leader . it would not mean anything to the student . because of this statement , the student may think that my father is working a a doctor , my uncle is a soldier and i am seeing the president of my country once a week so my country is just like plato explained centries ago . contrarily , the same philosophy teacher may explain that the three group forming the society are the mirror image of the three quality which form the good person . these quality are desire symbolized by worker , emotion symbolized by soldier and virtue symbolized by the leader . understanding the concept behind plato 's idea are more important than the plato 's idea themselves . on the other hand , learning the fact are also very important for scince and engineering student . with the help of the fact , people can understand the universe . by knowing the law of gravity , we can understand why an object can fall from the sky or by knowing kepler 's law , we can understand how earth revolves around the sun . a student doe not have to know the the number zero is discover , solving the question is more important for him/her . to sum up , i want to say that understanding idea and concept and learning the fact are very both very important for the student . on the other hand , i believe that understanding the idea and fact make you a better person in addition to being a good student while learning the fact can make you only a good student . so , i agree with the statement that understanding is more important than learning .