according to me successful people try new thing and take risk . if someone want to be good at anything , he ha to do something original . original thing take attention and people care about them for instance , let 's assume a group of student working on synthesizing a chemical compound that can be used a a drug for cancer . every student work on the synthesis without asking or questioning whether this compound is experienced before or analyzed in a laboratory . in this case , if a student want to analyze , this will differ him from the others . this one asks the work and think the consequence of this synthesis and also question whther it will be used practically . the compound can not be used because of it structure or may not have the speciality to be used a a drug . in spite of the fact that , questioning either the situation in which people are or the work which people do , provides some one to improve himself . as in this example , the student who want to analyse , besides synthesis , may learn about the analyzing method . this a simple purpose for improving himself . from another aspect , everone can not take risk easily . generally people are afraid of the consequenses . but on the other hand , by evaluating the advantage or disadvantage of a new way ( a new route to synthesis for instance ) or a different solution to a problem , may result sufficiently . so trying another synthesis route may have risk . due to the fact that , the chemical are difficult and dangerous to deal with , chemical reaction shoul be considered very carefully . but with a good research a student can change the way of synthesis . finally , people have risk all the time in life . to be succesful , people should take risk with cryticisizing every aspect . in addition to that , questioning lead to learn more . in today 's world , the more knowledge , the more success . competition in every area force people to take risk and to improve themselves to survive . in order to live in better condition , people should try new thing . unless they ` regenerate ' themselves , life can not be a place to live , to survive .