during the twentieh century , car have been in the very heart of the occidental society . since the early 1920 's , the number of individual vehicle had increased sharply . but today , many question themselves about the future of this kind of transportation . will there be fewer car in twenty year than there are today ? i believe there will , for three main reason : firstly because of a ressources run out , secondly because of environmental consideration , and eventually for pratical , technical reason due to the amount of space left . i would start by pointing out a problem which is widespoken about in the medium in these day , that is to say the lack of gas ressources . a recent study showed that if the chinese had a many car a the average american , these chinese car will consume all the gas production on earth . that underline a serious problem : there is not enough gas on this planet to allow everybody to have one 's own car . and this , i think , prevents car from being this century 's personal transportation . even though it ha been tried to build car running on hydrogen , the test that were made have shown it would be much more expensive , much more dangerous , and much le efficient than gas . the lack of ressources is the first reason for which i believe there will be far fewer car in twenty year . furthermore , car running on gas have had a terrible effect on our planet 's environment for the last century . people are slowly getting aware of that , even if it sometimes turn into real chestnut , especially in french city where 4x4 owner are told to be the main helper of pollution , while there are plenty of other reason . yet , it is a fact that car pollute much , and that we are very unlikely to find a cleaner efficient ressource . finally , there is one very simple but crucial problem about car , that is not a currently underlined a the lack of gas is : the lack of space . let 's say that each single person in beijing , for instance , own one 's personal car . what would happen ? we all have in mind the image of beijing 's , or tokyo 's incredibly crowded street . how will how these people do to park their car , or even to get out milliom-car traffic jam with it ? shall we turn the whole world into a gigantic parking lot ? this problem is already happening in developped country 's largest city , such a tokyo and new-york city . let 's face it , it would be a disaster if everyone owns one 's car in le developped country 's immense city , let 's say new delhi or johannesburg , where the infrastructure will certainly be poor , according to these city 's development . in twenty year , th earth will be crowded enough without any need for hundred-kilometer traffic jam . by way of conclusion , i would say that car are definetely not our future , and that one should concentrate on improving public transportation .