the statement `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are '' , is partly true . the thing they present in magazine and on television are always presented very well , not showing a single flaw of the product. a product that is often presented better in advertisement than it actually is , is food. a lot of company , such a burger king , wendy 's , or subway , always present they food product very well . the burger that we might see on television or in a magazine look delicious , with it meet grilled to perfection , and the grisp `` homegrown '' tomato , the freshly baked bread . but when actually having bought and tasted the product , the customer might experience a suprise and a dissappointment . the so delicious , golden fry seen on television , might actually be pale , potato stump , fried to almost perfection in very very very old oil . the burger , so tasty looking in the magazine , might in reality embody a piece of grey old meat , between 2 almost fresh tasting piece of bread . make-up for example is always presented very well in commercial on tv or in magazine . the skin of the model look super soft and pure , the lash so full and long , the lip perfectely shaped and full . but what most of the buyer do n't know , is the way a picture and the model are prepared before displayed in a magazxine or shown on television . the lash are fake , the lip are reshaped with the help of of photoshop , and the skin purified with tone of thick make-up and powder . the result of super volume mascara in reality is most often very disappointing , and instead of having those sexy long lash , one find herself having short clumpy lash . nevertheless , those are just some example that appear to be high quality product , but the crucial fact is that the buyer ha the choice whether to believe the incrediable presentatiopn of the product and thus buy it , or not to believe it and not buy it . the problem that arises is that one can never be sure of what he or she is buying , because one will always be affected by the inevitable law of money making , and the price a customer ha to pay for it . i believe that those are some major flaw that influence our life greatly , but i also believe that we , the buyer , can not do anything about it . we a customer simply have to accept that we either have to pay an incrediable amount of money or to pay for le quality cheap product .