i ultimately agree with the fact that it is better to be specialized on a specific subject than to spread energy on different subject . however i say ultimately , because being and staying focused on one subject mean always to discard other subject . i found the focus necessary and very important at a certain late stage of the personal working career or academic career . the reason behind his you build up some `` spikes of knowledge '' on a broad knowledge platform . these sharp spike of knowledge will allow you to promote yourself and to pull with you the society forward . having said that a deep knowledge of one subject can only be based on the focus on a certain subject and none u are born with a direction and with a goal ready to be accomplished from the day of birth . instead we should find our path and our focus by ourself and to do that we need a broad range of knowledge . think for example to the manager of a company who is very good financially , but it doesent know history , politics ... he will always take the best financial decision and at the same time will always have a strong opposition inside his team or industry , because a he doe n't know the history and the culture of the people behind the business , he will never be able to respect them . therefore i think in an early stage it is positive to broad our knowledge on different subject like : history , language , politics , art , mathematics , phisics , biology , economy ... however at a middle or later stage we should focus or refocus on the subject we love more or on the subject which will give u more satisfaction . as an example for this i can talk about myself . i have received an education on differents topic from latin to mathematics , i have study engineering and i got a doctorate degree in engineering , however one day i found out that my life wa in business , therefore after 12 year working in sale & marketing , i decide to build up my knoledge focused on business matter and to pursue an mba study and i am sure that this will bring success to myself and to the people around me .