the world is growing at a faster rate and the population of human is also increasing day by day . hence in order to provide better communication emphasis on technology improvement is also given . some people think that since the population is increasing there will be more number of car in near future but in my opinion the number of car is going to decrease significantly in next two decade due to reason like traffic conjuction , pollution , limitation of fuel and technology improvement . since the capacity of a road system is fixed and number of vehicals are increasing there will be problem like traffic conjuction and then people will be forced to use pubile transport system . when people will use public transport then they will know the befiets of it such a it cost le , save time etc and more and more people will be attracted to it which will lead to a decrease in number of car . at the same time goverments are also supporting the public transport eg : in my country which is india pubile transport such a metro rail and fly bus are given a huge amount of money . cars are the biggest source of pollution . now a dayes the people awarness about ill effect of pollution is increasing , people now are more consern about the global warming and othere problem of pollution . hence there is a maximun chance that in near future the goverment may impose certain rule to reduce pollution which will certainly decrease the car population . as we all know that our fossiel fules are limited so in near future definetly their will be shortage of fules which are primary requirement for the car . so in next today year there may not be sufficient fuel or the price will be so high which make the car very costly than public transport hence people will be forced to use public transport which will certainly decrease the number of car . besides that the technology is also continiously improving so it may happen that we will have certain substitute for car and in that case the car population will obviously decrease . so in nutshell in my opinion the problem due to car , limitation of fuel and technology improvement will certainly affect the number of car and hence in next two decade there will be fewer car in use than today .