in my opinion it may be better to have a broad knowledge of many acedemic subject rather than having knowledge on a single subject and it may not be true always . . first , i believe this because now a day the competition is more . it may be touf to compact with this competition we must have our leg on different area . for example take a company it wll prefer the employee who done a business course and degree course rather than the person with only degree course . this is because they think that he wll be usefull to the organisation more than the later . second , every subject we learn wll be usefull to u in our life at a point . for an instance take mathematics it wll be usefull for u to calculate the sum , measure measurments etc . so if a man have knowledge on only one subject it wll be hard to survive the life . and he shold depend on others for simple reason . third , some subject may be disappear . this is because lak of intreset in that particular subject . take a subject that is not intrested by many of the student for example history . many people donot like the history subject because they feel it bit boring . if they donot have a knowledge on history then there may be the consequence like forgetting our old tradition , culture completely . which may not be good . although we must have a broad knowledge on many subject we should be perfect in a specific subject that is our intreset of study . by getting a minimal knowledge of the all subject may answer all the question posed above . but itself wll not be sufficent . the advantage of having a knowledge on a specified subject are a follows . by getting more information on the particular subject may help u to built our carrier more systamatically . not only that by having a more knowledge on one subject help u to motivate developing new idea . we may know the erros generally done by the people and we may solve them easily effectively and more efficiently . so we have advantage in both of the statement ! . so i like to solve the problem by saying that `` it would be good to have a knowledge on subject to all subject in young age say before graduation and have a knowledge on specific subject from the graduation which will sound good for all the answer '' .