when people think of successful people , they think of a person who is willing to try new thing and taking risk in life , a person who always jump out of the comfort zone where he or she is so used to . i completely agree with this statement . in the business realm , new oppotunies are always there but lie in the hidden , unknown and risky area . many people may see the oppotunity , but only successful one are willing to take the risk to explore it . nowadays everyone is talking about the double-digit ecnomic growth of china and i believe no one on earth can not see the oppotunities there . however , only a small handful of them could actually take the action to jump into this unkown territory and strike great success . when student graduate from college , they usually think of finding a job related to their major . rarely do we see student are willing to explore new domain or unknown area for more oppotunities . however , it is usually from these small group of student who are willing to experiment new thing where successful people emerge . take my personal experience a an example . when i graduated with a computer engineering degree , i did not go routinely to search for an it or engineering job , but instead , i jumped into a very new field called `` bioinformatics '' by spending another two year in graduate school for a master degree . it wa a daring move at that time because there wa virtually zero `` bioinformatics '' industry in the country i live in . however , two year later , i embraced the prosperous of the field . our society need all kind of people . sometimes we can not judge a person 's success by measuring how much money he or she earns . there are many great successful people out there doing notable work to our society , the poor people and the environment . many of them had their career , and had lived their life comfortably . but they did not choose to live on that way , but jumped out of the comfortable zone and did something more marvelous . in conclusion , with all the above discussion and example made in different domain , i totally agree with the statement that successful people are those who are willing to experimenting new thing and taking risk .