i think that we will see fewer car on the road in 20 year from now non . even though car broght u many convenience so far , together came many problem with car . they have been polluting the evironments ; are exhausting natural resource ; and are not safer mean of transportation than others . so government and company are developing other transportatin method . people will ahve to choose other mean of moving than car . first , environment have been polluted by car so badly that we have to take drastic measure to block more pollution before the situation get worse beyond our capability . the expert say that the main source of air pollution is the consumption of fossil fuel , most of which come from car . albeit car manufacturer ' effort to cut down the level of emission , there are limit in diminishing the emission . besides emitted gas , we are appalled at the noise from car in the metropolitan downtown like mahattan , new york . the only solution to be pursued should be fewer car on the road . second , car are called gas guzzler because they consume so much gasoline . we are dependent on imported petroleum to run our car . the world is running out of petroleum in the not-so-far future . we are at a critical time where we should curtail the use of car . there will be fewer car if the oil price skyrocket to the unbearable level . recently the price went over more than 70 u.s. dollar a barrel . third , comparatively speaking , car are not safer than other transportation , e.g. , bus , subway or train . we are seeing so many casualty , amputee and disadvantaged from car accident . big mass transportation a safer movement tool bewteen place will be preferred if we have more convenient mass transportation system . fourth , government and company are making various effort to alternative transportation . for example , some company are developing monorail , magnetic buyant train and high-speed electric train . monorails and the high-speed electric train are already in operation between seoul and busan , seoul and gwangju in kroea . finally , it will be inevitable to give up on car and turn to inexpensive , efficient vehicle in the future . every one 's wise choice will save the earth from dirty pollutant , free the country from dependency on imported oil , save many life from tragic accident and steer korean toward more livable place .