it is rather frequent for people to buy a good or service , but find out that what they buy is not actually what they see and like in the advertisement . this is because , most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . the main reason for this situation is the company that provide these good or service . sellers of product naturally always try their best to sell more , and thus increase their profit . in order to achieve this , advertisement are made use of a they are the most effective way to attract the attention of consumer and a a result increase the quantity sold . mostly , the product are showed rather differently from the real product in advertisement , a many property of the product are exagarated . the best example to this kind of advertisement are the product showed in the television and sold only by ordering using the telephone . the consumer do not actually have the chance to see , touch and investigate the product themselves . they can only decide to buy the product considering the property described on the television . nevertheless , frequently consumer become dissapointed upon seeing the thing they bought when it is delivered . this is because the real product is not a good and useful a it is described in the advertisement . the reason why i reached to the conclusion that advertisement make product seem better than they really are is my personal experience . one day , while i wa watching television with my mother , we saw an advertisement of a cream that help people to lose weight . they showed many woman that had used this product and were really satisfied with the result . therefore , although the price wa a bit high , we decided to order one and try a we both wanted to lose some weight . we started to use the cream regualry a soon a it wa delivered . however , obviously we did not really lose weight . on the contrary , the cream made my skin rather unpleasent . then , we both decided to be more careful in such thing again . in conclusion , owing to my personal experinece , i can definitely say that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . actually , a person can easily reach this conclusion with thinking the reason behind a well . as a result , people should be very careful in buying product and not trust to the advertisement completely .