one thing i have learned from both experience in reality and in academic training is that truth should be stated with qualification , so i would say that this statement is not a hundred percent true . successful people in my definition , at least do one thing better than others . and a the limitation of human life and energy in contrast with the immense diverse activity that might be of interest to you , i feel that successful people are more specialist than generalist . i would appreciate people with the courage and enthusiaism to try new thing and take risk a this would probably lead to discovery of new knowledge of world and of oneself . the first kind of fruit is most evident with various kind of invention and innovation . edison is an old but always appopriate example . the man is full of creativity and spent his life exploiting this talent , leaving u hundred of invention and shine up our life literally . the second part of the meaning of trying new thing is more subtle . this is actually in accordance with the delphic word : `` know thyself '' . i personally believe not many of u know what material we are at an early stage of life . much of our time and energy is spent in a trial and error pprocess which may last to different stage of our life depending on the difference of perseverance and energy and luck . we try new thing to see a new u and the experience is our treasure that we carry on . some people are quite lucky to know what they want at a relatively early age but this doe not mean they are unsuccessful , on contrast , their chance of success may be higher a they have more time to develop that aspect a we agree that it is not easy to really do something better than others . mozart and bethoven who i bet did not do major thing outside music and they do it from childhood . they demonstrate their expertise from very young and this is the only passion of their life . this is quite the same situation with other genius . they know how to write well , paint well or compose well and they do it all the time . they may try other thing a a diversion , but i guess what we label them successful rest on this main talent . so different people can succeed in different way . i would not think it very wise to identify characteristic and quality that a successful person must posse . a spirit of discovery and exploration would be helpful . as we generally do not know what we will do well , it is natrual that we have higher chance to discover it by trying new thing and taking risk . a higher probablity is stated on this assumption .