if student only needed to learn fact , then why come to school ? they should just be reading dictionary and encyclopedia all day . but that is not the case . we student , all go to school in order to obtain the knowledge and moreover , actually make it `` our own '' . if you only learned fact , then what you become after graduating is , a walking dictionary . we need to understand the idea and concept ; from there , we can be one more step intelligent . for example , what is math without understanding idea and concept ? you wo n't be able to solve problem just by knowing what the formula are . maybe you could answer one where you just plug in number to the formula , but anyone could do that . what could make you one more step intelligent is knowing `` how '' to apply those formula in certain problem . it is more important , or rather , necessary , to understand the idea and concept in math . also , learning idea and concept is one of the most efficient way in developing a creative mind . a student will not be creative if he/she only read dictionary all day , a they will only obtain fact . if student are not individually creative , then every student would n't be unique . how boring would that be ? that is why , teacher try to give u assignment in which we use our mind to analyze and understand specific idea of a topic . the teacher would assign student to write essay , report , guidebook , pamphlet , advertisement , poster and many others , in order to be really involved in the assigned topic . and that is how , we student really remember what we learned in class . by understanding idea and involving themselves in the learning system , student become creative . learning fact , is the way to support understanding idea and concept . it could not and should not exist alone . the two corresponding idea actually coexist to give the student the value in learning . understanding concept and idea is learning the `` how '' of thing , and valuing the fact you learned . and the main and basic goal of learning is to be able to make knowledge , your own . then , from there , we can be more than just a walking dictionary .