actually if we dont have idea and concept about anything then we can not understand that . but what is meant by idea ? the idea is that having general information about that topic and what is concept is that knowing about that area or particular task . in my opinion having to have idea and concept is better than learn the fact . because if we dont even have the idea about that topic then how can we have the concept and if we dont have that to then learning of fact is also waste and it is unnecessary time waste . for example if i dont have any idea about how to use computer and doe n't even know anything about it then if i start learning about it is waste and if i learn also i will not remember that fact for longer time . i can remember for shorter time but that doesnt really help me . i before learning any fact first of all i will get an idea about that topic and then i will try to have little concept about it and then learn fact so that it will be helpful for me . once i had a subject named daa and i dont even know that subject little bit also i have an idea but i dont have the concept . my professor to that subject wa really to bad , so when it the time for exam i had to study that subject , i really remember that wa a really tough time i had ever gone in my life . i just mugged up the whole subject and went to the exam . however i could clear the test but i did n't even remember any topic name also in that subject . but in some case learning fact is very important than to have the concept on that . i am basically an engineer so i will not have any idea or any concept about how the medicine will be prepared a science student have . so at that time i will just know about how that medicine is helpful to me to cure my particular disease instead of knowing about how that is made and stuff relating to that . at that time only fact is important to me. that whether my disease ha been cured or not that is important to me thats it . depending upon the situation the method of uderstanding or learning will change but having concept is really important .