it is my belief that in twenty year there will not be fewer car than there are today . i feel this way because car are too useful for u , in fact they support a lot of exigency , and i do not think that they will be easily sostituted . one reason i believe this is because , nowadays , public transport can not realize the need of people . moreover the ticket for using public transport are still expensive , and this fact doe not permit to use them all time . for example , last week-end i wa in forli , a small town near bolonia . my train arrived at 8 p.m. but i had to wait an hour for the bus that could bring me in the town 's centre . and the bus ticket i paid wa 13 euro ! that is a lot of money for a student like me . another reason i think that car will not decrease in the next twenty year , is because car are often considered a precious thing . in fact they not only give the possibility to move in short time but sometimes they are also precious good . for example , i can not avoid to use my car to go to the train station , because i would not have the possibility to go there in time . in fact the train station is at 40 minute on foot from my house , and i would never be in time for the train . in fact i can not get up at 6 o'clock in the morning for catch the train ! instead , one example about the fact that sometimes car are considered precious thing could be this one . two year ago my father bought a blue porsche carrera , and for him this wa the fullfillment of a dream . he really love it ! every sunday he drive it , and show it to the relative that have not seen it yet . for all these reason i don ' think that people who own this kind of car will replace them easily , because they are considered like jewel . finally , a this essay ha demonstrated , car are still too much important for u for being replaced , in fact even if oil 's price is higher and higher today , we can not think to sobstitute them with other mean , probably because other mean are not able to realize our need .