are most advertisement can make product more attrctive and better when they are advertised ? to some extent , i agree with the author 's general assertion that some advertisement do have some positive effect on consumer ' impression on product but only through advertising can not necessarily make product seem much better . however , the author unnecessarily extends this broad assertion to an irreversible extreme while overlook some essential factor . on balance , my point of contention involve the fundamental and deep analysis a discussed below . on the one hand , i would like to admit that the author 's statement , although suffers from some obivous drawback , ha some merit primarily in some special case in which the implicit rationale behind it accord with common sense and our experience in daily life . hence , it is partially correct . in the first place , i want to point out that advertisement can have positive effect on consumer ' recognition of certain product . since client tend to accept the fact that only firm producing superior product will advertise their product because only those firm can make end meet or even profit greatly through advertising . it is true that marketing a product through advertising mean investing a lot of money and a firm can not know in advance whether these advertisement will be useful to the success of a product . hence , advertising is a high-risk investment and only big firm are appealed to advertise their product . for instance , microsoft co. or coca cola co. often advertise their new product through all type of medium . this phenomenon make consumer think that advertised product are good in quality , however , which is often not the case . further more , advertisement tend to overstate the quality of a product . some word used in advertisement will elaborate the attractiveness of a product and will be unwillingly to admit the defect of a product . consequently , consumer who watch advertisement will aptly think that the product described in the advertisement is very good in quality although in reality this product is not so good . on the other hand , recognizing that a more applicable should incorporate different aspect of the issue a sufficient a possible , i have to point out that the author overlook some compelling factor that may affect this issue . in short , this statement is problematic in some way . for example , some product do have the same quality a presented in advertisement . in conclusion , issue of whether advertisement make product seem much more superior than they really are is a complex one , requiring subjective judgment . consequently , there are no easy or certain answer . so different are the personal experience and emotional concern among people with diverse culture that thousand individual might hold thousand opinion . according to me , some advertisement do have some positive effect on consumer ' impression on product therefore can make these product more attractive .