advertisements exploit people 's curiosity and desire and beguiles customer into spending money on worthless object . many advertisement contain untrustworthy information that appear appealing to customer . advertisements often make thing that `` you have always wanted and need . '' by doing so , costumer are victim of these pleasing mask . advertisements always make diet machine seem to be the panacea of all stubborn fat and even social problem . `` lost 10kg in a month '' repeatly appears on television . this repeation incalcates the customer ' s mind and made them into believing that this diet machine is the best . many diet machine advertisement also stress that their machine will work even the user doe not cut down food input and that no other exercising is required . however , there is not such a `` well-rounded '' machine that would make the user loss weight while he or she is consumming thousand of calorie . therefore , they is no way such a diet machine is a good a it is presented in the advertisement . advertisement on tea stress that tea is the panacea to all disease . it cure high blood pressure , headache , depression , and even cancer . any educated person know that there is no way that tea can cure cancer . however , advertisement grasp people 's desire to living a long a possible and exploit this desire to increase their own profit . although many people are aware that tea ha no direct influence on cancer , they would still like to buy such tea just because they doubt about their own knowledge and that it is better believe that advertisement than their own knowledge . therefore , advertisement benefit by controling the psychological effect on people . if everything is a good a it appears on advertisement , we would have lived in a perfect world without any suffering or death since every thing seems to be the panacea to suffering or death . it is left to people 's own judgement to be decieved or not to be decieved by advertisement and by their own doubt .