i disagree with the statement . lets guess what can be the possible reason or factor which can lead to fewer car in future . one reason may be that fossil fuel would be exhausted . then there would be no way to run the car , which may lead to decrease in their number . but scientist have estimated that there is enough fossil fuel for the next fifty year . so my guess is that car number may go down but certainly not in the next twenty year . one may argue the due to unforeseen reason the cost of fuel go up . even if that is the case , i hold to my claim that the number of car running on the road will not decrease . because cost of everthing is related to the cost of petroleum fuel , directly or indirectly . on the whole the relative cost of the fuel will remain the same . there would be no reason to abandon your car . yes , there is a possibility that new transport vehicle come into the picture in the coming year . but it would be expensive . all product in testing phase are expensive . the new product can not reach to mass production stage in just twenty year . how many year do you think invention like aeroplane , television , even the electric bulb took to come to a situation where they were mass produce . you have to build the entire architecture for that new product , which may take more time than the development of the product . like to operate a electric bulb you need a fully functional electric network ! people are not going to dump their car for a new product . this is especially true for the people in underdeveloped and developing people , where they do n't throw away even non functional thing ! and these people constitute a majority when the whole world is considered . also there is a reliability issue . the car after serving decade are quite reliable . you have choice . there are motor car . there are flashy royal car like mercedes . you have entire car sport based on them . people are not going to abondon them in such a short time . though vehicle have replaced the use of animal like horse for transportation but there are still horse race . the number of horse ha not come down . one may claim that people might become so serious about the pollution so they may stop using car . they are not going to be serious unless it threatens their life . and if the number of car doe not multiply beyond our imagination , there will not be a situation where car pollution would hurt u that much . the situation , i guess , will remain the pretty same . it is possible that the world come to an end . or the whole world would be submerged in water . thats a different issue . assuming that life go on a it is now and no such abnormal activity happens , i see no reason why the number of car being used will come down .