`` the idea and concept tends to create an intellectual '' this proverb helds equally good when we talk about learing process involving proper understanding and concept . it is not only , hold good for the student alone , but also hold good for each and every individual who are in the process of learing . though since the student are building block of the future generation , more emphasis should be given to them . besides , learing fact contributes very little in actual learning process . the very first point why the student should learn by understanding idea and concept is that because once the student understand the concept , he/she can easily apply the concept in any field to solve the probem . no matter how difficult the problem is . for instance , in the regular class of math and physic , where the subject is occupy with full of formula and fact , it is very difficult to memorise all the formula and fact stated in the book . but if student understands the idea and concept then he can probably derive many formula by a single standard formula , then , in this case he / she doe not need to remmember all difficult formula which will be very exhaustive and time consuming . moreover , if the student only try to know the fact then there is a possibility that their knowledge will be narrow . what i meen is that when the problem come which he/she is not aware then it will be very difficult for them to solve the problem because they only know the use of fact in one particular place . whereas , if the student ha understood the concept and idea then he / she can solve any of the problem by virtue of the underlying concept involved in that problem . on the other hand , learing fact also contributes in learing process upto certain extant . for example , in chemistry , until and unless student learn the periodic table , it will be very difficult for them to understand the rest of the inorganic chemistry , hence , in this case it is imperative for student to learn the fact also . to sum up , in majority of the field , learning idea and concept are more beneficial because it give the solution of a problem all the time . nevertheless , fact are important in fewer condition when compared to learing concept . but in general for the good knowledge and proper understanding combination of both would be better choice .