supposedly , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . the truth is that both having a broad knowledge about a cornocopia of subject and specializing in one subject are very important factor to being successful in whatever a person doe in his life . having a broad knowledge of many academic subject will help you along in the future . it will help to develop yourself a a person like it will also create many interesting conversation in life . for example , if a student is spacializing in art when he is asked a question about modern tecniques , it will be important for that student to know about historical event , not only in the art world but also what wa going on in the country he or she is speaking of . it will be vital for that student to understand the politics of that time , the hardship of the people , and many other contributing factor that are involved in the development of the tecnique in question . another example to why knowing about different subject is important is to make yourself more educated and impress people when you speak because they get an image of you a a person that is not ignorant . specializing in one subject is also a vital factor in life because it is easyer to find a job when one ha speciallized in one subject . people still need specialist to work on their equipment and to run their company . for example , if your computer break down you will not ask someone who know about computer but doesnt know how to fix it to reppair it for you , you will ask a specialist , someone that know alot about computer because that is his strong point and he can fix it for you . but nothing sais that you cant be a specialist and have a broad knowledge about many academic subject . in conclusion , both factor ( having a broad knowledge about many subject or specializing in one subject ) are vital to having success in life . both will help you mature and decrease your ignorance level and both will increase your wisdom and your educational level .