i agree with this statement `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' because when the people stop at one sucess than how the new invention must be happen or invented in this world , when it happens than the world stop where it is now . in our history it is mentioned we are monkey in the past time now we are working on the laptop and lot of facility we have because we want to do something new . successful people have capability to take a risk because when the people is not successful he always fear of getting again the face of unsucess . so this implies that the people who are success always taking a risk rather than only doing what they already did . when it happens than our world is now micro world and now we research for nano , why we do this ? to take some risk and invent new . to do anything new it take time , it take risk but obviously when you labour hard and do the work you always have some positive result one day . one the enterpreneur stop taking risk while becoming the successful person , thenone he will not be successful because his business become dump because there is no different . always people want to do something different . people need something different , they were getting bore from doing same thing , to do something different they need to take risk . suitable example for this is relince company in india . the first enterpreneur of the reliance company is dhirubhai ambani . when he is not risk than he is not on the top most company . to make himself on the top of the success we always need to take risk . dhirubhai ambani start his business from cloth market now his company starting a real estate business , mobile business and lot of other business allover . this is the great example to satisfy the statement . when the successful dont try to do new thing and take a risk they dont go up on the stair of success they still on the same step and other who eagerly try to do the new thing go up and up on the stair of success and the person on the same step when see up he feel he is not on the stair of success he is so much down . so all these example given above satisfies the statement `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .