i agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept is more important then to learn fact . this is because it help the student to understand the material better . also , it build up the ability for the student to think . in addition , it increase the ability for the student to raise their own opinion . firstly , it is more important for student to understand the idea and concept because it help the student to understand the material better . for example math is the subject that doe not involve much concept . one ha to accept the fact and apply it to other mathematical equation . although the teacher teach individual the proof of the math theory , it doe n't help much to understand the concept of it . one ha to accept the fact and practice that fact so that it becomes easier to apply it to the equation . therefore it is harder to understand the material . on the other hand in biology class learn the fact and do several lab experiment to understand the idea and the concept . in biology class it is easier to understand the material since it show the procedure of where and how the fact relate to the fact . it is important for the student to understand the idea and concept because it help one to understand the material better . secondly , it is important for the student to understand the idea and concept because it help the student to build up the ability for the student to think . for example english class , i simply memorise the answer to the question , therefore i do not get to think how it is the answer to the question . my thought on that material is limited . on the other hand in psychology class it show the procedure and concept of a particular study , i get to think how much the result of the study is valid and if there is an ethical consideration for it . by understanding the concept and idea it help the student to build up on their ability to think . thirdly , it is important for the student to understand the idea and concept because it increase the ability for the student to raise their own opinion . for example simply memorizing the fact doe not help much for one to raise their own opinion , since one doe not know the concept or the idea how the specific material became a fact . when one understands the concept and the idea of an specific material , the individual would have their own thought about the specific material , since we are not a robot and have own opinion . therefore the student will not hesitate of addressing their own opinion because they can back their opinion with various reason since they understand the idea and concept . as a conclusion , i think it is important for the student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact because it help the student to understand the material better . also , it build up the ability for the student to think . moreover , it increase the ability for the student to raise their own opinion .