successful people try new thing i agree that suceesfull people try new thing and take risk . how do you think all the people you see in newspaper , magazine , television , because of their achievement get there ? there are three main reason why : first because they try new thing , second because they never give up , and third they have a positive attitude . the first one is `` they try new thing '' . as the statement say people with success try new thing . if you are a person that doe n't try to take risk because maybe it wo n't work , you 're never gonna triumph . you will be a person that will end up working for someone , probably in a company that ha a lot of success , when you can be your own bos by trying new thing . instead of going out and find new possibility to improve your life . the second one is `` they never give up '' . of course everybody know that for you to get to a goal you need to be constant . you will fall , and not one time but several time , but thanks to those mistake you will learn and you 'll make sure not to do them again . but you need to stand up again and keep going , because if you do n't , you will never get to your final goal . it 's like when you start walking you fall a lot of time , but at the end you end up learning , and walking . finally , is the `` they have a positive attitude '' . this is a very important one . through out you life you will have to talk with other people . to make bussiness with them , to make friend , to ask someone to be your girlfriend or boyfriend , to get something you want , etc . .. communication is a very escencial thing in life , and each time you communicate people notice your attitude . so if you 're a negative person that 's always stressed out or with an angry face , peaople will not want to hear , make bussiness , or be with you . but if instead you are positive , and you 're nice and treat people well , you will succeed in life . and even though you do n't believe everything is based in the way you think . in conclusion i would like to say that if we all try new thing in life we will be succesful person . do n't go around life being afraid of trying new thing , good thing . because you will be privatizing yourself of many thing and that can help you be a better person . and a i said , everything is based in the way you think , and in the way you comfront each of your problem that life brings you , and if you open your mind to new possibility you will have a lot of success in your life .