i disagree with the given statement `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' . although one may arrive to this conclusion by observing a particular group or kind of people . however , one should remember these group do not represent the whole of today young generation . i disagree with the idea because i myself have seen many instance of community work done by school and college student . many social work organization accross the country constitutes of very young people . for example in almost all institute of excellence in higher study through out the country ( india ) , they have a credit course on social and community service namely ( national social services ) . in this course student try and help their community by doing various social work in their free time . for example teaching english to village child , educating villager about certain disease and hygine condition , etc . also , since this statement seems to be a realtive one . like comparing today younger generation with that of past . i dont think scenario ha changed a lot with time , i mean youth today are aware of their responsibility and duty towards the community a much a their ancestor . we can find all kind of people at any given time period , moreover , there are no conclusive evidence that section of youth working for the community have increased or reduced with time . according to me nowadays the young crowd is more informed about it duty and responsibility . it is quite evident from the fact that competition is increasing in every area . more and more people want to become something be it doctor , engineer or scientist , they all are willing to serve the community in one way or another . the above example may be a bit confusing a , how these academic advance can be related to helping the community . but , in my view , a student studying engineering or medicine is surely serving the community , by providing it with doctor and engineer for the future . to summarize , i disagree with the given statement due to lack of any given statistic and my own personal experience . infact , according to my point of view the young people nowadays are more aware and responsible towards their community .