i totally agree with this statement . it 's an interesting question because there are a huge number of different opinion about this subject , it 's an actual debate between young and old people . i think that young people enjoy life more than old people because of three reason . first , the most important thing is that young people are in a better health than old people . thus , they are able to do a lot of activity , in a lot of domaines . they can for example do extreme and risky sport like motobikering , snowboard in mountain or jumping from a plane ! in addition they can go for long trip , specially to do bivouac or others type of trip wich demand to be in a good physical condition . it 's a big inconvenient for old people because they do n't have the same capacity . the second reason is that young people demonstrate more interest to some aspect of life , specially the different way to have fun . young people are always looking for a way to enjoy all what they do like activity , sport or simply study . they have also the chance to have a lot of time in front of them , i mean the future . so they can make project for their life about all the aspect of a life . they can do study and change definitely to do other type of study . it 's more difficult for older people because they do n't have the chance to could change the orientation and the type of their life because they have a lot of engagement an responsabilities . finally , young people enjoy life more because they have the oportunity to discover the world for the first time , by doing mistake for example . consequently they can enjoy a lot of experience by studying , traveling in different way and specially meet people around the world . this example is significative specially in affective relation ship because they are not yet engaged in a mariage , so they can enjoy their time with a lot of different relationship to discover the right person they want to be with . to summarize , young people enjoy life more than old people because they have all the time to live new experience and feel new sent