enjoying your life is very crucial because you only have one opertunity . some say that they enjoyed life more when they were young and did not have any worry . others say that only in age could they realize what they really wanted and could enjoy their life to a full extent . i do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older one . to explain my view i will give an exaple of an unhappy young person , who wa not able to enjoy her life and then i will give an example of an older one who did . a friend of mine who finished school together with me wa just a clueless a i wa when deciding about what we wanted to study . we both decided to take a year off . this year wa supposed to give u the oppertunity to discover more about ourselves and realize what we wanted to do . i took this seriously and pushed myself to make a lot of new experience , which have now helped me to decide about my future . she wanted to enjoy her life . she partied and drank a much a she could because she thought that this would be the right way of satisfing herself . however , she wa wrong . she now realized that that wa not what she needed . she had not been mature enough to see what she really required to make her happy and to enjoy herself . in this case more maturity would have been of great benefit . one the contrary to this in the last couple of week i had gotten to know many old people who did know how to enjoy themselves . i started to work in a nursing home for older people . there more than anywhere else i have aquainted people who are in really bad situation but still know through their lifelong experience how they can enjoy themselves . one specific example would be a 87 year pld woman who had a stroke and consequently had to lie in bed the whole time . most young people in this situation would be terribly unhappy . she life with her fate and any time you enter her room she smile at you . it is easy to watch how small thing can make her enjoy herself imensly . the two example that i have made show that enjoying yourself ha nothing to do with being younger . i do admit that not all old be know how to still enjoy their life . however , they are ofthen in a far worse situation than any young person is . in general i think that the more experience you make the more you learn about yourself . this brings on a process of maturing , which show you what is important to you and how you can enjoy yourself .