we have all different life and different way on living it and different expactations , goal and dream . but how doe a person enjoy life better than another ? how could the enjoyment of life be mesured ? do young people enjoy life better than older one ? it all depends on the way we look at life and on the definition we give to the word ` enjoy ' . but it is also a matter of culture , for some culture praise the older over the younger people of their society and the other way around . if enjoying life mean doing everything possible to feal alive we can say younger people enjoy life better . younger people party , stay up late , travel , do not make plan for the future , study and are in constant discovery of the world . in one word the are living under the '' carpe diem '' philosophy . live every day to the fullest state these latin word and young people are the symbol of this ancient wisdom . young people are counted for disturbing the law and the rule of society and for imagining other possible way of living . the disorganized , irresponsable , spontanious and crazy way young people pursute their life state they enjoy it better than older people if we take the word ` enjoy ' a doing everything to feel alive . nonetheless , if we take a different meaning to the word ` enjoy ' and define it a doing everything to stay alive and to tresure life we can say it is the older people that enjoy life better and i would have to disagree with the statement . older people are wiser and they have lived longer . they have lived all the nonesense of youth and are like a walking library . in fact , in some tribe in africa when an elderly person dy he or she is morned longer than if a younger person died because he or she wa considered a a key part of the tribe a a part of the tribe 's wisdom and knowledge that ha sleeped away forever . older people enjoy life better because they cherish life more and because they are wiser than young people , they know where they are from and where are they headed to , they value life and do everything to treasure and preserve it . to enjoy life is a much a personal thing a to be fond of chocolate or not . young people a well a older people enjoy life in one way or another and in my opinion the ` enjoyment ' of life can not be mesured and most importantly can not be compared . so i do not know if young people enjoy life better than older people the only thing i know and i hope for is that everybody enjoys life a much a they can while they still can .