a striking feature of the modern world is the explosive growth of information . we witness a surfeit of information for a wide spectrum of topic . these topic are disparate and miscellaneous in nature . such a scenario offer ample scope for super specialization in any field . because of the vast amont of information that exists in every topic , specialist who are the master of that one topic are in great demand . let me explain that statement by drawing an analaogy with a software company . the massive demand for specialized engineer in the company can justify the statement that super specialist are in great demand . however , i believe that having a broad knowledge of many academic field would still be a more favourable proposition than specialising in any one field . let me justify this belief . consider an investor who must invest his capital in a company . having a broad overview of many issue would enable him to invest wisely . on the other hand , a specialist would be bound by his limitation of knowledge in only domain . also , let u consider that software company which wa previously discussed . sure , it employ specialised engineer but the employee may actually be a manager who ha a broad understandingof various facet of his company and not a deep knowledge of any one . and yet , his post is superior to that of the hired engineer . also , anyone who is equipped with knowledge of a variety of field ha the potential to try his hand elsewhere if any one venture doe not work out for him . that give him the versatility to explore several field . the specialist may not have that option . today , we see several top company being led and managed by individual who may not be specialised in any one field . this is because these individual with their broader perspective offer a multi-dimensional approach which is very helpful for any company 's growth . the final decision depends on every individual 's personal viewpoint . he might derive greater pleasure from complete mastery of any one subject and may prefer being an unchallenged authority on the same . i , however , see myself a the manager who ultimately deploys task to these specialised engineer . to me , the manager 's job which involves being involved with sveral aspect and taking an integrated approach towards decision-making seems more exciting . that parallel explains why i believe having a broad knowledge of several domain is better than specialising in any one domain .