it is said that the only thing which doe not change , is the change itself . with the passage of time everybody ha to change . change is consider to be natural phenomonen . for example , a new born baby is changed to a boy , then into an adult and finally into a old man . therefore , i agree that `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' . it can be observed that the organisation which did not change with the changing time got out of the business in no time . take the example of the pager compnies . they did not anticipated the change in technology and had to perish . it is important to do what you really know how to do well , but it should be taken care off wether or not that particular thing hold relevence to you or your organisation anymore . one of the example here can be of ibm , which recently sold off it computer division to lenovo , a chinese company , because it realisede that it main area of concern is the business solution . the acceptence of this change can be gauged from the fact that in the year 2006 , the merger and aquisitions to diversify the business and to explore new are were to the tune of 4 trillion us dollers worldwide . one of the main reason why people are afraid of trying new thing is the fear of failure , but that fear should be put behind if a person or a company want to grow . one of the indian example to me mind relating this is of bajaj automobile limited . ( a two weeler manufacturing company in india ) . bajaj wa known for his scooter for quiet a long time . my father used to tell me that there were hage queue of the customer to buy a bajaj scooter . but latley bajaj realised that mobikes is the new buzz word of the indian market and imideately directed it focus to manufacture motercycles and launched pulsar , which is a huge success in the indian market . finally i would like to conclude by saying that it is hard to change because there is a lot of risk attached to it but it is