i disagree with the idea that in about 20 year time frame there will be fewer car in use that there are today . the reason for my disagreement follow . firstly , the population , a always , is on a high rise and will continue to do so . hence , there will be more people travelling on the same and limited space on earth . further , the birth rate and life expectancy of the people ha been increasing , with the help of medical advancement that are made everyday , and hence , there will be more number of people who will be in a position to either drive the car by themselves or at least travel in the car . hence , there will be a definite need of more car a there will be more people for using the car . secondly , advancement in the machinery of the car and various part of the car are being made every passing day . such advencements are also directed towards cutting down the cost of the car . if the cost of the car is reduced to great level , more people will be able to afford a seperate car for themselves . thirdly , the world is growing global with every passing day and each member in most of the family ha seperate goal and different daily routine . in order to achieve their goal and lead their different daily routine , each member in the family may need a seperate car . hence , the idea that the number of car will be reducing in future is not a realistic one . although , i agree that with the increment in the number of car , more fuel will be needed and we have limited source of energy and resource of fuel . but with the researcher making continuous effort for creating and finding new source of energy , it is not far that we will stop using conventional source of energy and will have newer source of energy . for example , it is not far that we will be able to utilize the solar energy for driving our car , in fact , many of the car that run on solar power are already in the market . for all the reason listed above , i disagree with the idea that there will be fewer car in use after 20 year that there are today .