i definately agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . i have to admit that i am not the type of person that watch a lot of television and i am also not paying too much attention to advertisement i see on newspaper or magazine . however , it happened a few time in my life that i trusted in what i saw on tv , but i do not want to mention all the disappointing moment i had , trusting too much what i have seen on the advertisement . so let u try to imagine what is in the `` company 's mind '' . since it is the aim of an advertisement to make it look great and to make it seem like you , the customer , really need it , the company ha to do everything in order to make you believe that the product is great . the consequence is that marketing play with picture , sound , word , and emotion so that the customer get appealed to the product . if this mathes with reality or not doe not matter at all . even the last `` finish '' on the computer make the product look a thousend time better than in real life . what matter is that the product sell - and that 's why it ha to look great . in order to sell the product the company ha to make up an image that really make you think that there is no better product available on the market . - that 's why we think we have to spend money in detergent that make clothes whiter than white or in tooth paste that make teeth cleaner that clean . sometimes you sit there and wonder how it can be possible that you are fooled that way . looking at the fact , it is widely known that company spent thousand of dollar in market research for the purpose of finding out how the breaking of a cookie ha to sound in order to be sold or what color the tomato on the big-mc-advertisement ha to have so that it look appealing to the buyer . maybe it help u , a the consument , to view advertisement a a plain product information , just to find out what is there on the market and not rely too much on the opinion , the value , the image it is trying to come across . then we do not have to worry whether the product is better or not , but just make up our mind on our own . it is obvious that reality is not a colorful , tasty , clean , white - whatever you want to take a an example - a the advertisents make you think in the first place . however , if you a the customer keep that in mind you do not get too disappointed and still can enjoy your big-mc .