i agree with the statement , a the the most important thing for a student is to understand idea and concept in order to develop critical thinking and good judgement . first , only by understanding idea and concept student can use what they have learned in school and apply it to real life situation . by understanding concept and idea , a student can develop the so called `` critical thinking '' that is the capacity to judge a fact or an idea with maturity and good judgement . without critical thinking , prople woul n't be able toassess everyday life situation maturely and make the right decision . for instance , how good a lawyer would be if he could recall all the regulation in a certain area of law but could n't interpret the regulation itself ? he would certainly master the fact but he would n't understand the concept . i am sure most lawyer would agree with me that in law , more often than no , knowing how to interpret a law is more valuable than knowing the written reguataion . second , by learning and memorizing fact , student only develop skill that are not a necessary for business or other profession . for instance , there is not much value in memorizing hundred of page of a marketing concept if a student is not going to apply that specific knowledge in a financial analyst profession . much batter would be , if the student understand and master marketing idea and concept that can be applied to his profession a well . the same applies for other subject such a math . if a student know only memorizes formula but ca n't apply those , his knowledge of math will be probably usless . third , when student learn and memorize fact they do it only for the purpose of taking a test and not for the purpose of learning something . the result that most of what the student learn will be lost few week later . this is clearly an ineffective way of using the student time a memorizing requires a lot of time and energy that could be used to understand more idea and concept . to sum up , i believe student should focus on learning concept and general idea instead of wating time memorizing fact .