i cannont agree with the given statement that there would be lesser number of car , twenty year down the line . infact according to my insight the number of car in use would increase considerably in the course of the naxt two decade . the possible arguements that i put forth would give the reason a to why i think so . firstly , talking about the economic choice that we make nowadays indicate that we spend a huge chunk of what we earn on the mordern gadget which obviously make our life more easier . and talking about a car . . well that ha become one obvious neccesity . member who are from the same family would prefer a personal car than one being shared among many . even student who tarvel far prefer thaown car . and why not , it increase convinience . second factor is that it much easier to buy a car now than in the past . the varoius loan available from bank , facility of paying in installment with small interest rate save people from investing a lumpsum amount of money all at once . people with smaller pay scale can afford to buy car . this indicates that there could be an increase in the number car than the predicted decline . the facrors that could lead to the decline dont seem like a big hurdle to me in the near future . talking about the hiking price of petroleum which make one think about the burden on expenditure by owning a car . well that is hardly a concern to worry about because it can be dealt with prioritising the list of your expenditure . running a personal car is more important to the present generation than perhaps spending on say . . subscribing a costly book or buying a painting or even hanging out at expensive place with friend . the advantage that owing a vehicle offer outweighs the cost of petrol . the next possible concern which come come into the picture is that of environmental pollution that the fuel could cause. a major concern to all the environmentalist of the world . well to see the broader picture no government law could prohibit people from buying a car !! it a personal choice after all and how many of u actually think about this aspect , there are many other issue that the environmentalist could deal with-like defforestations , emmisions from factory contructions , nuclear war . . the list could go on . and moreover the discovery of biofuels , solar powered car , natural gas which are le hazardous option are now a real possibility . this could perhaps lead to the manufacture of more car , cheaper rate that would only lead to the number of car increasing on the street . the increase in number of car could also lead to heavy traffic jam , congestion , but do we actually mind getting stuck in a traffic jam for maybe a minute more ? with the building of broader road , highway , flyover , multilaned road would offer a solution . thus it could be concluded , that by measuring all the issue concerned with the increase in the number of car , there seems to be a more likely possibilty of increase in their number .