yes , i agree with this statement . many company make advertisement that make product seem much better than than they really are . the company make anything in order to sell their product eventhough they know that they are selling something that is not true . many costumer believe everything they see and buy the product if they see that the information that the company is giving them about the product make it seem good . because of the people that buy thing when they see them in the advertisement company think that it is a smart way to sell and will continue using it until someone put a stop to it . an example from everyday life is when you want your parent to give you permition to do something you know is not right , in this case you tell your mom all thegood thing about it and leave out all the bad thing that it ha and could have . everyday , people say the thing that favor them in order to obtain what they want or in order to sell they product . the big company that have taken out the smaller company of the city convince people really easily of their product just by placing their product a if it where better that the others and the people will go directly to the larger company that lie about the quality of their product . when a company tell you that it is guranteed for life they have though really well what are the possibility that it ha for a person to claim that gurantee . when a company gurantees a product for life , it is a way to persuade people into buying it because it make it look like it is the best product of all and they are so sure of it that they gurantee it for life so you will buy it . the advertisement are a way to sell your product quicker and easier . every company know what they can put in their advertisement in order to make them seem better than they really are without the possibility of being later blamed by the costumer that the product are n't really how they told them . every advertisement ha little letter written below in order to justify what they write in big letter .