older people always say that young people are always busy with making money and doing their job , which prevent the young people to enjoy their life . i admit that older people , especially those people who retire , have much more time to enjoy their life . however , since the young people are healthier than the older man , there is no limitation to young people 's activity . furthermore , young people have much more entertainment than the old one and young people can more easily communicate with others and chat with others . therefore , i think young people can enjoy the life better . first , young people is healthier than the older one . it mean that young people can travel to any place which interest them . for example , they can climb to the top of famous mountain , sail into the ocean and walking into the middle of rain forest . moreover , they can also play basketball and football with each other while older people will get very tired in the competitaion game . therefore , young people can enjoy life more than old one becuase they are healthier than the older one . second , young people have much more entertainment than those of the older one . young people can go to bar and restaurant after work . they chat with friend and enjoy the delicious food such a chinese food and mexigan food in the restaurant while older one will prefer to stay at home and being alone . furthermore , the young people can have dating with their girl/boy friend . they watch movie , listen to the performance in the concert and go to see the beautiful landscape together . young people can even have fun by playing the same mmo game such a world of warcraft . they form guild in the game and they meet in the game and play game together . thus , young people can enjoy their life more than older one becuase they have much more entertainment . third , young people enjoy communicating with each other in the internet . many young people enjoy chatting with their friend with msn or other software . they can tell joke to their friend when they are working in the office . those joke can make their office hour more interesting . furthermore , even when two young people are far in distance , they can easily talk with each other . they just need to have a computer and they can put on the microphone and use the network service to talk . those example show that young people enjoy their life better than the old one by talking with others more easily . in conclusion , though older people have much leisure time than the young one , they are so confined by their health and their life style which limit them to have more entertainment and communicate frequently with others . thus , young people are beneficial from their healthy , their various entertainment and their communication with others . as a result , young people can enjoy life more than older one .