i agree that most advertisement make product seem much better than they are . but i am not upset by this since the first goal of an advertisement is to make people like and buy the product . in my opinion , the real problem is that alot of people believe that some of these advertisement tell the truth and that is why we should provide some clear and objective information about the product in other to keep the consumer informed . it would be really hypocritical to say that advertisement doe not li . since it goal is to make the consumer purchase a product then it is logical to only tell the advantage of the product and not their drawback . for example imagine an advertisement that show a car . if it say ` this car generates a lot pollution and us a lot of oil ' , nobody will buy the car . but if it say ` this car if one of the fastest one and is extremely confortable ' , then a lot of men who like speed will buy it . that why it may be logical to make a product look a good a you can if you want to sell it . nevertheless the problem is that consummers have to be aware that advertisement do not always tell the truth . the key point is that they do n't provide a part of the information . that is why i think that it should exist some independent company which goal is to compare the product and provide some objective information about them . for example we could imagine a study that compare all car with the same criterion and would say about the car of my first paragraph : ` ok , this car go fast and is very confortable but it is not ecolocical at all and you will moreover need a lot of gas which is expensive ! ' . thus , the men who like speed but are concerned with ecology would maybe buy an other one . as a conclusion , i think that advertisement will always make product seem much better than they really are . in my opinion , the real problem is that consummers should be aware of the real caracteristics of each product and that is why the role of independant organisation that keep the consummers informed are very important .