nowadays widespred discussion exists a to whether student should focus on a specific subject during their study or rather try to gain knowledge in many field of academic interest . i have given this question some thought myself a i started out attending an interdisciplinary course at university and then decided to refer to a course solely about economics . on the one hand , dividing your attention in between lot of different subject , you do not run the danger of becoming a narrow-minded academic completely endorsed in their own field of study a you interact with many different point of view and opinion . some of the brightest researcher you meet might not be the nicest company a they are not open to other people ' point of view . secondly , focusing on one single topic you might miss out on a lot of interesting thing you could learn in other field . as an environmental engineer you might also be interested in art , just a an artist might want to know how a power station work . thirdly , if you have chosen one subject you want to concentrate all your study on , it may be hard for you to change direction and you may end up having to stick to a subject for the rest of your life . especially in the fast-paced world of today it is essential to stay flexible and a knowledge of many academic subject certainly help to do so . on the other hand , it can become quite exhausting trying to accumulate knowledge about a wide range of topic at the same time . i found it very hard trying to remember all the paragraph during my law class and , half an hour later , having to recall the most important date in german history . whereas if you stick to one subject , the amount of work will be le overwhelming . furthermore , by devoting your time to one specific subject you will be able to study it in depth and gain distinctive knowledge that will be more valuable than just a broad overview you get if you study that subject besides many others . this valuable knowledge , that put you apart from other student , will be what company look for if they are trying to hire people for important job and , what is more important than improving job prospect in a world like today where well-paid and highly regarded job are scarce ? to conclude , i think it is better to speicalize in one specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic subject , because , although there are a number of advantage in accumulating broad knowledge of many subject , the gain from focusing your study on one topic clearly outweigh these .