the issue of traveling with a tour guide is a controversial one . some people find it to be beneficial , and more informative while others think that traveling on their own is more challenging . i , however believe that traveling with a group guide is better . the reason for my belief are the following : first , traveling with a tour guide is more informative , since the guide ha all the information about the place , and should be able to answer any question . he ha also visited the place many time , and know all the interesting place to be seen . i think that a person traveling with a tour guide will gain much more inforamtion and knowledge about a country 's culture , than if he wa to travel by himself . i have travelled with a tour guide once to turkey , and although it wa a tiring trip because the schedule wa full , i got to know most of the turkish culture . one of the thing i wo n't forget , is when we visited a play about the old traditional turkish wedding . it wa a very interesting thing to see . second , the tour guide usually ha a schedule for his group . in this schedule the group get to see the most important , famous , and interesting place in the country being visited , probably a person visiting the country on his own would not have been aware of , or could not have planned such a schedule . i find the time schedule to be my ultimate reason to choose a tour guide . another reason , is the financial reason , usually tour guide have special deal with hotel or resturants since they bring them customer . third , i believe that traveling with a tour guide who know the country , and traveling with a group of people is much safer than traveling alone . when visiting a new place , a person doe not know the safe place , or what time is a good time to walk in a certain neighborhood . these detail , which are of great importance , are taken care of by the tour guide . for all of the reason , i mentioned above i believe that it is a much safer , and more interesting experience to travel with a tour guide , if of course traveling to a country for the first time .