the youngster have always been watched upon . their activity and nature have always been watched and analysed . same is the case nowadays . i do support the topic these day it ha been analysed young people do not give enough time in helping there community . there are several reason for such a behaviour . firstly , these day the youngster are more busy in their routine work a compared to that in prior day . let u take the example of school . the course curriculum is becoming more vast and harder day by day . to cover all this and to attain good score student are forced to devote extra time in their study that earlier could be used in helping community . as a personal example , my younger sister who is 5 year younger to me , studied java in 9th standard which i studied in 12th standard . thus a ninth standard student wa suppose to do something which wa earlier fit for 12th satndard student . so a student had to give extra time to learn something earlier considered of higher standard . secondly , with the passage of time interest of youngster have changed . it is a clean observation that earlier youngster were interested in helping and social work . on contrary , younsters today are more fun-loving . they pay weightage to moving out with friend , enjoying etc. rather than helping others . as an example , my grandfather wa a social worker a well a a student when he wa 18 , while at the same age i am just a student . this is also an cosequence of first point . as youngster have le time to enjoy , they use it to it full extent . finally , the youngster are reluctant to help a community due to the following reason . as the man ha developed since past , it ha become more selfish . a very violent example is of the war that we see all through time . this selfishness ha been embeeded in man since age and can be said to passed on genetically . so youngster today are more selfish and therefore prefer to help themselves rather than others . that is the reason why a social worker outshines in this world where selfish people are widespread . thus it can be clearly proved on the basis of point mentioned above that youngster do not to give enough time to helping community .