do young people enjoy life more than older people ? this is a difficult question to answer for anyone , since you lack experience about this when you are young , and often forget how it wa before when you are old . still , i will try to give my point of view on the subject . young people have a lot of reason to enjoy life . they are young , healthy , active and their life is still before them . most of the time young people have objective , and they are planning their life to fullfil them . for exemple , some are looking for the best way to get to the top of their firm , others are planning to marry and have child , etc . in the same time , they have the ability to do exciting and physically demanding activity like sport , extreme or not . from my point of view , being young give a very positive attitude , and the feeling that nothing is impossible and that with effort you can achieve whatever you planned . on the contrary , being old is , i think , much more depressing . that is the time where illness begin to spread among people of your age . you do not work anymore , so you have plenty of spare time but you are not healthy enough to plainly enjoy it . you still have objective , but you begin to think that perhaps you will not have the time to achieve it . all of this is doe not give a very positive attitude toward life . as i have clearly explained , i think that most of the time young people enjoy life more than old people do . still , i would like to point out that everything is not a simple a it seems . for exemple , for several year now unemployment ha been a great factor of depression for young people . in the meantime , people are living longer every generation , and the progress of medicine keep people healthy until an advanced age . that give a lot of time to enjoy your free time when you are old , to travel to other country or to improve in your hobby , which is very positive . as a conclusion , i would say that i think that being youg give a more positive attitude to life , but that what matter most is your personnal belief in the good side of life , and you will enjoy your life whatever your age is .