in today 's society , advertisement is the source of all business and of course the key to marketing . the goal of advertisement is to give the watcher the envy to purchase a certain product in , of course , a little amount of time . the reason why advertising is such an influencial source in the world today is pretty much self explanatory . they obviously make the product seem much better than it really is , they do so by multiple technique . when the watcher see an advertisement he immediatly feel the need to purchase the product because of the way it is described , or because he belief it will make his life better , or lastly for the simple reason that he want to be like everyone esle that fell in the trap . advertisments were made for people to believe that a product is simply unbelievable and there is no question about it . they will try and portray the product the best they can for it to look unique and give it a `` never seen before '' look which give the watcher a feeling of excitment and envy that will lead him into purchasing the product . secondly . advertisment were meant to make people feel like they are missing something in their life and that the product that they are advertising will fullfil their desire and make them live a better life . they will feel better about themsleves if they purchase the product and feel like it ha improved their way of life , even if the change is only psychological , advertisments are efficient enough for u to believe that it ha altered our way of life for the better . lastly , the product would n't be a interesting if only one person felt the need to buy it , therefore , advertisment depends mostly on the popularity their product will receive and if the people are influenced by others to purchase the item then the advertisement ha won the challenge . people often feel left out when everyone ha something new that just recently came out and they do n't , which is often the reason and the drive that cause them to give in and buy one for themsleves . in conclusion , most advertisement make product seem much better rhan they really are by using multiple method that they know will affect our opinion and will get their product the popularity and envy it need for it to be successfull and prove their advertisment to be quite effective .