i totally agree with the statement for it is the very purpose of advertisement to raise the sale of the particular product . in a capitalistic society , it is a general rule that nobody would pay for anything he doe not expect to get a benefit out of . companies place advertisement , `` commercial '' for their product with the only purpose of selling them . this will generate profit , their benefit . competition drive them to discover the most efficient way to do so . the most simple and basic form of advertising a product would be a neutral statement of it feature . this is seldomly done , for there are provenly better way to motivate potential customer to buy . even if it were true that all product that are advertised would have - from a neutral standpoint - feature that would make them worth buying , this is not what the consumer asks for . it ha been discovered that emotion are the key to human motivation . this very broad realization is being directly utilized by advertisement . i will illustrate with the automobile a an example . it is no secret that car are very important for people ' prestige : `` tell me what you drive and i tell you who you are '' . therefore , a wide variety of different car for different type of `` lifestyle '' exists . commercials try to appeal to people that lead a certain lifestyle and to convey emotion that relate to it . in an ideal scenario , a customer ' decision is entirely based on that he think owning the car will invoke the certain emotion that wa displayed in the advertisement which again relates to his lifestyle . factors such a quality and price are totally neglected . as a natural result , in most case , the car wa made to look much better than it actually wa . that is , when you judge from a natural standpoint , neglecting the `` emotional '' quality of owning such a car . with the `` emotional '' method proven to work a an effective mean to raise product sale , it is consequentially applied by most company for a wide variety of product . without trying to say that all product seem better in the advertisement than they actually are , it can well be generalized onto the vast majority of them .