students go to the university to learn thing which will make them more efficient in their job . but is it more important for them to understand concept than to learn fact ? understand a concept and/or an idea is very important in some subject . for example in chemistry understanding how a special reaction occurs can help researcher go further in research by inventing new molecule , find new or develop former reaction ( which were known to take place , but not knowing how it take place ) . understanding an idea or a concept can make the student more efficient in his study , research , and in his future job . knowing how something occurs help a lot in going further quicker . learning fact is also very usefull . i take the same example of chemistry . some reaction are known but you ca n't explain how it work , so you have to learn it to go on . learning fact make you also more effecient , you do n't have to look every where for the answer to the problem asked . if you want to use a known method to do each or each reaction , if you have learnt it before , you do n't have to look in the litterature everytime to do your reaction . i think that both are very important for the student . you need information that are given to you by the lecturer and you have to learn and understand them . sometimes learning something can help you understand a point which wa dark for you . learning thing can make you also be brighter than you are already . sometimes you do n't have to understand something . learning thing which can be useless to the student can be revealed later to be very important . learning give you general culture . in a sense i agree that for student it is more important to understand than to learn because once you have understood an idea you do n't have to learn it , and it make the student save some of time . but your also have to learn . in conclusion i would say that both learning and understanding are the key which open the gate of the knowledge and of conciousness .