talking about the future is always a very difficult thing to do . so to decide wheter there will be fewer car in use in twenty year one ha to discus several aspect that may influence this gesture . firs step , there is the definition of car . if car have to have an engine that us fossial source , i am sure that there will be fewer car in the future , even when talking about such a short point in the future a twenty year . if also other sort of powering a car are within this definition i will need some more step . second step is the aspect of population . up to now the growing of the world 's population is said to maintain the way it doe . if that will still be true in twenty year we will definitely have fewer car . as an example take vienna , the city i live in . roads and car , and parking space need that much space in the city , that the space for house and people walking is limited . so if there are more people , i suppose they will need more space , and therefore this space ha to be gained by abolishing , or at least deminuating road . third step is to think of other sort of transportation and their progress . undergrounds are already part of almost all big city and their positive influence is obvious . if there is no negative trend , thinking of security within public place , caused by sustaining terror threat , this mean of transport will have it effect to decrease the number of car . trains also may become much more important than they are today . i suppose this since i think of the growing size of the suborbs . more people need more space , which result in longer distance to the working place , which have to be passed by faster . so if technology mangages to control higher speed and can ensure this by a higher security standard , train will overtake the car 's function for taking people from and to their working place . so a an conclusion i suppose that in twenty there will be fever car than there are today , since at least on of the aspect above will become true .