considering the development regarding energy source in the past decade , i can say that this statemnt would prove to be true . the increasing scarcity of petroleum , the lack of progress in introducing alternative fuel , and a growing consciousness of people to use public transport for their daily activity would all lead to this outcome . although scientist and many politician have talked about the incoming shortage of oil since the early 1990s , we have actually felt the first sign of a bigger crisis in the year to come a the barrel price of oil reached over $ 70 last year . it is now known that the disputed area and country with weaker tie and interest with the globalising world could shake the whole world with limiting the production or distribution of oil a iran did it last year and russia did when it refused to pump oil to ukraine and a a result to the rest of europe . these high fluctuatins in oil price will be even higher in the coming future and many middle and lower income housholds would afford at most one automobile or maybe none . recently , the introduction of alternative fules for car ha been a hot topic and even some hedge fund have moved in to invest in these project . however , aside from some substance that can improve the performance of gasoline and lead-free oil , there is no real progress to replace petroleum based motor . electrical motor can only be used in conjunction with the traditional motor and help increase the mileage of the car . so , with no replacement , oil seems to be remain the main source of power for auto , in accordance with the argument i made above , rising oil price will still make these technology unattractable . as a result of the above mentioned reason , more and more people a well a conscious government adapt public transport . especially subway system are becoming more and more popular with citizen and local administrator a they provide a fast and comfortable way of transportation without being an extra burden on the city traffic . for longer distance , high speed train provide speed even greater than most auto and a comfort out of the chaotic highway . the change from automobile to other mean of transportation will be hard and many people will try to resist at first . however , when there will be no other way out people will definitely give the right decision and leave their beloved car .