i mainly agree with the statement . advertisements are presented in such a professional way that they are able to make costumer believe they need excactly the product which is shown . advertisement is made to show you everything the product can do or how it change your daily life in a very positive manner . there is never shown a negative aspect . the key is , that advertisement is mostly placed at television in the late evening when the people are watching a show or a film and do not want to think about what they look at . so they do not think about all the negative aspect the product may have , they listen to the music , which is of course perfectly chosen , they see image of great landscape or happy family so that they are in a very positive mood . and that is just what the company want their consumer to be in , a positive mood , where you are more likely to buy product of every kind , even if you do not need them at all . furthermore , they are tested with a small audience before they are released so that the company who invented the advertisement can change some kind of it if the test audience critizes it a lot , so there is an improved kind of quality controll . another aspect is , that the firm who produce the food or whatever ha to be advertised , doe not create the advertisement itself in most case . they engage a company which is a speciallist in advertisement and so they know everything about what their consumer want to see . at the end it is important that the statemant includes not every advertisement ever made . there are big exception from that rule , for example when you see a saucege crashing into a wall it doe not animate me to buy a safe car . and you must allways remember that they only create an illusion , when you buy the product just because of it advertisement without comparing it depending on real fact with other product , you will not have much fun with your new product . in conclusion , i have to admit that advertisement are influencing everybody 's shopping behaviour a lot because they are able to present the product in a nearly perfect way .