young people nowadays indeed do not give enough time helping their community . there are various reason for this . most young people nowadays are engrossed in making a successful career and settling down during their youth . most youngster do n't really care what happens around them because they are too self-centered . also , the economic condition of their life too influence whether young people work for their community or not . today 's world demonstrates the darwinian principle , `` the fittest survive '' on a day-to-day basis , though not across specie , but within the human specie . in the extreme race to achieve high goal that they set for themselves , youngster hardly give any thought to the community around them . most of their time is dedicated to the achievement of their goal and themselves , and not much is left for community service . the fact that it is rare to find anyone volunteering for community service ( rather than being punished with it ) show how le youngster nowadays care for community service . another reason why youngster nowadays do n't give much time for community service is the profound change in mindset of youngster . they are more materialistic than ever . few youngster know the pleasure , satisfaction and elation of dedicating oneself for the service of others , nowadays . more addicted to the material pleasure of the world , they spare no thought of community service . this change in mindset ha not been sudden , perhaps . over the year and generation , parent impress the importance of community service le on their child , they themselves being materialistic . thus , gradually , child might have no notion of community service whatsoever . the economic condition in which the stidents are brought up also influence the perspective they develop about community service . if a student is from a poor family , in which most of his time is consumed in his fight for survival , it is le probable that he might be interested in serving the community . but this argument can be confronted with the fact that he might know the pain of being poor , and hence help the poor in the future . nevertheless , economic condition do play a role in student perception of community service . thus in essence , pressure from all aspect of life keep today 's youth from giving enough time helping their community . further , other issue like the change in mindset of people of all age group , selfishness , and economic condition are a major cause .