going by the spiralling rate of fuel price , there definitely would be fewer car in use twenty year from now , than there are today . when , i say car , i mean vehicle running on petroleum product and not the alternative fuel like solid fuel , solar cell and other alternative . some twenty year ago , owning a car wa a middle class dream , but today it 's a nightmare , because of the steep price that one ha to shell out to keep the engine running . buying a car is easier today with greater competition in the auto industry leading to affordable price but ala , no such competition exists in the fuel industry and price are going only one way . installment scheme can lure people to buy their fancied machine but how long they can keep it on the road is a tougher question to answer . and then when there are the alternatemethods of travelling that are available today , they make atleast day to day travelling much easier . traffic jam and congestion are a common feature on most road around the world . so that your travelling time is unnecessarily multiplied by a not very small number . whereas , a public transport system like local train , subway , metro etc provide a very punctual and time effective way of travelling . be it travelling to office , college , school , movie , stadium , you know exactly how much time the train will take you . so it give people time for other activity , including relaxation at home or otherwise . but you definitely are n't honking your horn at the car in front of you or scowling at the one next to you in a traffic jam . one ha train and bus plying at most hour of the day . even for the other emergency hour one may hire a cab . also there 's much greater awareness today for our environment , so a more and more people get educated about our eco system , the deadly exhalation of toxic gas can be reduced . many city in the world like tokyo , amsterdam have a cycling culture where it is very normal for people to commute to their workplace on cycle . in fact , most new road project around the world have a cycling lane a part of the road . so this should also take some heavy load of our road . also , cycling is an excellent exercise for our body . yes , there definitely are occasion when one need a personal car . like weekend outing , family function etc . but they are sporadic event and do n't put a much pressure on the road and the environment a a slow crawl in traffic everyday doe . therefore , when it come to ` car in use ' , for all the economic , environmental and health reason cited above , and given a general common sensical point of view prevailing , there should be fewer ` car in use ' twenty year from now than there are today .