i agree with the statement , and think that more should be done by people to help their community . first of all , it 's easy to notice that many young boy spend their time in videogame center , wasting a lot of time and doing nothing useful for the community . besides , even if they spend hour in such amusement place , they do n't look happy at all . probably this is due to the lack of human relationship that emerge from spending time with videogames , so i think that if they start spending their time in helping their community they will both use their time in a better way and be happier . for example , they could perform act for entertaining old people . this would make them make friend among other player , and let them show their ability in singing or playing , or just let them enjoy in an environment that doens't require any professional skill . another useful activity young people could do for their community would be go to elementary school and sensibilize kid about the problem of bullism , in an age where it emerges . if older people , like teacher , explain child that bullism is a bad , meaningless , completely unuseful thing , kid will probably start behaving even worse , to show that they are strong and `` adult '' enough to oppose teacher suggestion . conversely , if young boy or girl in the age of 20 , who are often seen a a model by kid , explains that `` being a bull is not cool at all '' , then studens usually start to behave better . i know it seems strange , but i can say it by a personal experience of mine that it really work . anyway i am happy to notice that some development ha occurred . for example , in my childhood there wa not so much attention on the condition of the riverside of my city main river . they were really dirty , you could find anyhing there , from bicycle to refrigerator , from old tv set to washing machine . however now , once a year , during a spring event people clean for free those riverside , and in few year it became a nice river where some people start even to fish , something that wa unbeliveable until about ten year ago . this make me confident in thinking that more and more nice activity will be developed , and that more and more people will devote their time to useful activity that help their community and , i think , their own life too .