it is said that the society ha turned so busy and competing , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . this observation is not fully incorrect , but it is a rather shallow approach . one must see what young people actually plan to do and the way they do it to understand the phenomenon . since the competition in the society ha increased sharply , young people these day have much more to do when they are not working than the young one even a close a some decade ago , so they usually study and prepare to get job . this is why it seems that young people do not give enough time to halping the society . however , that is not all they do . there are many voluntary act that university student organize or participate on their own . for example , korean university and college student participate in education service organized by religious party . moreover , these day they tend to organize the service by themselves . the way of committing to the community also ha changed . young people from an older generation might have been involved in more general issue , such a politics , or national social movement . young people nowadays , on the other hand , tend to specify on their specialty and focus on what they can do best , or at least on what they like . as seen above , student tend to teach the child who have hard time at school but can not afford any other education . this trend go into more specific area . students will involve with community close to their major , and young worker will help those who are closer to personal interest or hobby . for example , student who major on agriculture will go on the field and help farmer . this will enhance their knowledge on their major a well a help the community that involves them . young worker interested in sport forming team or coaching child for free will also be an example . as a whole , young people these day surely do not seem to give enough time to helping the community , but they sure do so in their own way . it is only the outside that ha changed due to the increased complexity and competition of the society , not the inside of the young people mind and soul . their way might have changed , but they still do like any other generation might .