life is nice . it is our responsibilty to enjoy it . life ; however , ha many aspect that could prevent u form enjoying it , there are diferent setuations met in life depending on a person age . such difernses will affect the enjoment . some people think toung people enjoy life more than older people . but i think that the elderly ` have much more enjoyment of life than youngster . major reason for that are finantial presure , difrent phs of dvolpment they met , and the butiful memory the have . young people tend to have a lot of pesure . an employed person want not only to keep his job but to get a promotion so hat he or she have better finantial situation . there is always the threat if beeing fired and loosing the fund he or she can run his or her life with . a unemployed person will always be under pressure of finding a job . the elderly are usualy retired and get their retirmant benfets reglarly . those who never had retiment benfets can easly get ac to government programes like socal security . sons and doters also tend to help their parent . these factor help the elderly to feel relaxed , and by dooing so , they enjoy life . another important point is that the older ganretion experianced life in diffrent devolpent phase . for example , the elderly in saudi arbia witnessed the inrtoduction of electircty , the first radio brodcast in the reagon , devolpment in trasportation , and the introduction of internet . this would help them thank the allmighty for the grace they are living in and apreceat it , while younsters may curese the low speed internet . a wise man once said `` memory are anothor life '' . this mean that any person will enjoy his memory . not only doe the elder comunity have more time to remember , but also they have much more memory . alot of memory with enogh time to remember will increase the posibilty of enjoyment . this will continue to be a debative esue . it may be true that generlisation will not give the corct answer , but it will help u to understand tha cause of enjoyment and aply then in our life . if we uderstood why the elder comunity enjoyed life , our life would be much happier .