now a day it ha become a popular belief that the young generation is not helping their community and are rather much more interested in themselves . but i do not agree with this statement . i beleive that still there are younger people nowdays who are helping their community and i am myself involved in that process . let me illustrate this with the help of the example , in my college we have a society called nss ( national social service ) . as the name suggests this society is involved in the social service . lets me explain more about this society . it is a society that is fully run by the student of the college , sometimes professor are also interested but they do n't bind or force any student to work for that . so this society only ha people who are not paid for any sort of service . the student are take class and dentote free book to the poor section of the society who can not sent their child to school and that also free of cost and in their college working day . the next example is that last month a student of our college suffered from the cancer but a the cancer wa in the initial stage it wa beleived to be cured but due to poor background his family wa not able to afford the expense a they were too big . so what these nss people did is , they display notice , went to the room of each and every student and collected the donation and made donation a much a they can do . the result wa that the student wa successfully operated and is now recovering from the cancer . in addition to all these service they organise voluntry blood donation camp with the help of red cross society and in addition to making regular donation they also encourage other student by giving some talk and thus helping in having the sufficient blood in the blood bank so that it can be used in the case of emergency . in order to help poor people of the society , a they themselves do n't have any fund , they montly go to the student room and collect some old newpaper and some other stuff so that that can be sold and can be used to help poor people . they also collect some other stuff like old clothes from both professors and student who are willing to donate any . all these service are just being done by the undergraduate of my college and it is not only in our college there are several other school , college and organization who are helping the community . all these service demand time a well a effort and the now more and more youngster day by day are actively involving themselves in serving the society . although there are some youngster who are not the member of these organization but still they are helping by making blood donation and other very useful donation to the society periodically .