an old saying `` a jack of all trade and a master of nothing '' suggests u that a person should not try to have more of the broad knowledge of each and every subject but should be focussed on a single subject . so many other saying were developed in the past related to this thing only like `` little knowledge is a dangerous thing '' but they were the one which were stated long year back and are not valid today . talking about the present scenario where success ha become every man 's need , a person who is just having a knowledge on one subject can not climb the stair of a ladder that could lead him to a successfull path . its not bad to be focussed but not saluburious in the current era . focussing on one subject can have many diverse effect . having knowledge on one subject the job area to which the person can apply will be restricted . he will be able to apply for some of the job only , that could lead to more of frustration and more of tension a he will not be able to apply for job that may be could lead to fulfill his major dream . the present man should try to have a many knowledge on each and every subject a he can . as in big industry it the sphere of knowledge that matter and not the perfection on one subject . and once you have got the platform then success is just few step ahead . taking example from our outside world a that of miss aishwarya rai , former miss world and a successful bollywood actress . it wa not just her beauty that carried her through such a tough path but her intelligence . she became miss world , which is not an easy job , and then got an easy way to enter the film industry . so a she wa perfect in field including intelligence and beauty , she could reach the door of success early a compared to the one who entered the industry at the same time . so in a nutshell it can be said that a man living in the present day world should try to change the saying stated above to the one `` jack of all trade and master of everything '' then only he can survive .