i agree with the statement that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . there are several reason a follows which are all pointing in the same direction , le car will be in our street in the future . first of all , since there will be scarce amount of oil reserve there will be more public transportation a faster train and underwater tunnel between long distance . there will be alternative and cheap substance , fuel or mechanism to function vehicle which will be environment friendly at the same time but since research for new fuel and loss of auotomotive company because of scarce resource of oil will cause high cost for buying alternative efficient car . with respect to current technology and consumption preference of people in the market , it can be assumed that in the future people will prefer easier life than today . clearly , traffic always cause stress in poeple and sometimes make it impossible to reach everywhere . so , new generation wo n't be prefering car that easily . instead of going somewhere with a car in traffic , they will meet in internet , make video conference , use audio , etc. with respect to their goal in travelling . instead of using car , they will prefer to use air transportation which is faster . in the future , there will be new method of air transfer , different kind of vehicle transferring people in the air . one other point is that , in the short run , street and parking lot will not be enough for more car and people will start complaining about having car which will be a sign of future generation having of le car . another point is that in the future people will be spending more time at home causing le reason to travel with a car like working home office and having lecture in online school instead of traditional class so they wo n't be going to work or school . finally , in the long run , people will find a new way to transmit molecule and body , so they wo n't need any other medium of transportation . to sum up , future will bring u le car and respectively no car and thus happier people who are using alternative way for transportation instead of car .