to answer the question , if most advertisement make product much better than they really are i want to procide in a certain way . since the question state that not all advertisement , but most of them are making a product look much better than it really is , i am just going to give some example in order to empiricly prove that the given statement is correct . in that order my first example is the mc donalds french fry . when you see their commercial on tv , where it is these tasty french fry just shouting out of that shimmering red box , they always look just fabulous . they are thick and have that perfect yellow-brownish color . and almost more important they lie in that box perfectly organized . not a single one is misplaced . comparing that wounderful illusion of mc donalds french fry with the reallity one ha to come to the conclusion that there is a gigantic diffrence between them . that example hereby strongly support the given statement . to give another example one just ha to look at one of these energy drink advertisement . the advertisement tell you that by consuming that nice colored , always cooled looking drink all of your lost power or energy will be restored immediatly . most of these advertisement also make one feel that one becomes more attracitve by drinking that baverrage . as in the first example the advertisement give one an image of the product which doe not correspond to the reallity . altough i have to admit that i did not try every existing energy-drink i believe i can tell by the dozen i have tried that they are neighter a good looking , nor a good energy restoring a the advertisement want to make one believe . as these to example perfectly show advertisement usually make a product seem much better than it really is , which is nothing to wonder about if one look at the purpose of an advertisement . since advertisement are made to increase the number of sold unit of a product , of course they try to make everyone believe that they are buying a perfect product .