the travelling is now very common in our scocities . people generally alway want to go either the new place or the place which they have gone before because they want to know in detailed about that place . some people want to go alone or some prefer to group . however , i perssonally prefer that when i go in group , it must be led by the tour guide . because tour guide have detailed information about that place , they have also explained in intresting way and also wasy to follw the group . the travelling in group is fun but it is more enjoyable if the group have a person which explain about the place in detail i ; e tour guide . when we go to the new place , we have superficial information about the landmark , musium etc . however the tour guide ihave detailed infomation about like detailed history , importance and significance about that place . the travelling is worthwhile if we will get all the information about the place after spending a lot of money . secondly , tour guide know how to keep happy to all the people in group . they make some funny statement , spme joke . even sometimes , the information is real but they convey in a group such a way that everybody laugh . for examle , i went to visit a monumant i.e tajmahal in india . this tajmahal is built by the sahjaha in love of the wife . everytime our tour guide asked to u that what will your husband will make for you in future . he laso commented on man that you eill not build this kind of monument thet mean you donot like your wife . this is historical truth but the way , tour guide were expressed make travelling intresting . in addition , if the gruop is led by tour guide , the more organised and have proper schedule . it is very convenient to follew the each and every person of the group and also timely fashoned . if i spend a lot of meny and time , i want to know everything about that place . my travel should have fun and well organised . therefore , i totally agree that going in group led by the tour guide is best way to travel .