everyone want to succeed in live . the question is only how to do this - doe one ha to try new thing , doe one ha to take risk to be successful ? a problem about trying new thing is of course the possibility to fail . just to try something new garantees by no mean to succeed . on the other hand , it seems pretty obvious to me that one should n't stay inside the given border if one want to succeed . firstly , trying something new mean to have courage . people who take risk are self-confident . it is very important to have a certain degree of courage and self-confidence to succeed . then others telling you that you had no chance doe n't keep you from doing it . and if you are steadily kept from doing what you acctually would like to do , after some time you will probably develop a certain passive attitude towards life and you will even no longer succeed in thing that are n't new at all , that you are familiar too . taking risk mean to be active and to keep going even if there are obstacle -- what is very important for everyone who want to succeed . furthermore , trying new thing mean to explore unknown area , area where noone or only very few people have been before . especially in economics it is one of the most important thing to be the first one on the market . one ha to be creative and inventive to succeed and what is more , one then ha to realize one 's idea . i heard of a very successful woman selling a new sort of bathing shoe , and she wa really the first to be interested in bathing shoe a something that could make it way into the nation 's fashion magazine . but just the fact that she took the risk , that she started her own business although her counseler probably told her not to do so and the fact that she wa very creative in designing the form and pattern of the shoe made her to succeed . if she would have remained in the pattern of daily life , if she just would have gone on the way she wa used to do thing , she would never have reached what she did . so to my mind , successful people acctually try new thing and take risk although this should never mean to loose the ground or to be unrealistic .