i 'm learning politics at the university and it is very hard to agree with this statement . it is also hard to response whether concept or historical fact are the most important to know because i think that we hardly need to refer to common concept to gain some time between poeple who share the same knowledge but those concept are in general tightly linked to the context from were they are born . to explain something for instance a governement composition , action or organisation we 'll need to refer to common concept such a `` check and balance '' , `` proportionnal majority '' , `` executif power '' , and so on . . you and your auditor must share the same definition of such term to understand each other . but at the same time , in order to really catch the meaning of this word or concept , you need a an intellectual process to refer to something concrete . for instance , a you may talk about dictature you will often refer to hitler . when you talk about communism , you will think about what happened during cold war between the united states and russia . ideas and concept are not more nor le important than fact . the both are hardly linked in my experience working only in an abstract way using combination of concept to explain something would be , at first , very hard to understand because at the first concept you do n't understand you would be lost and furthermore you may not remember what you ' ve been listening for hour long . secondly , i think that even in politics wich is called a science , poeple may share different definition of a single concept for instance : democracy . is a fascist party democratic ? no ? not allowing that very party to take part of election is more democratic ? concept and ideas need the fact and context to be understood . and we can say that to really classify a fact or a context in an intelligible category we need concept and idea that we share . this explosion is called an insurection , this one an incident , this one a revolution and so on .