when applying to university , there are always many choice of study offered to student . some will be more likely to get engaged in a field such a litterature , while other will choose medecine . i think , these two field are really different from each other according to what you learn in each of them . for the first , you will have to understand idea and concept , and for the second , you will have to learn and deal with fact . in my opinion , it is far more interesting to study fact . first of all , when you are engaged in a field such a medecine that implies human life , you have to deal with new thing everyday . i think learning fact allows you to understand how thing happened , and eventually to solve problem . of course , at the begining of a medical degree , you will have to learn rudimantary skill , which are somehow related to wordy idea and concept , but then you will have to practice them , so that you will understand better what you were talking about before . i think learn fact lead to more concrete activity . not just medecine is concerned . take the exemple of law . usually , the begining of law study implies a lot of paper course , lot of concept . these could remain very obscure for student if he doe n't have any chance to practice them and to make them real . secondly , i think it is far easier for a teacher to communicate with student and to get their interest about a topic when it implies fact . of course the undertstanding of idea and concept is very important to succeed in a class , but the lack of fact could make the previous work just redundant and le interresting . it stimulates the student 's ability to understand better , and even more , to look foward to others subject or discipline . to conclude , i think the understanding of idea and concept , and the study of fact are both important factor in the process of once study . however , it is way more interesting for student to learn fact , because it enable them to have a better understanding of what they already know , and it also allows eventually them to put their vast range of knowledge in practice .