in my oppinion , i agree young people nowadays do not have enough time to helping their community . there are two reason of my oppinion . first , most of young people have a lot of homework and afterschooh program . besides , most of their parant do not care about their child if have pacience to help their community . therefore they maybe not educate them to help people when they were kid . secondly , there are many attractive thing catch young peple 's eye . in these day , most of young people have a lot of homework and afterschool program must to do , especially in taiwan . young people want to enter the prestige school and to achieve their parants ' expection `` entering the famous school and have a good job . '' they spent a lot of time studying and getting good grade . in the school , teacher will not actively encourage young people joint helping or servicing group to help and service other people . in addition , the young people will affaird of lose than other student a they spend time helping poor people . the homework and the pressure of entering the famous school make stusdents do not help people and the community actively . moreover , most of their parants think helping people and the community will make their child not concentrate on the point - entering the famous school and have a good job . therefore , when they were kid the parants did not actively encourage them to connect with the community and help someone . the parants ' view directly affect young people 's view . finally , the most important is that young child are attracted by the newest and funny thing , for example , the song of hip pop , the famous singer ect . most of the young people think i do not use my time to help others , tracing the famous singer is most intersting . above of all , there are few people care about encouraging their child to connect with their community and help each other . it make young people use their time to do another thing which are meaningful to them . so i think young people do not share thier liesure time to the community .