in normally , a a nature of fact , young people and older people have some different idea and approach even to the same situation . therefore , i completely aggree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . this is because due to the following reason . to begin with , young people and older people have different attitude and experience , so they are not expected to behave similar against the same situation . for instance , young people can try to enjoy life by travelling , dancing , doing so many sport activity such a swimming , tracking , skiing and so on . however , in general , older people think to live a more stable or routine life and they usually do not want to enjoy life by doing whatever young people do . furthermore , young and older people of course have different metabolism which mean their hormone are really different to each others ' . therefore , one can not usually expect to someone , age of 75 , to make bungee jumping from a skyscraper but a you guess , a young boy try to feel this adrenalin in his vessel by jumping from 250 foot height . moreover , similar to these , young people have no such a hard responsibility for their family or someone around them . however , many older people are grandmother and grandfather so they always have to think not only themselves but also their childrens and grand child . for example , think a boy , at the age of 15 , he/she can go to a holiday for two or three month with his/her friend because if the school are closed , they have a great time to make whatever they want , but older people have a limited time to do so . in the ligth of above discussion , last but not at least , i wish to conclude by saying that young people enjoy life more than older people due to their different experience , different hormonal metabolism and different responsibility a well . therefore , a a young and dynamic boy , i try to do whatever and whenever i want because i do not want to say when i am 65 year old that i wish . ..