in modern era , people are getting more and more involved in their personal matter to such an extent that they can not spare time for other social obligation . young generation , particularly focus on it own interest disregarding the need and problem of their community a a whole . i agree with the statement made by the author and substantiate my decision a follows . the concept of `` individualism '' ha encompassed almost every corner and section of society . people are preoccupied by the thought `` survival of the fittest '' . that is why they are more focussed on their own personal life and dont care for their community a a whole . this is supported by the fact that whenever fund are granted for the upliftment of a particular community , people who are involved in such dealing tend to get maximum aid for themselves remaining unconcerned about the others in the community . also in today 's world everyone is flooded with the work and responsibility one ha to perform . this leaf no room in their thought for such help to upbring their community . their hectic schedule doesnot leave them with enough spare time . so they dont get enough time for considering concern of their community . moreover , these day the thinking of people have broadened and they donot want to give an edge to a community , no matter if that community is their own . they believe in sense of competition and unbiased selection . they believe in dignity of hard work and want justice to prevail among the society . but one must admit a well , many association which favor the improvement of a community a a whole are still present in fair number and are active . most of these association are run by people who have been successful in life and want to provide opportunity to other member of their community . most of them comprise of donation , gift and reservation for the member of their respective community in sum , despite of some exception the young people nowadays do not devote enough time to helping their community and are more concerned with their daily responsibility and obligation .