i think it is pretty hard to say this in general . maybe it is true for some people but false for others . but for the first part in life it may be true almost for everyone : let u start with the childhood age , usually the youngest one can remember . apart from several people , that go through rather harsh time during childhood ( divorce of their parent , deseases and so on ) usually people enjoy life to the fullest in that period . you have a lot of spare time , school is not so important to you and you do n't care about the future too much . so normally , you life a live that is free of sorrow and worry . after that , during teenage , it get more complicated : many people get a little bit depressive , it is not called the difficultest age for nothing . in that phase of life , people usually do n't enjoy it that much . but there are always others , who go to party a lot , and fall in love for the fist time and all that , so these one will enjoy that time a lot , maybe even more than childhood . i am not sure which one of these is the bigger part , but i think , in general , most people would say , that this age wa not a good a childhood . then , after graduating form high school , one either start to work or begin to studiy at college . both way of life have in common , that your free time get more and more limited . either you have to work from nine to five , or you have to learn and pas compicated examination . many people in that age are getting concerned about future . they may have fear of losing their job , or failing in some test at college . besides that , in that age , you have to organize your personal life at the same time . there i think of founding a family and raising own chidren . so more and more your time get le and your worry increase . but maybe there is light in sight at the end of the tunnel : there is a whole lot of people who start to enjoy life the most , when they are retired . they then have plenty of time again , and they do n't worry too much about the future anymore . so basically i would for most people it is enjoyable at the start and at the end of there life . maybe like walking through a valley . but of course there might be very much exception to the way of life i mentioned above . for example some people are either lonely or very sick at the end of their life . in that case , there is no doubt , wheather they enjoyed life more when they were younger .