some people might say sussessful people try new thing and take risk rather than what they already know how to do well . as far a i am concerned , i agree with this opinion for the following reason : successful thing is not coming from ordinary thing . in addition , people who are ready to take the risk and dangerous thing could grow up perfectly . first , in my opinion , there is no easy way to success all over the world . in this regard , people have to work hard try to find something new in their daily life . for example , people who want to be successful should find extraordinary thing in everywhere . in contrast , people who are want to go easy way and follow others could be just a normal person . although meaning of success is depends on the person , but all the successful thing our life is from hard work and process . for these reason , i think successful people always try to do new thing they did n't experienced and take risk . second , from my experience , people who are already success must have confident and leadership . in this society , they are all kind of people in the real life . most of them are member , few others are the leader of their company or factory . for example , mr. lee , the ceo of well known company samsung , ha tremendous thinking and vision . i do n't know much about him , but i know he changed his way of made his company with the whole new progress being against the ordinary way . at fist , before the time he wa not a ceo , samsung wa just a second group in the country , but after he promoted to ceo , he renovated hiring system , factory system , everything new to the people . later then , samsung turned to successful group in the country , and even abroad . with this reason , i stronly agree that successful people try to new thing although it ha follow with the risk . in conclusion , i stronly agree this opinion with successful people try new thing and take all the risk rather than only doing what they alrealy know how to do well for the tease reason : there is no way to success easily , and people who are ready to face the risk can survive and live successfully . thank you for reading .