i agree with the statement . for a student , it seems more important to me to understand idea and concept seems than to learn fact . nevertheless , i do not underestimate the value of the latter , although overall i think understanding idea and concept is for two reason a more appropriate way to response to life 's challenge than studying mere figure . first , we are facing an increasingly complex world today , and understanding concept might prove to be better help in reacting to this complexity . information and technology are changing rapidly , a our knowledge about the world advance . knowledge is very flexible nowadays . for example , fact about medical problem or genetic disease can change within month . the same applies to the growth of new achievement in healing patient who suffer from , to give another example , cancer . this implies , that the ability to understand idea and concept gain more importance today than in the past , since it doe not `` expire '' , a fact and figure , which we once learned , do . but not only the factor of expiration of some fact make them le useful for student to tackle problem with . it is also important to provide student with tool which can help them work in different situation . concepts and idea might be applicable to more than one situation , and in this respect they are different from fact which apply to single situation and problem . understanding these idea seems to be useful to learn how to solve problem in general . on the other hand , learning fact and figure of course is important to have some basic knowledge about the world . comparing problem , that once arose , with current one might help u understand the matter in a more comprehensive way than otherwise , and in some case it might even help u to develop innovative solution . to conclude , it is both important for student to understand idea and concept and to to learn fact . nevertheless , i think that student should concentrate on understanding idea and concept , which are applicable in different time and situation , whereas fact and figure might expire and only apply to a certain context .