the most fearful thing that people think is a death . then , some people may say that young people have a lot of time to live comparing to older people , therefore they can enjoy life more . it is sure that older people have high possibility of death because of various reason , such a disease and weakness of their body . however , when the death come are unknown . probabyly , a baby which is just born one hour ago may be die because of the sudden accident . therefore i disagree with the statement which is `` young people enjoy life more than older people do . '' first , each people have a different situation and environment . these situation and environment have a great impact on a person 's life . for example a lot of child dy because of disease or lack of food in developing country . their life are quite hard . they do not know if they can live tomorrow or not , because they do not have any money and food . they also have to work for their family at the young age , and sometimes , they sell their organ to get money . young people are healthier than older people , therefore they have to earn money . probably , most of young people in these situation can not enjoy their life . therefore it is not true that all young people enjoy life and be able to spend their all time for themelves . second , older people in developed country may have a lot of free time which they can use for their own . for example , in japan , a lot of older people can get money from the government after the decided age . therefore they do not have to work , and they use these free period to do their hobby , such a sport , music , game . .. and so on . it is not true that all the old peple enjoy their life , but it is true that a lot of old people enjoy their life by arranging their future . although their death may be comming soon , they can enjoy their life . as you read , if the person can enjoy the life or not is not depend on their age , but their situation , environment , people around him / her ... and so on . by changing their situation and way of thinking , people can enjoy their life .