in the following i shall give my opinion about the question of whether it is better to have a rather broad but not so deep knowledge of several academic subject or whether it is better to be an expert in one specific subject . honestly speaking , i do not think there can be a general question to this answer . i believe it depends on the aim and professional goal a person ha in life . for some people it might be better to focus on one thing and become really good at it and for others it might actually be smarter to become familiar with a variety of different subject . speaking for myself , i think dealing with a broad range of academic topic is the better choice . this is due to the fact that i still do not know what job i will work in later . i do not feel ready to already specialize in one specific subject . what if i am making the wrong choice ? another reason for me to prefer a broad knowledge of academic subject is that people who know about a variety of thing appear more educated to me . whatever question one might have , they always feel ready to answer -- at least most of the time . now imagine you are spending time with a person that is specialized in one specific field but doe not know anything else . if you do not happen to be specialized in the same area a he or she is , what are you going to talk about ? it could become quite a boring a well a frustrating experience . furthermore , i am of the opinion that people who have broad knowledge in a variety of subject are more likely to have a very successful career . we just have to look at high executive in the business world . many of them did not specialize in business in university but they studied a variety of topic including `` art history '' or other subject which do not necessarily have to do with the job they are doing now . what company want today is people who know about many different thing . as i said in the beginning this might not be the correct way for everybody , but with my personal goal it certainly is for me .