the issue at hand is the `` knowledge one would be interested in acquiring '' . it is rather difficult to state a single opinion because most of the work conducted in several section of our life are based on a particular topic at depth using other topic . but , i think knowledge about a particular topic to depth will certainly be better . there are several reason for stating this opinion . firstly , the more the knowledge you have , the better you understand it . therefore , knowing more information about the topic help you to understand it more accurately . for example , a the information explored from the universe is increasing , we are having better idea of it . so , i think knowing a particular subject to depth would help a lot in improving our ability in the subject . secondly , we are in a world where the invention and discovery have led to many revolution . so , the information about a particular topic is so abundant that specialising in more than one subject is really difficult . for example , the information about our body is so huge that no one can know it to the brink . so , there ha been specialization in the medicinal field . it is better to know a specific subject confidently rather than knowing more without accuracy . it will be a honour for anyone if your name is stated when the topic is named . because , you know everything or to the maximum about it . for example , some of the professor in the college are famous for the subject they teach only because they are excellent at it . this definitely encourages to know more about that specific subject . moreoften , scientist are famous for their invention and innovation because they make the world quite comfortable . all these scientist mostly concentrate on a particular topic . they do research in a specific topic to demonstrate various experiment . in conclusion , i believe that specialization in one topic would be a better option rather than broad understanding of many topic . it can be seen from the reason stated that better knowledge doe enhances the life of the individual and also the society he/she life in .