there is a prevant topic about if a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel nowadays , which is undergoing serious debate because many people is affected with it in their darily free life . different people hold different opinion depend on there respected sitiuation , past experience , presonality type and emotional concern . quite a few people hold that it is superior to choose that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide rather than travelling by oneself . but others , in contrast , think that travelling with no group and no tour guide is premier option . nevertheless , it is not easy to make . but if i would to choose the best one , it is advisable to follow to travel wihe a group led by a tour guide . in the following discussion , i would like to provide some evidence to support my point of view with three denifite reason . friestly , the significant reason to support my standpoint is that the tour guider can provied u many professional knowledge when we visit some seconeries , especially , the history site . many fact witness and present some example , one of all is the reason why we want to travel a we never know there place . so it is very important to following with a guider . he or she could tell u many story about these palces . i think this example will make you understand my view mo clearly . secondly , in my opinon , travel agency will prepare the travel bus and hotel , so it make u more convenient . for in stance , last year , i travel to the famous lake calld west lake with a group led by a tour guide . when i walked all day around the large lake , i am so tired . then , the bus sent me to the hotel which ha been perpeared . so i could enjoy it 's comfortable rest . if you can understand this case , you may know my view mo deeply . thirdly , the travel with a group could mank many new friend whe travel with u in the same group . it is the last but not the least reason . the true friendship need to take much time together hour and hour . so travel with many people is a good oppotrunity . in conclusion , based on the discussion above . i could belive that travel with a group led by a tour guide is the best way to u .