according to the task to discus wether travelling in a group led by a tour guide might be the best way to travel i would like to say that first of all it is one of the most comon way of travelling . especially japanese are often seen travalling in a huge group . me myself i like to travel alone and disagree because of that with that statement . when travel alone you are independent and you can make your plan by yourself . in big group you have to do what everybody want to do or if there is a tour guide what he planned . most of the time there are no exception . being alone also mean that you get to no other people maybe native people , maybe other visitor . but on the other hand i like a mix of both like taking a tour guide for a day or travelling with others who are interested in seeing the same thing or place . i already traveled alone by myself and it wa the best experience i have ever made . although i made trip with friend , group or my family before i had never so much fun . if you come to a town were you do not know even one person i will have to talk to stragers . and besides i am shy i got to know many people which i would have never met if had been travelling in a group . i made trip with them , what explains that i do not disagree striktly with this statement . what i am sure about is that you learn much more about the country you go to , a if you had gone with a guided group , if you prepare yourself a little . most of the time you can barely find a tour guide which is right qualified to tell you more fact , than if you had informed yourself by book . some might say that this is not true , but i just talk according to the experience i made . `` but is not more safe if you travel in a group ? '' some might ask . i have the opinion that if you do not take to much risk and if you care a little for yourself , you will travel at least with the same safety . on the other hand group of tourist are easier aim of terrorist attack because the follow a strict plan and are easy to hit . but in general i just like to travel no matter how !