i agree with the statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject '' . the reason that make me feel so are a follows : firstly , having a broader knowledge in many subject help u a lot in our everyday activity . after all , the subject we learn are useless unless we know how and where to apply them . we come accross many aspect in our day to day life where in the need for application of knowledge we gained arises . people who have specialized knowledge in one subject will not be able to apply it frequently a the issue would n't always involve the same problem regarding the same subject . we can share our knowledge with many others if we have an idea of all the subject . one can involve himself in a discussion among a group of people if he know few important point about the topic or the subject . people with specialized knowledge are always le in number considering the fact that there are many subject and different people may specialize in different subject . discussions often lead to important revelation that one would be unaware of before that . this is not possible usually when the person ha specialized knowledge a it would be very difficult for such a person to find a similar person with the same specialization to involve himself in a discussion with . another important advantege for people with broader knowledge of many subject is that they would be able to think in many way , in different direction . these people have greater domain knowledge than those with specialized knowledge whose thinking ability would be restricted . people come to conclusion and solve the different problem they face based on what they see , hear and learn . their thought would be provoked higher if the domain on which it is based is large . hence , people with specialized knowledge have their thinking confined to fewer area than those with broader knowledge , though not complete and specialized . the point made above are the reason on which my decision to agree with the given statement lie upon . practical application of knowledge and way of thinking are two important area which are to be concentrated on . when these two issue are considered , along with many others , broader knowledge is recomended a it provides the person with opportunity for further development .