even though sometimes , in particular when travelling for a short amount of time , being in an organized group with a guide can be more effective , i generally prefer to travel on my own . the main reason why i like travelling is the fact that it provides an opportunity to be close to very different people , learn a language and eat new , unusual food . in summary , to experience a different culture . when you travel in a group , you often end up with people from your country , who speak your language and want to eat known food , in known place . also , tour guide generally focus on the typical tourist attraction , because that 's what most people are interested in . this is almost the exact opposite of what i am looking for when i travel . i like to read book about my destination before i travel , so that by the time i am there , i already have a rough mental plan of what i would like to see . doing so offer much more flexibility than traveling in a group . you can choose exactly where to go and when , regardless of what the majority considers interesting . some people like to visit church , others museum or even shopping mall . when you travel in a group you almost always have to find a compromise and rarely end up being completely satisfied . my dream vacation includes plenty of time to wander the street of a new city , without the help of someone who already know the place . i like to get lost in interesting street , to try to interact with local people and to see how they walk , shop and talk in their own country . even when i am not fluent in the local language , i always do my best to use a many word and expression a possible . i find it much more satisfying , than just using english or italian , my mother tongue . based on my experience , i also believe that people react much better when they see that you are travelling on your own and that you respect their culture and try to blend in , instead of being in a large group , looking at them through the reassuring cultural lens of a guide , a if they were exotic animal in a zoo .