`` give me ten young indians and i 'll change the world '' - swami vivekananda i strongly believe that young people are the backbone of any community and i disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . the first participation will always come from the youth be it any type of community work in all the extreme situation . i feel that youth play a major role in shaping of the community and it upliftment on the whole . i would like to present a glaring example for the same . recently our country witnessed the worst tragedy - tsunami which engulfed innumerable life . the sea ravaged the entire coastal strip and people lost their life , family , food and shelter for none of their mistake . i would like to highlight the participation of youth in rehabilitation work in the effected region . india overcame such a crisis with in no time due to the young people who spent sleepless night for the rehabilitation work . young people from all the software company , ngos and student organisation thronged the entire area for rescue operation . i wa also part of my college troop bits - tsumani who participated in the relief measure . not only this be it any crisis , first hand help is always given by the young people . in addition to the crisis management , young people also play a role in moulding their community . just to state a few , they take part in maintaining the cleanliness of the society , security consideration , creating public awareness , health camp and the list is never ending . some active youth organisation like nss , indulge in the rural development . they spread awareness in the rural area and they serve a mean for serving the poor and the needy . at last but not the least i can not forget the young men in the armed force safeguardign our nation risking their own life . my salutation to them always . in the broader sense their might be raising modernisation but the involvement of youth in helping the community can not be under rated .