cars have different meaning for different individual . for some it a neccessity , an object insperable . for others it a status symbol , an object that express their power , success and wealth . what ever might be the perception , a car is surely one of the most fascinating object created by man . when henry ford invented the car , he did not fathom how important it will become in our daily life . the demand is high and the number of car being added on the road is increasing at a dramatic rate . in the developed country a compared to the developing country this rate is much higher . some country take it positively a it an evidence of their economic prosperity . more car on the road implies more earning power for a common man . however , lately the opinion ha been changing a people are starting to realise the adverse effect that are being caused due to car . one of them being traffic jam which are very common in large city like new york , london or new delhi . a lot of time get wasted due to this reason , a driver get stuck in them . people have surely realised this problem and are preferring car pooling , bus or even bicycle a mean of commuting . this mean that in future there is a big possiblity of reduction of the number of car on road a the other medium would mean reaching the destination faster . one other factor is noise and air pollution being caused by car . this is a very big problem for people who live close to a main road where the density of car is very high . on the other hand it is also a nuisance for the car driver or the passenger a the pollution cause harm to their health . imagine , monday morning when everyone go to work , the traffic jam and pollution start the day . this will surely lead to a decline in the number of car . another strong reason could be the rising fuel consumption which is increasing the fuel price . this is making people to look out for alternative medium to travel . this will surely lead to a decrement in the number of car a people would prefer buying a bus pas which would prove to be lighter on their pocket a compared to purchasing fuel for their car . even if an alternative cheap fuel is invented , increase in traffic jam and pollution will definitely lower the number of car . finally , the number of accident being caused by car are inreasing day by day . due to this reason people are preferring train and bus which are comparitively safer . all the major reason mentioned above will surely bring a drop in the number of car , and twenty year down the line we can expect fewer car in use than there are today .