in my opinion , the statement `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are '' is absolutely true . it may depend on the product , how much influence the advertising campaign have - but for most product in consumer market it is true . let 's have a look at an example : there 's a commercial for chocolate on german television . that chocolate is delivered in golden paper and is a litte bit more expensive than all the other available product . now what would be an appropriate commercial for that product ? right - a man looking like james bond , having a party in the back garden of his huge expensive house and beeing accompanied by beautiful young girl . and that 's exactly what that whole advertising campaign is like . but why doe it have to be like that ? no one would want to buy that product if they saw ordinary people - for instance an elderly couple sitting on their couch - on television , eating that chocolate . as stated above , it 's nearly the same with all kind of consumer product : computer , car , beer , even razor blade or tooth paste . to be honest - nearly all kind of razor blade are the same , there is no unique selling proposition . so the company use the advertisement to make the difference . you can see a well shaped guy shaving his mustache and his young girl friend watching him . or they tell you that the new wilkinson shaver ha now four razor blade instead of three . the commercial on tv tell you , that you must have that shaver because it ha four razor - no need to prove that it 's really an advantage to have four razor instead of three . what 's used to make those product much better than they actually are are emotion . that specific beer shown on tv must taste better than the others - you are like those wild guy who are having fun in the commercial . since that new suv is standing on the top of a big hill in that advert , it must be better than the old model that you 're driving at the moment . may be - may be not ! but the fact that you see that certain picture produce desire for that product . even when the suv shown on the picture is n't any better at all - it look much better than all the others do . and that 's exactly why most company make their product appear much better in advertisement than they are in reality : it 's working !