although there are surely exception , i agree with the statement that young people in general enjoy life more than older people do . there are different reason why i state this opinion . first young people do n't take life and their life-time so serious , they often do n't even think about it . because of their youth they have the feeling that they have plenty of time left , so they are very free to spend it on whatever they like to . enjoying life often mean to take time for something that is not neccesary but that make being alive more fun . young people do not hesitate to spend time for travelling , party , visiting friend and so on . thus they enjoy life more than older people who often do n't seem to have spare time . this lead u to another reason why young people acutally have the possibility to enjoy life easier . as long a they go to school or study they do n't have to work the whole day like older people have to . they just have more free time to deal with and they are most likely not a tired in the evening a older people are after having worked many hour . as a result older people will probably prefer to sleep on such evening instead of doing something they really enjoy , although the next day will again start with working . furthermore there is one important thing which distinguishes young people from older people . in general young people do not have so much responsibility . they often live at home where their family look after them and they must not worry about money , food , insurance and thing like that . older people who live on their own , perhaps have an own family and must earn the money to pay the living , have much more responsibility and often also worry . so enjoying life in this situation is more difficult which is perhaps a reason why many older people have problem doing it . nevertheless i think especially a an older person who ha to manage life in so many way it should be an aim to enjoy it at the same time or at least most of the time . onle then it is worth living .