i partially agree with statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . they are more after creating a comfortable niche for themselves even if it may demand seclusion from the community they came from . but the scenario is slowly changing . the first thing which may be useful to analyse is the focus of the young people today . where are they looking themselves after 10 year of their study ? will their work help the community they come from ? today 's generation is more interested in high profile job which will help them earn more . these are area like software programming , telecommunication , research lab etc . very few people are today interested in taking up position in the non govermental association which work for the community on a no profit basis . also , it ha been noticed few people actually want to become professor at university and this ha even led to the shortage of faculty at certain educational institute . thus there is a slow drift from the job which actually work for the community . some people may argue that an indian researcher at microsoft research is contributing to the community besides a comfortable life also . but the bigger question is if the new technology built by him be available to the indian below poverty line and that too at a easible cost . clearly no . thus , if young need to contribute to their community through their work , the work must be focussed and not just a pretence for such an argument . most of the young after completing their graduate education take up the lucrative job offer abroad . these includes high profile banking job , research lab position , or even the job that are similar to that in their own country but are `` abroad '' . these people , the non resident citizen ( nrc ) then give grant to the government and feel satisfied that they have done their bit towards the community . but actually a large fraction of this money go directly into the pocket of a few corrupt politician . the money could have been well utilized if the nrc could have come down to his own country , spent some time there and looked after the utilization of his grant . but that is the foremeost question . the generation today doe not have `` time '' . the mindset of the young clearly need to be changed . on the other hand , many institute around the world today have realized this need of student having to contribute to the society that actually built them . for example , the indian institutes of technology have started a scheme where it is the part of curriculum of the student to actually spend some time doing some service to the society . this includes going in the school and taking class , working for better living condition by taking up sanity project in the nearby underdeveloped colony . though the student were intially skeptical towards scheme called the national service scheme , but now they have realized the importance of this work and are coming forward to take up various project . such scheme if implemented , can bring about the change in the attitude of the young . focussed more on career , the young generation today is losing it focus from contributing to the society they have actually come from . they tend to delve into the comfort of their own life that helping the community around them . this ha to change if society need to progress . however , many attempt in various part of the world have initiated this process of changing the mindset of the young and have been successful . the young have now started to realize their responsibility and to share with the community what it ha given to them .