advertising a product is an effective way for company to increase their revenue by displaying their product or service in various way ( tv commercial , poster , show , etc . .. ) . it can be argued that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . advertisements will never show the disadvantage or problem with a product that is being displayed . the company of the specific product will only show the positive side of the picture , whereby they will exaggerate upon the advantage of the product . this is only natural , a they are trying to sell their product and in order to accomplish this , they need to catch the eye of the consumer . for example , advertisement or commercial of suvs are always over-the-top . they will show their suvs going on the worst possible terrain , showing how effective they are and they will always point out small detail that make it `` the best in the world '' or `` better than their rival '' . they also point out that their suv is the one for everyone . that may not be neccessarily true , a everybody ha their own taste and not everybody is forced to like the same thing . the specific advertisement i talked about will never show how reliable the suv is or what problem one can encounter compared with it 's rival . whenever a price is given of the product ( for example an suv ) , that price is usually the basic model or the minimum that wo n't get the consumer much . in other word , they are cheating in a way because a consumer who becomes interested in the suv will find out that for all the facility the suv ha in the advertisement , there will be a big increase in the money paid from the price given in the advertisement . the company know how weak the consumer can be once a successful advertisement of a product is given and will therefore make the product look like it 's the ultimate thing to have . their only aim is to make the consumer buy the product . they do not neccessarily care about what happens after the purchase , a the company ha already benefited from the profit being made . all of the above support my opinion on agreeing with the statement that most advertisement do make product seem much better than they actually are , a they do not give the consumer a clear idea of what the product is really like .