the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community is although a little extreme , yet correct . i agree with this statement to a large extent . firstly , young people living in this world of capitalism , are very materialistic . success today is judged by the amount of money , or luxury of life that a person ha , and the young people are greatly influenced by this fact . young people work towards getting glamourous and high profile job . they concentrate mostly on personal gain and do not give enough time for community activity . secondly , some young people are influenced by the violence and crime depicted in film and on television . a lot of crime nowadays are committed by young people . these young people are unemployed and have a tendency to commit illegal act for money . some young people are influenced by radical ideology and join anti-social , and terrorist outfit . some might argue that young people do help their community by helping and working for non-governmental organisation such a the p.e.t.a , old age home and orphanage . yet others might cite that some young people are involved in developmental activity for their community and a such , are not absolutely materialistic . these fact are true and factual , yet in my opinion , there are not enough young people involved in the noble and social activity stated above to fully support and generalise the claim . finally , a lot of survey conducted by various agency clearly show that the young people prefer money , social status , sex , glamour and a strong education a lot more than they prefer helping their community . some young people do have a desire to help their community , but do not take the step towards realisation of this desire due to a lack of time and commitment . to sum , most young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . some help their community , but in my opinion the majority do not help and this is the reason why i feel that the statement , although a little extreme , is still correct .