touring should be done with a touring guide . primarily a tour guide is necessary to cover all the place planned ; to keep the time always in tact a it is a most vital factor in all the tour ; communciation skill ; general knowledge about the place of our visit etc . first and foremostly the coverage of all place can only be achieved if guided appropriately . tours are not planned frequently and if given an option the option should be utilized to the fullest extent . basic idea of any tour itenary will have the place of visit . coverage of all the planned place is very necessary for it to become a very sucessful one . without appropriate guide the coverage can not be achieved or in better word it is difficult to achieve . tour guide will know the operational hour of any place . consider you liked to visit a park , a boat house - everything ha operational hour and knowing all the operational hour is very difficult . though the information can be gathered prior to the tour , all the information thus gathered may not be very true . there might be false information if the information wa obtained from the internet medium or a old paper clipping . a tour guide will obviously know about the operational hour , best time to visit and cost of the visit . second important factor is the place of stay . choosing an accomodation is the most important aspect of any tour . accomodation should be cost effective , near to the place in the itenary and the environment should be very good . choosing an accomodation all by ourselves without a guide may seem plausible but there is no gurantee that the place selected would have all the quality a enumerated above . the next factor would be communciation skill . consider you are touring on a place where they speak a foreign language which you have n't come across . language play a major role while going to new place a without that it would be an unseeming task of covering all the place in the itenary and reaching the destination in time . speaking about the time - time is a very important factor . even if the tour wa planned with buffer time it might not be possible to reach a place due to various practical reason . tour guide will solve all those problem . climate and other conditional factor to your favorite destination is important . we may have decided on place based on various source . may be from our friend , our relative and from the great internet and other medium . all the information may not be correct about the climate . say you are going for a fall drive . you will know the place is better in fall . without any guidance the exact practical scenario can not be predicted . it ha really happened to me . i wa once on a trip to `` vermont '' for the fall scenic drive . though i knew the colour of tree would be awesome pretty le i knew about the time at which the leaf will shed . hence always in any tour a touring guide is mandatory . assistance always make thing easier . it will not be a bad idea to grab an option if it is available . i would like to state a personal experience wherein we planned for a big trip to a hill station without a tour guide . there were fifty peple in number and we planned to visit number of place . because of the lack of a tour guide we managed to visit only fewer place and that too we could n't spend much time in all place . as there were even girl in the trip we chose a better accomodation on the first day and second day we settled with a mean place . first day stay wa very expensive a it wa too luxurious to stay and second day stay wa so mean that people could even barely sleep . next most worrying and disgusting thing wa we could n't get food a we thought . people like various kind of food and it wa a hard time to satisfy all the people . thus for any tour a touring guide is mandatory . tour guide a described about will have a vast knowledge of the place we visit and he/she would make the best out of our plan . to really see the value our money tour should be enjoyed with a tour guide .