i will totally agree that it is really it is really important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . understanding idea and concept ha led to new invention in the modern life . it is really important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . for example newton 's law of motion which is the basis of physic . newton 's law of motion can only be understood when the person actually understand the logic behind . one of his law state that to every action there is an equal and opposite reaction . this concept can only be understood when you do it practically . just by learning the fact doe not pay . when this concept is used in practical lab , the concept become more clear . the person will never forget these concept throughout his lifetime when implied practically . another perfect example which tell that understanding idea and concept are really important . everyone of u know about , the value of accerlation due to gravity . this value wa established by sir newton . everybody know that value because it is a learned fact . he found this value while putting his idea and concept . he wa sitting under an apple tree . the apple fell from the tree and newton started thinking about the speed at which might the apple have felled . he conducted many practical experiment which lead to the value . hence it show how important is to understand idea and concept . another example will be that of telesa , one of the best electrical engineer . it wa his concept and idea that developed the principle of alternating current . because of this , power can be transmitted to long place . so it is really important to have stress on understanding idea and concept . in the end , i think it is really important for the student to give stress on understanding idea . they should put stress on the concept that developed those fact . by stressing on concept and idea , new modern technology will be developed and that will be an advantage for human life .