is the best way to travel is going on a trip in a group led by a tour guide ? if you are asking my opinion , my answer would be no . i have experienced both travelling by myself and travelling with a tour guide , and , now , i will give you a couple of reason why you should travel alone . first of all , when you travel by yourself , you will have all the freedom in the world during your travel . i am not talking about walking down the street by yourself kind of freedom , what i am talking about is freedom to choose what to do , where to go , and what to eat , see , or experience . i am sure the tour guide will provide you an excellent tour course for you to enjoy with your group . however , tour course will be just that , the tour course . hundreds , or maybe thousand of people may have already been to those place . is that what you want ? enjoying an experience that the rest of the world already know ? if i were you , i would love to go some place that no one ha gone before , or the place that the local enjoy , not the tourist enjoy . maybe , you will be able to find and make a local friend while you are enjoying a meal that are popular amongst local . would that be possible if you were a member of a group who are follwoing the tail of the tour guide ? also , how can you guarantee that you will be a member of a group consist of only nice and charming guy and girl ? you will be stuck with these people for a week or even for a month , what if some of them are just unpleasant people ? let 's say you are sharing a room with one of your group member , what if he snore like thunder ? i am pretty sure that is not going to be a pleasant travelling moment . if you travel alone , you wo n't have to worry about any of that . yes , you might feel lonely , you might need someone to depend on during your travel , but is n't that what the travel is all about ? if you did not want to feel lonely and be supported by your friend , you could have just stayed at your home ! people always look for easier and more comfortable way to travel . i agree that group tour maybe le demanding and easier way to travel new place . however , think about what you actually want to acquire during your travel . is it few fancy picture of you with nice looking background ? or , is it once in a lifetime experience that you will remember for the rest of your life ? if it is the later that you want , you need to travel by yourself , and experience it for yourself .