`` successful people are people who try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' is a saying that i agree with for many reason . in this essay i will name the three main reason why i argue in favor of that statement . truthfully , i want to put forward the opinion that people can only develop themselves and be happy in their life if they have to take some risk . one example come to my mind : after my college , i could have decided to study at a general university because it wa easy for me to pas the entrance exam . rather than doing this , i decided to sit for the business school entrance exam , which were really more difficult . it wa risky because it assumed that i would have to bear two year of hard-working , to bear a strong pressure an also to bear the risk of failing the exam . finally , i worked hard and today i 'm still proud of me because i have succeed the business school exam : i have learn from my failure andi have get over the difficulty . i mean , it is too boring not to try new thing and not to go through some crisis ! moreover , in a more general point of view , i think it is worthwhile to stay current and open-minded . i would argue that point by telling that always doing what you already now could be risky and have some negative effect not only in your professional but also in your social life . if you are too wise , that mean that you have not the desire to stay current and modern . in my opinion , it is very important to be interested in other and new way of thinking and living . for instance , i would love to live and work in china for a while : it would be `` risky ' because i would notice that there are different way to work in a firm a in france , i will have to learn new way of collaborating and negociating . it could be difficult at the beginning but i will learn so much from this experience !! the third point is a financial point ! i wa educated in a close-knit family were my parent always push u to climb the social ladder . the more you climb , the more you earn money . the more more you climb , the more exciting you are ! as a conclusion , i would tell that trying new thing and taking risk is the best way of approaching the life for personal , social and financial reason .