young people and older people have same quality of life . the only difference between the two group of people are that young people are more active whereas older people are le mobile . however , there is no limit to enjoying life . therefore , i believe that young people and elderly enjoy life similarly . young people have more passion , dream , and ambition . they enjoy life by their own way . for example , young enjoy life by going for drive , club , bar , or many different kind of activity available . they may enjoy life more enthusiastically and with more thrill , however , elderly also get the same joy out of simpler thing . there are numerous available activity for elder . the city support elder by building senior home and providing other servieces such a bingo . older people get together often to drink tea , talk about book that they have read , share recepies , or talk in general . all people are unique and thus they enjoy different activity . some might like to play basketball , some might like reading , some might like to listen to music . therefore , enjoying their favourite activity differs . for example , an older person reading a book in a chair can feel the same joy a a young man playing basketball . thus , there are no such thing a enjoying life more than others . although there are more variety of activity for a young person to enjoy his life , the same can be done by an older person . nowadays , with the medical advance , human ' life span ha increased considerably . the population of the elderly is increasing . following this increase , there are increase in activity which are only meant for older people . for example , my grandmother recently found a facility which is only for senior . now she go there regularly to swim , talk with her friend and to participate in choir . as explained above , one can enjoy one 's life according to one 's own like and dislike . it depends on their personality , not on the age . there are many way to enjoy life a a young person or a an older person . one should find those way and enjoy life to the fullest .