success attracts people in our society with the largely diffused `` success-stories '' of business men since the 1980s and the boom of the stock exchange markets and the it economy , people are more and more attracted by starting from the zero point and getting to the highest position of recognition . our world more and more globalized ha showed that new idea for improving our way of living are welcomed and are often succesful . the concept from microsoft/apple ( make our life simpler with a computer ) , ryan air , lidl , or ikea ( give the capability to most of the people to buy their product by cutting price ) seem easy to find . also , people who travel around the globe use their experience in order to make up an idea and implement it in their country of origin . the example of tv programme such a `` big brother '' , `` the weakest link '' or `` who want to be a millionaire '' is particularly relevant in that case . however , the medium power is really strong and may be able to take u away from reality . indeed , the success of one single person is hiding the bankrupty of many others . loads of employed people quit their job every year in order to create their own business believing it is going to be successful . unfortunatly , for most of them , the balance between the risk taken and the probability of success is not equal . most of the `` start ups '' go bankrupt only 3 year after they started in most of the developed country . consequences can be really bad . debts can lead many people to many more obscure issue . it is therefore really important to measure the risk taken when a venture is taken . that is the purpose of most of course in management and business . i am actually currently undertaking one degree related to this field and we do learn how to measure opportunity and risk on any market . we also learn that most our society work a a market , where supply and demand are the key-elements . the most famous of this market among the employment market or the ressources market is the financial market where the more you take some risk , the more probability the profit will be high .