i do agree with the statement . in today fast moving world everybody want to step ahead . everybody want succes and make progress . young people are so busy with their study that they forgett their responsiblity towards their community . all are so busy studying that they have no time leftover for extra activity . they were our parent and grandparent who use to do this job perfectly . if not study young people are busy with their college , class , homework and all . and if not thae they are busy with their friend , movie , partner , or just freeking out and having fun and enjoying their day , forgetting about their duty towards their community . this is something called generation gap . they are now no more interested in doing such social work . they find it boring and waste of time . we all should take some measure towards it to try to explain the young generation that helping to our community is so very important . we should offer an helping hand and do something beneficial for them . we should not only help our community but also to our friend family and to all who need u who need our help . we should regularly visit orphanage , blindhome , widowhome , and ask them if they need something from u . we should spend some time with them and see that their life is so painful and full of sorrow . we should be responsible towards our community and our people . we should try to bring smlie and happiness on their face . we should talk to them tell them what is going around in the world and advise them to do right thing . share our own experience with them so they feel nice about them . a we are responsible towards our daily life we should show our responsiblity towards our community too . a they need u . afterall , helping is a good deed . we should also teach our younger generation too to help our community we need to inculcate such value in child so that they can bring a bright future , with flying colour . we should give sometime from our busy schedule a our duty to such people and help them . this can bring smile and happiness on tjeir face . seeing thst we will be happy too and prosper our society .