after careful scrutiny the statement `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' render to be unconvincing a it stand . first of all people in young age will yet be premature and they are in such stage where they will be facing the ebb and tide of life whereas old people have crossed all these stage of their life . young people will be struggling with their study and then to make it high in their life . the argument is premature a it is cited that old people enjoy more than young people . they might party during weekend with friend and think that is enjoying while passing through all kind of stress like thinking about the grade they might get , nearing deadline of their assignment , fight with friend while the old people have nothing of this sort to do and they have the whole day to laze about . after study they might be thinking what to do next , searching for a proper job to settle down and even if they land in a job they will be required to complete project within the pertained deadline and that will consume many sleepless night . they wo n't be having much time to spend with family and due to frustration they will be shouting at people . they will also have the problem of jealous colleague , a complaining bos who is never satisfied with the work . moreover the child will be nagging to take them on a holiday . the young people are prone to endless blue . they will be feared of what the bos might say a they were running late to the office . in sum there are lot more problem the young people face while the old people can spend time in each others company a they have full leisure after retirement and a elder citizen they are respected a lot . they have gone through all these problem in life already . they can plan holidays and surprise for others a are free from all those burden which the young face . finally the old people should not be seen a crutch that dissuade the society but must be treated with respect and in comparision they enjoy more than the younger lot in their prime time .