this time we are living at competition world . which mean everyone ha challenging each other . absoluly there is the winner or loser in the competition . but when that person heard some ` good job ' or somethings like good advertisement , that person get more power and more progress than that person 's own abillity . firstly , do not say bad thing about that situation , when someone gor bad situation . because their already know they did bad job , but if some person keep telling you did bad job , you mess up everything , the person who made a bad situation , get more sadly and not powerful enough to try again . for example , old people say failure is mother of success . which mean if you made mistake , you will know that situation and how to get out of that situation , like answer . then next time when you gaet that same bad situation , you donot have to spend time foe thinking about get out of that bad situation . so they can success next time . so if make more advertisement to who fail something , that failer going to be make more good jor next time over their own abillities . secondly , advertisement , that is one of the way to looking good for the product . for example , some product are very not useful and not help enough . but if that product ha advertisement , that product seem much betterthat they really are . because it is like feedback for people . make a rumor , this product are really good , than people going to throuw away the bad think about that product from their mind . and they will think like , this product are much better than they know before . thirdly , advertisement make product more trustly . for example , this time of the century , people believing people 's talk . nevertheless some people doesnot . but almost people believe and trust each other their own word and rumor . so if people make rumor about the product so trustly , then the product going to seem much tustly than they really are . so i think most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . in conclusion , rumor , or in people 's conversation , it make more trust or seem good to people for the product . and i toally agree about most advertisement make product seem much better and truster than they really are . they can seem their over abillities .