i do agree with the previous statement . on television we can always see how great current or new product are or work . the producer want to make u buy only their product and they present it a the best one ever . mostly they also add that their product are especially cheap and that it is necessary to buy it , because without them the customer were helpless . a very good example is soap for washing the dish . in the advertisement the customer is told that the dish will be extremely clean and shiny after cleaning with that soap . and usually they compare it to the worse ` current ' and ` usual ' soap . if the customer is convinced by that advertisement he will buy the product , use it and usually see that it doe not work a good a the advertisement had told him . he could have also bought the cheaper one from the other store . another and similar example is soap for washing clothes . in the advertisement the customer is told that this product will wash the clothes cleaner and ` whiter ' than any other product he can find . the customer will go through the same process i have mentioned above . also a good example is paste for colouring the hair . in the advertisement is shown how good the product will cover the original hair colour . the customer is convinced and buy the product , but when he us it he ha to notice that the new colour can not cover the original one the way he would like to . one example is also organized tour or holiday . the organisation offer very cheap tour to nice country with stay in a nice hotel and flight included . thus they want to make customer use there organisation and those are often paid by hotel to bring cutomers there . but often it happens that the hotel is much worse than it had been described or the arroundings do not look a nice a on the picture . and the pool described a ` next to the hotel and very nice pool ' look dirty and is far too small for all the hotel guest . additional to that the food might be bad or the hotel ha only two instead of four star . producers use that way of advertisement to get close to the customer and to offer them what those want , but usually the product look much nicer , only to make them attractive to the people .