in class , student learn not only the fact but also the `` idea '' or `` concept '' that can be pulled out from the fact . i strongly agree the statement that it is more improtant for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . first , diffrent from learning only fact , if we understand idea and concept throughly , we can apply the knowledge to our life . for example , if we only know the fact that franklin d. roosevelt built new deal in history , it 's just the fact a it is . but if we understand how and why franklin d. roosevelt built new deal policy and how it effected to american reneissance , we can apply to our life a we change ourselves a roosevelt changed his country step by step in history . we can be impressed and motivated by understanding detail about fdr 's new deal and accepted him a american hero . like the exampels , learning the fact is not enough to challenge ourselves . we have to throughly understand what idea or concept the text book provides . secondly , understanding idea and concept will create a new fact that can be the great resource for the future . we have to learn from history , and prepare for future . if one have idea and concept from history , it can be reformed to more innovative idea and concept . for example , lots of designer read many article and magazine and see picture from design book and try to immitate it . if they stop trying in the moment they just saw other designer 's idea , the design will stay a it is now . but from the past design , designer rethink about it and create a novel complete idea from it . this is how the design wa developed and will be developed in the future . as i indicate in a example of design , understanding the a idea or concept is the first step to remodel and develop this world . we have to accept the idea or concept from resourses the world ha now , and recreate it with more imagination and sophistication . because of this two reason , i belive understainding idea and concept is much more important than just knowing fact from text . to develop oursevles and the world , we have to pay attention more to `` idea '' and `` concept '' rather than fact .