concerning the fact to imply oneself in community life , young people probably feel a lack of trust in the authority and do n't want to participate any ; ore to the social life . the first thing to notice is that we nowadays live in an individual society . it mean young people have to do their best to succeed in their own life and do n't have to care about others . of course , it would be quite disappointing to state that everybody behaves this way . i think there is a feeling of solidarity which is growing more and more . however , we should face the reality . helping others is a form of generosity , and generosity is generally totally free . the problem is that it is the only free thing in our way of life . young people have to work hard , either at school to get a good employment later , or just already a an employee . and you guess that working take time . so should young people prefer helping others for free or working to make a livind and assure themselves a better life , to live in our current consumtion society . helping others wa apparently a kind of tradition before , and a said above , the way of life ha changed . that creates a major mentality gap between young and elderly people . we now assist to a serious misunderstanding between generation , because our priority have been remade . helping for older people is , i guess , accomplish small action , a for example , supporting someone who ha got some physical problem , in daily life . young people obviously can do it , but if a survey would compare behaviour of different generation , there is no doubt that kind of behaviour ha decreased . however , i think through work and study , young generation is planning the best solution for it future . by producting , selling , buying , i should say working , that is to our national economy that we provide an advantage . and i am sure the country survival will enable to create appropriated service . or even , if young people are glad to be this country , they will be granted of a new quality : generosity !