i would agree that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . there is a saying that `` experience is the best teacher '' . a person who is very successful must experience more in different way and learn how to survive in different environment and not afraid of risk . i will explain my opoins from the following aspect . first of all , one of the most important character that a successful person should have is curiousity and a desire about learning new thing . normally a new opportunity , new atmosphere and new people around can bring new sense and new pentientail for a person . for example , a very famous chinese writer lu xun . he used to be a doctor , but he realized that doctor can only treat people 's sick instend of thinking . so tried to start writing article and book , then his book influenced a generation of chinese in 1920s . secondly , a a successful person , he must be very brave and taking risk in all different circumstance . for example , chairman mao is a tipical successful leader who wa always taking risk in this world . he led chinese people to stand up and build a new country in the east asia . thirdly , i do n't think that a person who always keep a position and never try new thing in his life will be successful . keeping doing one thing for long time , people will become lazy and increative . they just want to do the daily thing and never think about do some different from others . on the other hand , i also think that persistance is an very important character that a successful person should have . for example , a scientist is doing lot of study and research focusing on specific field and progects . the job itself requires that he must know how to deal with his study and also must know how to do well . it is essencial for a scientist that he must be pacient and concentrate on something instead of trying new thing and taking risk . in a nutshell , the successful people should have an couragement and disire for trying new thing . it is an important part for a successful person to take risk in order to get new opponities and petential so that he can make a difference in this worls .