learing is a complex process . it includes understanding idea , concept , learing process , and getting the fact . there are discussion about which is more important during the learing process . i think it 's more important for student to understand idea and concept than just to know the fact . as is known to all , during learning , we should not just care about the result , we should also care about the important idea and concept underlying the result . we should make clear that we know how we can get the result , that 's how we can go through the understanding idea , integrating concept , and making derivarition to get the result . nowadays , because of the study competition , student care much about the grade they can get . during study , sometimes , they just want to get the right answer without knowing why it come to this not another . sometime , they even just memorize the result a to get the right mark in the test . this is contradictory with the real goal of learing . facts are important , but the idea and concept we should learn through the process of getting fact are more important . so the student should not just satisfied with the right fact , they had better pursue the right process through which we can get the right answer . learing prepare u the background , knowledge and technology for our future work . this includes the idea and concept those are strongly confirmed . the fact are just one kind of method to help u understand idea and conepts better . the fact for different situation are different . even we know the right fact at this time , if we ca n't master the method and technology gaining from the basic idea and concept which are used to get the fact , we wo n't get success in our future work . in future practical condition , everything is new , every problem is like a stranger to u . we ca n't use the fact we memorized before to get the conclusion , we should try our best to use the idea and concept we have mastered to get the new conclusion . in conclusion , i think it 's more important for student to understand idea and concept than it 's for them to learn fact .