there are many reason to think that the number of car will decrease in twenty year . but this statement is probably too optimistic . many thing must be taken in consideration to know if this statement is realistic . one important reason for the idea that it will be le car in the future is that ecology is taking more and more place is our life , this will make the consumer drive le or use public transportation . maybe instead of having two car family will only have one . these change in our behaviour are caused also by the policy of the gouverments . they will tend to create law that will protect the environment . their goal will be to lower the use of car increasing tax ( london 's dool ) , promoting a more efficient public transportation or limitating the place were car can go ( an example will be to forbid car in some street down town ) . the problem of the statement is that it maybe only refers to occidental country ( europe and north america ) . actually china and india are growing very fast . this will mean that globaly it will be more car in the future . development will mean that all the people that could not buy a car will now be able to do it . and china and india are two very big market . in north america and europe the economy can not grow so fast , car consumption will not grow that much . another raison why it will not be le car in the future is that even if a lot of money is used in the public transport the structure of the communication will not change in twenty year . our country are built around the car , we will need more than twenty year to change that and car at actually the only option in most of the case ( an example can be the person that life in the suburb : if he doe not have a good option to replace his car he will not do it ) . as we can see the objective is to reduce the number of car . the problem is that car are everywhere and twenty year will not be enough to really observe that there are le car . maybe the number will just be the same a now .