this issue of whether successful people would like to try new thing and take risk or only to do what they already know how to do well is meaningful but contentious since different people could hold vastly diverse view because of their respective background . on the one hand , some might insist that doing what people have learned is more important ; on the other hand , others might claim that learning to try new idea and thought is more crucial . although the former advice ahs some value , i vote the latter one . in the following discussion , i employ three line of reasoning to support my position . first of all , the main idea that could be presented to develop my position is that learning to try new thing could advance one 's thinking . obviously , we easily can find a common case that some expert say that trying to think more new thing and idea greatly help people to improve their way of critical thinking . in this case , it is quite marked that both actual experience and common sense could inform u of the notion that the applicability of this idea would be highly agreeable among people . second , another point that i select to stress some concers is that learning to try new thing mean a positive attitude toward the life 's challenge . for example , a csae that could use to justify my opinion is that all successful business people always want to try the new idea to create their own business and to solve the major problem that they face . thus , this point should be well applied to other condition , thereby forming a creditable standard for assessment of one 's ability . finally , on no account can we ignore the important factor that learning to try new thing stand for one 's ability to handle different difficulities before we make an overall summary . it is universally believed that this prospective might be regarded a nothing but an obscure idea in the current would . however , a case that could prove the imprtance and the influence of this factor is that there are more and more unpredictable situation that could only be sloved by those who would like to break up the old mode and to try to create the new one . when the pro and con of each choice are all well checked and comprehensively evaluated , the most striking conclusion would be well-reasoned and well-founded . to sum up , given the reason and example discussed above which sometimes intertwine to form an organic whole and thus becme more persuasive , we could conclude that only kowing how to learn new thing from trying to do them could lead a person to become successful in the current business world .