the topic of usage of car in the coming year is quite controversial . on one hand the reducing fuel and correspondingly increasing price are a threatening forecast about the reducing usage of car in the coming year . while on the other hand the ever increasing craze for new and powerful car in perpetual . but after a comprehensive analysis i come to a conclusion that the in the next twenty year their will be a certain incrimination in usage of car . the relish that one enjoys while driving is not easy to interpret in word . i mean increasing interest in car had led to some popular personality like michael shumacher and kimi raikkonen . they are being idealised not because they world champion and have too much money to count but because of the driving craze among youngster . the improved car are more powerful then one would have imagined some decade ago . well , this is what teenager look for isnt it , they have fun driving swiftly and i dont think their interest in going to abate . not just the youngster but every age group enjoys a ride . it certainly the most comfortable way of commuting . everyone enjoys freedom of a ride which obviously will not be realized in a bus or a tram . and of course the safety reason is what we expect while driving , a the new technology keep an affirmitive of safety of passenger ( air bag ) . well , pretty blatantly more safer then bike if one is going to consider that option . but the reducing fuel resource and considerable increase in price can not be overlooked . the reducing oil resource which wont last for more than a couple of century are certainly a predicament . but here is the the modern scientist `` even they can not imagine a world without car '' have discovered new technology a a source of fuel for car . firstly the electric car wa invented but since the power output could not queer the society , the scientist did not finish their quest . they further devised hydrogen run car . and today the hybrid car with even better performance then the typical that are being used foe decade ( oil run car ) . so , all the discussion held above infers to the very pleasing fact that car are perpetual not just for next twenty year but many yeasr to come . and even if we come through some obstruction , our resourceful scientist will provide it with perputation .