young people are just beginning to live , while the elderly population have many experience , both good and bad who have shaped the person they have become . some might say that young people enjoy life more because they can do whatever they please , they have the world at their foot . every person will eventually , become old and all they wil have left is the memory of their early day . young people might be able to do thing like running , swimming , jumping faster and with more energy than the elder but there will be one time when all this energy will run out and they will become old . nothing is forever and we can not get too much of a good thing . life is short and we have to learn to to live it to it fullest always living every moment a if it were the last . both young and old people can enjoy life up to the highest level if they set their mind to it . i have recently begun to read a book called , `` tuesdays with morrie '' by mitch albom and it ha really changed my opinion of life . morrie is mitch 's old college professor and he is dying of a rare disease . you would probably expect to see morrie in a bed , feeling sorry for himself and letting his soul fall into the shadow before it is time . many people that are sick with a disease that ha no cure give up easily and they wish they were young and full of life again . we all get a chance to be young . it is up to u to take advantage of it . getting back to the book , morrie wa a really exceptional person because he refused to fall into the ordinary pattern of dying before it is time . instead he tried to live what wa left of this life at it fullest which , in my opinion is a really remarkable thing to do because not everyone ha such amazing strength of character . how can someone know that young people enjoy life more than old people ? it is not possible to know this . nowadays , the young generation care more about thing that might seem important , such a getting a job that pay really well . we forget that the thing that we might sometimes take for granted may be the most important thing to u . everyone can enjoy life at every age a long a they just live it , one day at a time . older people might sometimes enjoy life more than young people because they might remember to eliminate the unimportant , materialistic aspect fo life and embrace the most important thing in every human being life : love .