i completely agree with the statement that ` succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well ' . in today 's world successful person is not the only one who ha lot of money or is very weel know , it is somebody who ha done something different from the others . there is nothing great if you repeat something that is already being done by somebody else . successful people try new thing who move ahead and in a different direction then everybody else do . taking for example the case the ` dhiubhai ambani ' who is today being called a the successful person even though he is not present , just because he did different and tried a new thing that is the reson reliance is so popular today . the new care taker of the reliance company are the son of it establisher so we can not call them a equally successful a their father a they have just simply taken over his bussiness . what dhiru bhai did wa unmatchable with the work of his son a he started the bussiness with not much of money in his hand whereas the two of them now are just spreading an already established bussiness . taking risk is another part of success a it is a well saying ' more the risk involved , more the chance of success ' . as one can also see that a good thing always involves high amount of risk . to achieve good thing one have to go through a series of risk involved a according to another saying ' to get the rose you have to suffer the pain of being hurt ' , and to get the success the risk ha to be taken no matter how painful it can be . risks are involved in every new thing or you can say that risk is an internal part of every success one want to achieve . if nobody would have been ready to take risk there would not have been any new invention . to be successful in life one have to go thorough one or some other kind of risk . otherwise success would have been very easy without risk and every person would have been successful or you can say that every person would have been at the same level . success involves risk . suppose during the britisher rule over india if every person espacially our freedom fight leader would not have came forward considering the risk involved and would have lived the way the ruler wanted them to then would we have ever got independence ? ofcourse not , thats why to became successful and get the independence they had to take the risk of their life . we can also consider the example of economics in which we say ` higher the risk involved i