today almost evey adult ha a car . most people use their car eveyday , for essential thing such a going to work or driving to a supermarket to buy food . a car is an element of daily life . of course in city where there is a good public transport system , people do not need a car for their daily life . but in more rural area or city where puplic transport is not very effective , there is the need of car . reasons to reduce the number of car are to protect the environment and the fact that car and fuel are getting more and more expensive . maybe in some year there are no more a many people a today who can afford a car . on the other hand there is the fact that business and working life get more and more flexible , spontaneous and individal , and the need to get to a specific place in a short time increase . and we should not forget the industrial branch that produce car . weighing these point , i came to the conclusion that i do not think the number of car will decrease . i want to point out that i think it would be a better development for life on earth if there would be fewer car in twenty year , but i do not think this will happen . today industry that produce car is still a growing business , and i can not imagine that this would change in the next few decade . i study geodesy , and something that i could do later is developing navigation system . an example where navigation system are commonly used is in car . many people and company work and research for new development in car and component for car . so i do not see a financial reason why fewer car should be produced in twenty year . to sum up i want to say that i would be very happy if there were fewer car in twenty year . the reason for this opinion is the protection of nature and the environment and to reduce pollution caused by car . but i do not think this will happen because business and earning money encourage the production of more and more car . and i can not imagine that business interest will step behind in favour of environmental reason .