as a young person myself , to judge wheather old people enjoy their life more or le than the young people could result in a hasty generalization , since i have limited knowledge on older people 's view , but from the restrospect of my personal expereince , i think older people a an adult enjoy life more than the younger people , the teenager . in our society , it is the common notion that teenager are le serious , resposible , and even ` intellegent ' when compared to an adult who are concieved a more experienced , wise and intellegent . consequently , the teenageer often face many social challenge that limit teenager freedom to explore certain part of the society , such a voting or entering a bar/club . it is undoubtful that these law that forbid teenager or underaged people from exploring certain thing are necessary to some degree in maintaing order in society , but when the degree of limtiation becomes overwhelming and too great , it also limit teenager attempt to pursue their enertatinment and enjoyment . unfortunatley , ther are many society and culture that encourage extremely stringent rule against the teenager , such a some asian country like korea and china , thus limiting teenager ' option of enterntaining . in asian society , like korea , student until high school must follow extremely stict guideline that is proveided by the school , such a keeping the hair to certain length and style , wearing uniform that resemebles that of everyone el , and preoccupying constant academic pressure provided to all student from the school . unfortunatley , in korean society , almost all teenager are going through this stringent lifeguidline and overwhleming pressure and expectation , which leaf no room for a brief hiatus or psychological respite for the teenager . therefore greatly limts them from not only exploring the nature to develope appreciation for the nature , but also from pursuing their interest , passion , and entertainment . although this example only emcompasses the teenager living in korean society , there are so many other society , though in different degree , have some preconceived misconception that discriminates or limit teenager from pursuing certain thing and exploring certain part of the society . therefore , discouraging oppertunities for young to fully enjoy life a the adult who have more freedom , do .