for this question , i would like to say that the quantity of car in the world will be greater than what we have in these day . the reason why i think this way are based on three alternative reason which we will see in close future -- economic power transition , improving our technology and as a primary reason , the transition of economic power is strongly arguable . as we can see on the news , the economic power ha been changing to many place where there were not much power last century . for example , when it come to transition of ecomomic power , we can not get rid of the image that china ha found in last few year . according to a statistic , china will have been getting much more economical power and will be considered a the most economically powerful country in the world by 2010 . not to mention , the population in china is well known a the biggest one in the world . also , many people of them are still considered a lower class people which can mean they have no transporter by themselves . in next , twenty year , it is clear that those people can afford to buy a car , at least , they will be dreaming about owning their car for sure . as another reason , the cost to make a car will be fewerd in next decade . as our technique are considerably developing in our society , the cost will and time will be decreased . moreover , it is possible to think that human being no longer require to make a car . all role can be done by robot or remote controlers . surey , some people might doubt abour the fossil energy that we have because of it limitation . solving the problem seems to be uneasy ; however , in many way , we have already accomplished to substitute some other natural energy such a solar system or electric motor . those are much cheaper than fueling our gage with gas , more importantly , those energy are considerably good with our earth . in conclusion , a long a recent economical transition and world technology we have are existed , i assume the quantity of car in the world will be greater than what it is now .