today , the advertising sector is the biggest supporter of capitalism . its main purpose is to make the consumer attract the product and buy it . throughout decade , adverstisers are serving their creatibility in the best way to attract consumer . however , they sometimes deviate from this purpose and attract the consumer in an unethical way , which make the consumer go and buy the product , but then see that he \ she is fooled in a mean way . the great competition for production and getting more money is urging the advertiser to be even more deceiving in their advertisement . the producer want to obtain product in the cheapest way , so that they can earn more money and today the quality is not important anymore , the more significant one is the quantity . most advertisement use psychological manipulation a a way of fooling consumer . when the consumer just hear the thing they want to hear , the advertisement simply start to sympathise itself with the consumer and the consumer just want to go and buy the product . when the consumer face the sithuation , it is too late , because consumer right have not been fully developed yet in many country , and the person may not even contact the company . there is another way inwhich the consumer get fooled . it is the force of appealing to the authority . as a matter of fact , when a person show on the advertisement of the most ridiculous product , the sale explode , which is just only a matter of time . for example there ha been going on a trend in hollywood , the star drink water from a brand which serf the normal water that everyone drink , in a bottle surrounded by diamond . so a person would feel the most stupid after paying lot of money on that water and when it is finished . to result , advertising happened to be the biggest market of lie , since the need to highlight some product had risen at the corporate world . an honest person ha no place in the advertising market , except for being a janitor or the security guard . so vexatious , but that 's just what seems to be going in this world . the constant urge for earning money and the greed of humanity ha left no trust of consumer to the product , which is very ironic because advertisement can still manipulate and persuade one in the must deepest and the subconscious way just to go out on the market and buy the product .