yes i do believe that in twenty year there will be fewer car in ur a there are today . the advancement in science and technology will provoke creative mind to introduce new and enhaced idea of communication . i would like to support my belief by taking example of other mean of communication , and an extra regard for the environment . taking into consideration my first example , i belive that the world is always developing and advancing and looking fer newer and better technique to move towards the future . human being a social individualsa liek chnages . therefore , there will be certain innovative mind that will bring up advanced and more practical mean of communication in later stage of the generation . people concept of communication will change a whole . they would want to experiwence and create new mode of transport that will make their life easier and much more comfortable . in the monotonous and hectic schedule of everyday life , people would prefer better mean of trasportation to relive them of their stress of travelling . taking my second example , i also feel that the ucrrents effect of global warming that are threatening the life on earth will be more dominant in later stage due to the reckless destruction and exploitation of our environment . environmentalist will recieve their wake up call at that stage thus provoking them to come up with more environment safe method of transportion a tranport being one of the major cause of pollution . this will promote the introduction of large mode of transport that will carry mass population , hence saving money and fuel . therefore reduction of car will help in preservation of our natural source and will help protect our environment which turn will benefit u . the alarming increase in cfc 's and carbon dioxide will provoke scientits to come up with solution that will save u from various dangerrs . to conclude , i strongly claim that the reduction in the number of car is bound to happen . i have proved and clarified my view through my above given example of better mean of transport and protection of environement . therefore i feel that the number of car will be replaced my the number of other mode of transport that is costeffective and benefial to the environemtn a well a to human life .