i disagree with `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . '' tour guide usually offered you a tight schedule which you were in a hurry all the time , and therefore you could not enjoy much for your travel . tour guide usually planned your schedule tightly from the early morning to the midnight . you could seldom enjoy yourself a you were too busy moving form one attraction to the other attraction . i think most people have experienced it before . while you wanted to stay a bit longer in one attraction , the tour guide would tell you went back to the shuttle bus and you could just stay at that attraction for a maximum of 30 minute . you were not able to understand deeply about the real life of that country or the attraction because you would not have enough time to explore it by yourself . you needed to be prepared for a long and boring explaination before you could visit the attraction . you also needed to wake up early in the morning for the full schedule for the whole day and you would be able to go back to your hotel in midnight . the schedule offered by the tour guide wa not always fit to your own habit . maybe you did n't like roller coaster but they would bring you to the most famous theme park in that country . and you would be staying in the theme park without playing anything except looking at your groupmates playing happily for the whole afternoon . led by a tour guide would also disable you to plan your own schedule . you might not be able to visit the place that you wanted to because that place wa not in the schedule offered by the tour guide . you would have le fun during your trip . travelling in a group wa not a good thing . people needed to stay with a group of stranger for the entire trip and argument would usually appeared when they have different view on different thing . also , travelling in a group led by a tour guide is also costly , a you needed pay fee for the service provided by the tour guide . you have to pay for a trip that you were not enjoying so much . to conclude , i disagree with `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ''