it is widely believed that young people enjoy their life more than older people do . it is widley belived and we all know that the wider the belief can not be the truth all the time . this is one such instance . it is a popular notion because we , the most people , associate enjoyment with physical activity . as the old people can not move fastly or most of the time they are confined to a place we tend to believe that they are not enjoying . it is because we start comparing ourselves with them . and it is even strengthened by `` young-ones - play-old-see '' . but the argument hold no water at all . because , enjoyment is not a mere activity of jumping around or moving vigorously . it is more than that . most old one may not play the foot ball but they enjoy a lot seeing the young one playing . like we do watching foot ball on the tv . we are not on the national side or club but we do enjoy the success of the our favorite club star . are n't we enjoying the success of our `` rolemodel '' . yes we do . like u they do . enjoyment ha a lot do to with meantal activity , how one perceives the thing and he take them into his / her stride . for example , take the instance of my neighbouring old couple they enjoy a lot by reading novel , watching tv , listening music , oh ! that envious cosy evening walk . when asked about it their comment wa in unision `` we are enjoying like never before '' . reason wa simple when they were young they never had that leisure time . they were either busy with the job or raising their child . can anybody dare say it not enjoyment . another similar instance is my own grandfather enjoys a lot by catching up with his old friend . whcih he could n't do when he wa young because of his packed schedule . another great example is my grandfather enjoys , may be defeating me , hand down most of the time , chess a much a i do . even the research ha come out with the great finding that are `` happier one live long '' . on the lighter side , they do n't have exam to write big problem to the so called enjoying young one . enjoyment is all in the mind not the body , it ha to do with mental activity rather than physical activity . its how one feel not others .