i think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject that to specialize in only one subject . if you have a broad knowledge you have a wider range that you can refer to in all situation of life . as a child for example it help you in school , afterwards it is easier to get a job because you can easier pas the appliance test and in the end it help you to prepare your own childen for life . on the one hand you get a lot of profit out of a wider rage but on the other hand it may be more sufficiant to have one subject where you have specific knowledge in . this specific knowledge is especially inportant in working life . for the most job you need to have sprecific knowledge about one subject . for example travel agent need to have a very good knowledge in geography . but in addition to this i think it is imporant to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject at the same time . if we keep with the example of a travel agent , travel agent have to have a wider knowledge than just in geography . for example they need to be good in mathematics to be able to calculate the price correctly and furthermore they need to be able to understand , write und spreak different languagues in order to communicate with agency and hotel all over the world and in the end they also have to be in good knowledge of the language of the country they life in because that is the language they communicate with everyday . and it is not just the travel industry that ha to have all those different skill . in all diplomatic , business , sientific and many more job you need this wide rage . or what do you think would happen if a sientist know how to do the math to finish his experiment but the doe n't know how to communicate in his language and how to write down his result ? - no one would profit from this . with this example you can see that it is far more important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject rather than to specialize in one sprecific one . all in all i think it is important to have both , to specialize in one subject but to have the wide rage of all subject at the same time .