specifically the topic refers to a very pressing problem in today time . as a young individual i regretfully agree to the topic that the individual of today do not give enough time to helping their community . one of the reason attributed to this is that the young generation doe not have enough time to deal with the problem of the society . we are so much engrossed in our daily activity that far from giving attention to our society , we are not devoting time to our child and our aged parent . the society ha become excessively money minded , married couple are working 10-12 hour in their job that leaf practically no time for other matter . i do agree that doing your job is a must but probably we have to find a way to give time to our family , society . helping the comminity doe not only mean that we donate money to it . it probably demand much greater attention on our part . we are learned men and woman , probably the best brain ever produced , thus it is our responsibility to attack the problem together and work out a rational solution which reflects our intellect . but the problem is again our self - centered nature . today people are just concerned obout themselves , their business , how much profit they made and way to enhance their economic condition . the society ha lost it significance a most of u today prefer to live in secluded appartments , aloof from others . most of the inhabitant in a building sometimes dont even know the person living next door . because of too much of interest in profit making nowadays , corruption ha crept into our society . the business organization sometimes resort to unethical practice which may also endanger the health of the public which us their product . a recent example ha been the case of softdrinks . in order to earn more profit , the company didnt took any measure even when it wa revealed that it contains large amount of pesticide , a great danger to human health . we have forgotten the ideal which the leader of our country mahatama gandhi , etc gave u . today we are more inclined to fight with others , even get them killed if they do not resort to our demand . typical example can be seen in the young generation in india which do not even respect their parent , leave them after all the hard work parent put to nurture them . the generation gap is widening in our society because of which we tend to oppose uur parent and in many case even prefer to live alone rather than living with them and serving them . thus in short it can be said that even though our society is advancing by leap and bound the moral value are degrading and we forget our community which gave u the resource and mean to flourish .