traveling in a group with a tour guide , a way of taking a trip with a group of people with one guide attached , is an effective way of traveling for the people who do n't know well about the region . however , since this way of travelling restricts the personal freedom and chance to meet the local people , it is certain that traveling in indiviual is a better way of traveling . when traveling in a group , you have to respect other people , and travel the region according to the guide 's plan . because of that , even if you really like one place and want to stay more in the place , you get no luxury to choose whether to move to the other place or to stay in one place . a good example of this is when you visit louvre museum in paris a a group . since louvre museum is a gorgeous museum that need more than a day to see everything , because of the tour guide 's schedule , you have to move to the other place when the time is up , and some tour guide set the time for the louvre museum for only few hour , making traveller impossible to see many thing from the museum . on the other hand , traveling in individual grant traveler the most freedom . the one traveling alone can choose to stay in one region a long a their time allows , and also can skip a place according to his will . for instance , when an individual traveller find the louvre museum very interesting , he can choose to spend few day for the museum , skipping his chance to see the other place , such a the versailles palace . due to that , the person can make and adjust his own schedule to achieve the best pleasure in given time . not only achieving freedom , but travelling a an individual can give traveller chance to meet many local people . some people might claim that travelling a an individual can make the person unable to find the place that the person want to go . however , travelling is not just about seeing place and take picture . true meaning of travelling is feeling culture of place , and meet people and communicate with them . by doing that , the person can widen his/her view about the world . furthermore , if a person can not reach to the place because he doe n't know the way , then he can ask local people using his body language and gesture . by doing that , even though the trip might be a little tougher , but the trip will be more meaningful and will help the person to grow mentally . many people tend to travel in group because of the various reason . one might decides to travel in group because he/she ha no time to plan for his own trip . one might decides to travel in group because he ca n't speak the language of the region . however , despite of all the disadvantage of travelling alone , travelling individually will help you to understand better about the culture a well a widening your viewpoint about the world . due to that , it is certain that travel a an individual is the best way to travel .