some people think young people enjoy life more than older people do , but some people disagree with it . i strongly agree the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . there are many reason , but now i give you two reason to support my opion . first , young people have better physical condition than the older people . if you want to enjoy the life , you must be healthy . it 's the basis of all the happiness . young people have the strength and energy to travel a lot . they can enjoy many kind of activity . such a claming , camping , hiking , and almost all kind of water activity . for example , this summer , my husband and i went to arches national park and rocky mountain national park . if you want to have fun in these beautiful natural area , you must have a very good physical condition . the weather in arches in so hot and dry , i barely see any old people there . if you want to see the famous arch , you must hiking at least 3 mile under the sun under the 110f weather . it 's a big challenge for old people , but young people can make it easy . second , young people easy to accept the new thing and to adapt to the morden society . in nowadays , the world is changing every day . there are so many new word , new concept , new thing spring out . many old people do n't want to change to adapt the new enviroment . they want to keep the new thing out of their door . but most of the new thing make people 's life much more convinent , much more colorful . the old people keep their old fashion , do n't enjoy the brand new way . for example , many old people do not want to learn how to use computer . they do n't go to internet , and they do n't know how to send a e-mail . but the computer and the internet can bring u many benefit some of them even exceed your imagination . these new thing can really make your life easier . as all i stated above , the young people can enjoy life more than older people . they can enjoy the beautiful outdoor landscape better , if they have money and time , they can go to anywhere they want . they do n't need to worry about their health problem . they can accept the new thing , make the friend through chatting room , share the picture and their story in the blog , learn a lot of new technique to enjoy their life and make their life much better .