no risk , no fun ! i believe that the statment `` successful people try new thing and tak risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do '' is a very wise adice . it seems that people with a new business tend to play on the safe side , instead of taking risk . it is often argued that if one make change in a slower manner , one 's business will be safe and success will be guaranteed . it may be a slow process , but it is safe . unfortunately , people that have such thinking also tend to forget that playing on the safe side , will not guarantee success . there is not one method or formula that lead to succes . such thing doe not exist . with every decision we make , we take a risk . if one truly `` play on the safe side '' , there are no change made . every single time that we make a choice , me make a risk . so , if even playing on the safe side , turn not out to be so safe after all , why sould one not go for the whole ? taking risk and playing with new idea and sturctures , can be very helpful to a successful business . the odds of failing by taking a risk , can high or low , it depends completly on a particular situation . you should not forget that the outcome of someone who is taking a chance , and is succeeding , will be much more valuble , than from someone who took the `` easy '' and `` safe '' way of making very small change over time . if you would graph the failure and success of two different business , one who make small change , or even none , over a long period of time , and then of another business who is making constant change and is playing with their possibility and the freedom they have available , you will see that business one will have a postivie rising curve , and that business two will have a line that in - and decrease from time to time . but eventually if you would compare these graph , business two will be the one with the most success . if you want to have a successful business , you have to go beyond your knowledge and experience and be willing to discover new , and perhpas , even better method and structure .