nowadays , the used of car is widely spread aroud the world . never the le , it is differently distributed depending on the caracteristic of the coutries , and on the level of development . some government are trying to desentivate the use of car because of pollution , and even to precent accident . in addition , some people are looking for other kind of le expensive way of transportation , taking into account the increase of oil prize . it is very hard to say though , that these governmental and particular initiative are going to be the same in all the country and that are going to have the same consequence . in europe , with small country , where there is not enough space , where the city are crowded and very near to other one , it is relatevily easy to make public policy to decentivate the use of car . indeed sinde the 70 's , after the first oil boom , the use of car , or big car have decreased . governmets promote the use of train and subway on the main city . the space and parking problem in the biggest city is another reason why people can prefer more are more to use public transportation rather than car . in europe , it is very common to see more and more during the warm season the use to bicycle not only to go to college , but also to go to work . and government incetivating these kind of solution by building bicycle road . on the other hand , in place sucn a the united states where the biggest part of the city are widespread on a several number of kilometer despite their small size , it could be very hard to desincentivate the use of car even with public policy . indeed , only big metropoles such a new york , los angeles , chicago , could easily respond to policy such a those made in europe . the traffic is soo messy , and the space so reduce , that in twenty year it would be natural to use fewer car . however , in smaller and spred city , the use of car is essential . they do n't face the same problem of space , parking , and pollution of the big metropoles . their problem is more about distance , and about oil . one fact that could really reduce then the number of car in those place is to face oil scarce and therefore a huge prize raising . and facing this problem , public policy could be not enough to solve the problem , since those city are made to ride on a car . to summarize the use of car in twenty year can be very different depending on the economic situation of the worl in that moment and on the oil prize .