we often hear complaint from the older generation that the younger generation is spoiled and selfish , lacking the altruistic nature to helping the society around them . although it is indeed true for some young people , i believe that it is a little far-fetched to presume that all young people do not spend enough time for helping out with community work in general . to begin with , many school have actively adopted various program to encourage , or even require student to join in volunteer work . for example in korea , it is mandatory for junior high student to do certain hour of community work , and submit documentary evidence in order to graduate . i had to help out in a local nursing home for 30 hour to meet the requirement . even in college , your voluntary work can be acknowleged a credit . some may argue that such participation is not genuine and self-motivated , nontheless , it is true that adoption of such policy indeed ha increased participation of young people in community work . moreover , it is not just the change in school policy that made young people participate in helping their community . the growing awareness of social responsibility among business corporation is what also drive social participation of the young people . more and more company are actively organizing public campaign and voluntary camp to help the community , calling many young people to participate in such program . many company , such the well-known samsung , organize community volunteer work program for their newly recruited employee to participate . other company run volunteer program that their teenage customer can participate in , such a in the successful case of ` rainbow club ' run by sk telecom . to summarize , people , a well a company , are not solely judged by financial or academic sucess they are making a in the past , but also by the amount of social contribution . such changing notion ha motivated the young people 's more active participation . i personally believe that young people nowadays are actively involved more than ever , and will continue to do so a long a this trend continues .