when student study , they need to understand what they study , rather than learning the fact of it . because , understanding of idea and concept will be helpful to understand problem much deeply , much easier to memorise , and much appicatable for other problem that they have faced . first , understanding idea and concept will be helpful to student to understand what they study better then fact . when student start understand idea and concept of certain question , they will find what wa the cause , and how it work . it 's like guiers . all the teeth of guiers are matching perfactly the machine work . therefore , to understand what they studing deeply , then they need to understand what is the idea of it . second , understanding of idea and concept will be in student ' mind longer time than learning fact . because , there are lost of fact in all single question . if student start to study fact , then they have to memorise all of the fact which is bigger number than idea and concept . lots of fact can be found in lot of similar type of question , however those are similar question , so if the student remember only one idea or concept , then they will able to solve all of question , instead of remembering all of factor for each question . therefore , understanding idea is much easier than learning fact , so that will be remained in student brain for much longer time . third , idea are much appicatable than fact when they have some other problem . when they understand the idea , they will follow on that idea and stick branch of lot of thinking and reach much further idea and study more widely . however , the fact are too certain , narrow . also it can not be changed , like a stone . none of branch can stick on a stone , so student will know how to get a bird with the stone , but will not know how to play ` catch ball ' with the stone . therefore , figuring out and understanging idea will be much goof for application for other thing and will be much useful when they face some other new problem . therefore , student have to understand the idea of what thay study , so that will be much helpful in lot of way of their studing . so that is much practical way of studing then learning fact .