`in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . ` i do n't agree with this statement for many reason . the first one is that there is an important car culture in most of our society today . the second one is the development of new technology which will have a big impact on the use of car . first , the car culture is something very developed today . in many society , the car is the symbol of many thing . for example , on the social aspect , it 's really important to own a car . the more it 's big and expensive , the more you show your high social status . moreover , for teenager , the first car is very important : you want to show everybody that you know how to drive , that you have a car , ... in fact , you just want to show that you are becoming an adult . another reason of this car culture is that taking your car is really easier than taking any other mean of transport . you can take it when you want and you do n't fear to be late . moreover , many city do n't have enough effective mean of transport such a bus or subway and you are obligated to take your car . the second reason why i would never agree with this statement is the development of new technology . first , new health technology allow people to live better and later than before . that 's a reason why the population is going to grow rapidly and own more car . moreover , some country are also growing economically so that their population will bewcome wealthier and will be able to afford a car . another fact is that there is beginning to have a lack in the petroleum resource of the earth . however , with the development of new renewable source of energy to make the car functionning , it will not lead to a decreasing of the number of car . these are the reason why i do n't think that there will be fewer car in twenty year than today . however , i hope this statement will become true because the problem of the pollution ha to be taken seriously . in the bottom line , i would say that , if we do n't find solution quickly to this problem , this statement will never be true and this will very harmful for our planet .