although , in first appereance it seems young people enjoy life more than older people do , when i think a little bit i decide this idea is wrong . i think older people especially above 50 age are having a more pleasure with living aganist to young people because older people generally have better economic condition and more freedoom to make enjoying activity . older people will have better economic oppurtunities for making a lot of social activity which are making people life enjoyable . for example , when we look the tourism tour around the world we can observe older people are more than younger people because older people generally after resting have a good economic condition to realize their plan for geting more enthisuasim from life but when we observe younger people we can easily see that most of the young people have not this type of oppurtunities because they are still taking money from their parent in addition to economic condition , older people also have much more freedom or time to getting enjoy with life . first of all generally older people do n't have to have their parent permission before deciding a social activity . they are nearly completly free . they can go where they want they can see what they want to see . old people have also more experince than young people so they can know people and their qualification better than younger people . and by using their experience they can do what they want more freely according to young people . when we think young people , we can easily observe that most of them are not free . their decision mostly depends on their parent , their wife , and even their job . in the last , i can assert that older people have a better quality life according to the younger people , i can say that they are living their second spring of their life and eveybody know that two everytime is bigger than one so , they will evaluate their time more enjoyful because of their life liberity and economic state . being old is not the end , it is a new start .