one of the factor that the successful people have is their eagerness to challenge and try new thing in order to advance themselves . even though it might seem safe to stay where one is , and stay inside of the box of self-satisfaction , i believe challenging is the key to make oneself better and more valuable . from adage , my own , and sombody else 's experience , my belief towards challenging can be supported . one said , `` the greatest sin that the young can commit is to become ordinary . '' to be the same with the others will not make one more successful . the eagerness and enthusiasm to become unique and different from others are what can inspire one to be more valuable . this adage ha been my motto since i decided to come to united states to pursue my dream , and it wa what motivated me to pursue career of filmmaking instead of being lawyer or doctor which are the career favored by most fellow around me . challenge in the field of filmmaking took very significant role and led me to make movie with higher quality . one day , i wa trasferring the movie i filmed to my computer . then i realized that the quality of my movie were very low compared to the movie in theater or in tv . then i realize that the cable and the receiving system in my computer were too antiquated . i fell into dillema . i had to pay much money to renew the system , and had to take a risk that it might not work with my camera . however , i bought a cable , and rebuild the receiving station of the computer , and it turned out very successful ; the quality of the film wa amazingly ameliorated and i wa very satisfied . from the experience of my own , i learned that i always had to challenge or i will be antiquated . in business , being creative , and different is the key to be successful . one of the renown entrepreneur , howard hughes wa very challenging person . he , who made a lot of money from oil business , turned his interest to movie business , and made movie `` hell 's angels '' , which wa considered gigantic in scale of budget or size . his entusiasm wa never stopped and wa continued to airplane , and he became one of the most successful person in business . even though , taking risk and challenging might look very dangerousm and reckless , trying new thing and enhancing oneself to better value wa what make people , such a howard hughes or me , to be passionate and eventually successful . therefore , i believe that trying new thing and never staying satisfied are what could make people more valuable and more successful .