as much a i wish for it to be true for the sake of the environment and the future of of our ecological system , i have a hard time agreeing with the statement : `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use that there are today . '' ever since the introduction of the `` t-model '' by henry ford using mass production technology in the 1920 's , the number of car ha started to increase in exponential factor . this is due to a number of factor which i believe are irrevocable in our modern day world . firstly , our technology is changing at such a fast pace that we do not know if and how to tame it . thus , it is becoming ever easier to design and manufacture car . the number and variety of car model abundant in our everyday life is natural proof for this point . there is wide range of car available for sort of taste and budget . secondly , a the world economy progress , the purchasing power of nation and individual increase although not at the same rate . for example , even though let u say that some 3rd world country are not a rich a their european or north american counterpart , the street are jammed with car in capital of india , egypt , etc . cars are becoming more and more accessible in the remotest and the most impoverished location . whereas it wa not easy for a young woman from kazakhistan to own her own car , it is not a unthinkable today a it once wa . lastly , i believe that we , a individual , are becoming more and more addicted to our car . whereas a household used to have one car in the 1970 's or so , now the number of car per household is increasing rapidly . this is in part necessitated by the rapid and hectic lifestyle brought about by the modern world and in part by what we call `` conspicious consumption '' in economics . if your neighbour change to a better version , you like to do the same due to psychological factor even though your current car may be perfectly functional and comfortable . this naturally `` drive up '' the market for car . we can not think of ourselves without our car . our daily routine are completely disturbed if we have to go to the office without our car . as a result of these and similar factor which i believe to be irrevocable , the number of car will continue to increase despite environmental concern . i also believe that this trend will continue for even more than twenty year . however , it is a comforting thought that the negative effect may be somewhat decreased if car manufacturer start focusing on enviromentally friendly hybrid and diesel model .