i am agree on this statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many subject '' . as per my view looking at present day scinario , it is better to have a lot of knowledge of many subject . as science is in a phase of revolution and today necessity that people should to have an interdisciplinary person . another point is that using multydimensonal approach to solve any problem . firstly , now a day it 's time for revolution and renovation . since , time is changing and we are in 21st century , so we have rebuild many concept because today the science ha achieved so much and technology is also in very good condition . we have also to find out some answer of many question which are not solved yet . therefore , we have to be gain knowledge of many subject to improve our idea . secondly , we should try to get enroll in various new and intradisciplinary subject . here i want to say that at present time 's need that we should try to get admisson in various new subject and it 's much better to take an interdisciplinary subject . by studying an interdisciplinary subject , we can gain a knowledge of a variety of subject . for example , applied science can provide a vast knowledge of various subject , which we ca n't get from any specialized subject . another example may be of bioinformatics , where we learn and read various subject a biology , computersciences , information technology , maths , stats , physics and chemistry . so that i think this type of student can work much better and can handle various type of problem . thirdly , multydimensinal approach can solve some critical problem . present time it is a very nice idea to be an multidimensonal person . for example , in any research institute 's there a problem which involves physics , mathmatics and biology , then here is a proplem that not any person know all the thing so here a person having multisubjects knowledge can do well . so that we can make a model and can solve a problem without any problem . therefore , i can say on the basis of these some point that it is better to have a knowledge of varivous subject . means jack of all tra