something about everything and everything about something . that is my moto in life . one can not either deciede to take any one of the above , that simply wont be enough . as normal functioning human in this day and age of information explosion , we can not choose to be ignorant about anything . also indepth knowledge about some particular subject is also very important for our own professional success . as far a academic subject are concerned , the key word here would be time . when a person is in school , his subject study should be a broad a possible . he should learn literature , science , art , math and everything else which canbe covered in his curicullum . school is the time when the brain is developing and the mind is growing . the child in this time should get the widest exposure possible . one in graduate college , the course he chooses should be more specific but also include subject covering wider toipcs . a medical science student should be taught about digital circuitry too a should psychology be included in a course on engineering . the student must have an option of branching out or even experimenting . also having related knowledge only help in understand how varied information canbe utilized to help in what would seem to be unrelated subject . then further on with post-graduate and research based study the student can aquire more specialized knowledge about the subject of their interest . but a i stated earlier , the whole question about broad knowledge or specialized knowledge would depend upon the fact that when is the question being asked . in relation to a school student , broad subject study is essential and otherwise he would just be isolated from the many different thing he could learn and become . in relation to agraduate student , the coursework need to have a direction of flow but the coverage of topic should be wide a it shall allow experiment and improvisation . then a post-graduate and then doctorial specialization come up the nature of knowledge should narrow down drastically . but a far a life is concerned , a combination of the two will be elementary to success . moreover with increasing pressure on democracy , overpowering multinationals and a growing global marketplace , inormation and knowledge might just save the day .