when we are at school most of the knowledge we absorve is from idea and concept , thing that we commonly learn from our book , that are taught in class but can not be understood from ourselves because we 've never experienced . that 's why sometimes idea and concept can be considered unrealistic , because they only work with and ideal background or enviorment . on the other hand fact are real , fact are thing that use to happen and the difference with idea is that sometimes the aplication them can not be easily put on practice . for example , at school , we all learn about theory and formula that were invented to use to resolve problem , and that 's what we do at school , we make a simulation of some problem that can be resolved with those tool . but the the thing is that not everything in our life can be resolved by a formula , we wish it could happen that way a easy a it sound but it 's not . the truth is that people sometimes learn from their mistake from personal or professional experience and those are example of fact . the real knowledge you get , you learn it within the past of the time and that make you wiser than other people . you get the respect from other people by what you know , and some of these thing , are thing you get by the experience or fact . i do n't think that idea or concept are unnecessarys for the student , this is also an important issue , but this e only the start . the learning experienced by idea and concept can not be very clear for the student because it something they have not lived with their own skin . once student have the ability to get recognizing all these a put it in practice a a fact , they have a clear image of what this is talking about . finally i would n't take the credit of any of both choice , because certainly concept and fact go together , but for me i think that fact are what we are maid of , is what we see , what we touch or what had happened to u that make u stronger people , and make u take right decitions of a personal or profesional situation .