i agree with the statement that ` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well ' . successful people always have some rule and regulation and preplans everything , they do in advance and get success by implementing those rule and regulation . they are having very strong determination and will power to get success in their work . let u consider an example of the great freedom fighter who wa well known a mahathama gandhi of the country india . he had been successful in implementing the non-violence movement and also bringing awareness among the people about the movement and succeded in gathering the people and bringing in them awareness . he had struggled lot for bringing freedom to the country with the coperation of other leader . he had all the quality which had mentioned in the 1paragraph . he wa puntual and sincere and hardworker and also the best freedom fighter among all the freedom fighter of india . he had taken a risk in implementing a new movement and succeded in it . in another example , consider a good proffessor . a good proffesor normally make plan evrything he ha to teach for student in advance . he will make a proper time table and also how to prepare student for exam and get success in it . he even prepares how to mobilize the student for their future career . during the class section , he will implement all the palns he had been made before . he will finish the portion in time and prepare student well for exam and also give suggestion to thier career . finally , i conclude that successful man always preplans everything and follow his rule and regulation . in former example , if mahathama gandhi thought that why to take risk then he may not succeed in bringing freedom to the country . in later example also , if a proffessor think that why to take risk in giving suggestion to student about their career then he may not be a successful proffessor . so i will say that a successful man always try for new thing and take risk rather than doing regular thing what he ha known .