i disagree with the statement and believe that specializing in one specific subject and being a master of that area is much better than having a broad knowledge of many academic subject . in today 's complex world , each field or subject ha become so complex that it requires more than a lifetime of dedicated effort to master that subject . unless one give that effort , his knowledge about that field remains only superficial . specilization lead on to new frontier . unless we have specialist in various field , it will be very difficult to come up with new discovery and invention . each academic field ha become so complex , it his highly improbable for a generalist today to come out with something new unless aided by chance or luck . specialization also lead to confidence in one 's personality . if somebody is a specialist in his field , that person can be trusted to do that thing better than most people . he can be expected to take responsibility related to that field , so that other people can focus on their own specialist field . since a specialist is a master of his domain , he can pas on that information gained by investing time in one particular thing to the next generation . a generalist wont have the depth and would not be appreciated by his audience when he talk about any of his various known topic . there is no course in the world which give degree to student for having studied about 20 different field . all the degree offered by college all over the world focus on one or two area of specialization . this itself prof the worth of specialization viz a viz general knowledge about various academic field . if one look around , almost all the successful people are master in their domain . they know about one subject in detail and hence gain respect from their peer . even a generalist post like the president of india is occupied today by a scientist who helped the country further it satellite program . there is a saying which go like : `` jack of all trade , and master of none '' . unless we change it to `` master on one '' or `` master of some '' , it will continue to remain derogatory in it usage .