the art of advertising advertising is one of the most influencial technique in people mind , human ha invent a weapon to control the market . many major industry expend million of dollar in advertisment , because advertisment is what really pop up their sale . products may be good , but advertiser try to make them look better . most of advertisments only show the quality of product , but deffinetly they dont show the bad face of them . we are totally surrounded by advertisement , there are everywhere . the city are full of them . almoust all product in market are advertise in differnt place . our mind are fully influenced by them . in my point of view , i agree with the statement , most adverstisements make product seem much better than they really are . to support this idea a perfect example is credit card comercials : if we see a credit card comercial on tv , tit might show u an incredible vacation in the himalayas or a beautifull yatch in the middle of the caribbean , so the first we imagine is u on that situation , then the next think we do is apply for a credit card , deffinetly we will be the next person in the himalayas or the caribbean , and that 's not true the true is that we might have the credit card , but we cant affort the trip , we need to work harder to get the money to pay the trip , if we dont have the money to pay , we wont be able to go , and the credit card wont be a usefull a it look . another example might be the food advertising , non of the food you get , are a good a big or a tasty a the one they show on the advertisments . also must advertiser are proffesionals , and they know how to manipulate producs and make the look the way people want them to look , but when people buy the product , they are totally different from what they saw in the advertisement expect . for me , advertisement industry is valid , people can make effort triying to show the best characteristic of a product , but what is not valid for me , is that advertiser manipulate them to show advantage that the dont have .