since i 've been student for a long time , i can say that at the age when we are young student ( for example high school age ) , we normally tend to care more to understand idea and concept than it is for u to learn fact . anyhow , i have to say that , at least a far a my experience is concerned , along the student age we change our learing process , passing from giving more importance on theory to linking theory to fact . for example when we talk about student untill high school , i believe that up to that age we already had a lot of concept from school , family and social enviroment . at this age we do n't care , for example , about political event or international affair . this is due to the fact that certainly we are too young , we are more focused on other thing such a having fun , going out , doing some sport . what is more , we 're completely unable to link all the concept we received to real fact . on the other hand , when we go to the university , and this is another step of being student , i think the thing change . it happens because we 're getting in another enviroment in which we weant to be well considered , we 're meeting other people with who we 're going to share more adult experince and last but not least we 're getting more mature . as a result we can link in a more efficient way what we studied ( aslo during the high school ) to the real fact . for example it happens to me when i studied the concept of inflaction . when i wa watching the tv news , i wa really surprised to finally understand what inflation is and what are it effect . and this is not all . we 're also becoming able to link some concept that we 've learnt in the past to the real fact , and at that time you finally realize how wa usefull to study that concept ( that at the beginning it ha been considered stupid ) . so , i agree partially that for student is more important to understand idea and concept that it is to learn fact , because it could depends if we 're considering high school student ( who are more focused in concept and idea ) and university student ( who are beginning to link the concept to fact ) .