i completely disagree with the statement given and i dont even find any sort of idea like that . i dont understand if there is decline of car with in the next twenty year , then what the people are going to use after twenty year ? bus , train , bike or plane ? all of them have disadvantage compared to car . compared to all the vehicals available today car are the most efficient vehicals to meet the requirement of all the people . if people are going to stop to use the car , then how are going to travel ? either by bus , train and even plane . all these can not be efficiently used by the people . even if people have decided to travel by other mean of public transport then also they should have a own vehicle to got a station , airport or bus stop . if the people should go by bus or other they should get ready very early , go to nearby stop , wait for the bus , get down at the destination and then go to the office by other mean or by walking . is this process better or getting into a car at home and getting down in front of the office is better ? definitely the second one . now a day people are looking for vehicle which give them a lot of advantage and car are one of them . every one should have a own vehicle for their daily thing to go on without problem and car is best of them . like other vehicle ( like bike ) there is no need to expose to sun and it is a comfortable way of travelling . a it is not much expensive to buy a car , every one could efford to buy a car . in time of emergency we cant wait for a outside vehicle to come and car mean a lot at that time . so it is the best way to travel at any time to any place comfartably . the only disadvantage of using the car is probability of accident . we sholud be very careful while driving and have to keep the whole attention on that . but if we go by public transport there is no need to worry and can sit in a relaxed state till the destination come . but inspite of this disadvantage car serve a the more efficient way to find the need of the people .