i agree to the statement `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' . in the recent age due to technological advancement many are interested to make their own future better . in a world of competition the youth is racing towards the improvement of their own skill and they are not bothering about the sorroundings and their community . i feel that `` serving people is serving god '' i feel if we spend atleast an hour of our daily life in serving the community and if everyone do that , the nation will certainly achieve it plan and become the leading of any other in the world . `` todays student are tomorrow 's citizen '' . if we serve our community it is indirectly serving ourselves because we are laying the foundation of the future part of our life . for example , take a student of age 20 . he must be having many work , enjoying with his friend , partying every night and lot more . he can do a lot of work at this age . and even if he spends a 1/10 th of his time in enjoying to the communal development that would be great of his part . imagine the number of the youth . they must in lakh and each of them spending 1/10 th of his time there can be lot and lot of work to be done . even by doing all this they may improve their own skill and in the other way developing the nation . the political party leader and other higher official are already exhausted and can do a very little work and they may many problem regarding their family and many more tension . but in the case of a student he ha no tension , no problem and he can generate many more idea than the older one . he can work a lot more and can many work like helping others , providing the basic requirement to the needle and organising some function to create awareness of the present world and how to tackle their own life in any situation . in this way they can do many other thing which help the society to move further . i have a concern that the youth may be busy with their own work . because i myself practically face the experience . even though i have some time to spend on others in helping them . i do agree that everyone have some difficulty or something other . but if he had an idea of offering himself to the community he shall surely do that anytime . everyone is not aware of what the problem society is facing . we need to create awareness among them so that atleast 10 % of the youth would be useful which would help the society to develop further . i finally conclude that the present youth is not showing interest in such developing activity and there should be some programme in order to create awareness which may be help the society itself develop to a higher level .