in our present time , the car usage is a typical way that people choose to intervene with . it is a really useful vehicle to get oneself from one spot to another with the comfort and individuality it provides . car is in fact a good invention and it will stay that way , or not ? the expression ` in twenty year there will be fever car in use than there are today ' is a strong hypothesis and should be supported by good indicator and evidence . ( or insight and showing that foresee the future condition ) in my opinion this statement can either be wrong or right which depends mostly on the government restriction and regulation of one country . i think no human being is willing to give up their car driving pleasure with getting in any other public vehicle that are being in service throughout our living space . ( mostly city ) the public transportation is really an efficient and useful way to transfer people from their home to the place where they want to reach to , because it is more convenient to gather a large amount of citizen in one vehicle . that way the road are getting emptier and more comfortable for the traffic to flow on . but on the other hand , a i 've mentioned before , an individual and especially one who owns good amount of money would not wish to give up his/her automobile driving joy . at this point , the government and some rule can be handy and put on to usage in order to prevent the excess traffic on the road . when all the people choose to drive but not hop on to a public vehicle , the result can be hazardous ! the traffic then would lead people to miss their appointment , be late to their home , or even cause the patient to be late to a hospital for medical purpose . we should actually realize and be more empathetic of our surroundings and think also about the people whom we live with . we are not alone in this country , not even on this planet ! the only beneficial and logical task if we want to see le car and le traffic , is upon the government 's shoulder : regulation ! they do always work . they sound very strict and harsh at the beginning but they are there for the whole community 's good . as in my personal opinion ; there may be fewer car in use in the future if we happen to become more knowledgeable and responsible people also by the needed assistance of the goverment 's regulation and written law .