this statement deal with the very controversial question if younger people enjoy life more than older people do . with regard to this general problematic two position may mainly be brought foreward and hence need to be discussed in a dialectical way . there is a first group of people who certainly agree with that statement . to sustain the substance of their position they allegate that first young people have generally le sorrow which is perhaps in part due to the fact that they did not know war time and time of real economic depression . that is the reason why they are not afaraid of loosing their job and not to be able to nourrish their family . second if youing people still go to school they dispose of more leisure time in which they go out , they got to know people , they do sport and so on . third young people dispose of much more opportunity than the older generation to communicate with friend , to organize vaccations or to travel at low cost . on the other hand one cann not generally say that older people do not take profit of their life . a person that worked hard all life a that ha had a huge professional success will easier be able to afford whatever he or she like than ayounger person still depending on their parent from an economic point of view . money can be a limiting argument for young people like aslo the lack of a driving license for non adult . in my opinion there is no general possible anewer to such a statement because to many factor need to be taken into consideration ona item-centered perception basis . the answer to this question clearly depends on the value an individual give high priority to . if you are young you perhaps dispose of more time and you are le subject to professional constraint , but you are perhaps le a well-of than an older person . the latter one may perhaps suffer from disease restrainig it mobility . the determining factor to my understanding are time , social flexibilty and money . nevertheless i would align myself generally speaking rther with the people that agree with this statement