things in life are usually not black or white . it is difficult to say if it 's better to work on having a broad knowledge on many different academic subject or to put that same amount of effort on specializing on an specific field . in my opinion it all depends on the short term objective of the student which is , after all , closely related to the age . for young age student who are in school , high-school or even in the first year of university , studying a broad knowledge of a variety of subject will probably be more suitable . diversity is basic in these stage for various reason . first of all , student need to obtain certain level of general culture , what includes history , geography , math , literature , grammar , science . .. it also need to be taken into account that some subject interact with each other . someone ca n't study physic with no math knowledge , so a variety of field need to be covered . finally , it is also important for young student to become familiar with a variety of field so that they can choose what they would like to specialize on in the future : it would n't be sensible to let a ten year old chose if he want to study only biology f just because he like that particular subject at that stage , for example . they need to have a global vision before deciding what the like , and the way of obtaining it is simply studying a broad syllabus . however when considering adult student , priority obviously change . for people in their late university year or in graduate course specializing in a particular subject is basic . the most important reason is that company require specialist to cover job position . companies are not usually interested in people who only know a little bit about lot of subject . they look for indivuduals who are proficient and have a deep knowledge and understanding of specific field and industry . if the candidate additionally ha a broad knoowledge of other thing it can then be considered a a plus , but the first characteristic is that he/she is a specialist in a particular subject . as a conclusion it could be said that the age of the student is the best indicator to determine whether it is more suitable to study a broad selection of subject or to focus all the effort in an specific field .