in twenty year from now , the number of car in use will be extremely high . there is no chance for having le number of car . there are quite many reason to support my statement . the main reason for expecting a huge number of car in mere future is by considering the past record . the number of car some year ago were very le . but today it number is almost doubled . every process future analysis is based on a `` hysterisis '' curve , which show the probability of any issue considering the past statistic . in the same manner we can have a histerisis curve for the usage of car . it depicts a huge increase of number of car in use in future . the other main reason is the increase in the population and their standard of living . the standard of living of people is increasing day by day . people are aiming high and acheiving high . every one is trying to reach the best position in life . a car reflects the status of a person in the society . so people are showing interest to own a car . its becoming one of their most important part of their luxury list . so it can be expected that every middle class individual owns a car in coming twenty year . this increase the number of car used . the selling price of a car is becoming immensely low these day . its being reachable to every middle class individual . as the price is diminishing with time , every one is planning to own a car . even car industry are planning to reduce the price of the car to increase their sale . this is to make them reachable to each and every person . for example , consider a television . television wa a dream to every common man few year ago . its cost wa around 3000 $ before . its demand wa le at that time due to it heavy price . but today it cost came to le than half . today everyone owns a television . same is the case with mobile telephone too . in the same way we can say that a car becomes a part of life to almost every middle class individual . so , by considering many reason and fact we can say that the number of car that will be used in coming twenty year will be absolutely high . almost every individual owns a car in future .