the issue whether the advitisements make the product seem better than other product or not is debatable . i agree that advertisement help to make product seem better . firstly , as we all know , many company believe in successfull advertising and marketting to improve their product marketshare . whether an advertisement is successfull or not depends on it influence on the consumer . to influence a consumer , advertisement can represent it product far more superior through any unrelated or false evidence . since , first impression can be the last one , many consumer read or watch about the product and instanly make up their mind about the quality of the product . unfortunately , still in many country there are no harsh legal penalty for duping consumer through these false claim and hence , company are not discouraged from such practice . moreover , our modern economy fuelled with competition encourages and somewhat based on `` winning with hook or crook '' theme . for an example , in usa , many car manufacturer are competiing to gain market and profit . but the advertisement about their car might not depict the truth about the car . advertisements are done such that , the bad quality about the product are not highlited while the positive point are shown highly in the advertisement . so in car advertisement , if the car lack some additional feature like , music system , then it will not be told in the advertisement , on the other hand comparative mileage will be shown a a big plus point against competitor . also , the concept of `` real '' advertisement about the product may just boil down to ethical behaviour . the company should be held responsible for double meaning advertisement about the their product which may lead to serious injury or dissatisfaction among the consumer . companies advertising the product should not leave the advertisement interpretation to the public . lack of information is same a false information in coming up with the conclusion about the product . i would like to conclude that , yes , advertisement doe make the product seems better , and the main root cause behind it is the higly comptitive economy and struggle for existence among company and product . but with strignet law this phenomenon can be curbed and consumer can make correct decission about the product .