i disagree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their community . first of all it indicates that young people in general are indifferent to their community . this is not true . there is a huge amount of people who are engaged in social work and the number is not decreasing at all . quite the reverse is happening . perhaps due to the increasing anonymity in urban life and the decline of social security in germany there are many people who do not want to watch this situation without doing something about it . additionally young people might consider social engagement a a good opportunity to find new contact , make friend and acquire a sensible task in their life , which especially young people often are still in search of . in spite of the generalization made in the statement , i do agree that there is indeed a large amount of young people who do not care about helping their community . this ha to my mind several reason . first of all , growing up nowadays of during the past 20 year , the role of the community in everyday life ha decreased more and more . many young people do not see the importance or necessity of community . their aim in society is obtaining a good education and achieving a successful career . making this possible requires a lot of working and studying , which inevitably lead to the neclection of such thing a voluntary work for the community . however , applying to a prestigiuos university or a well paid job requires more than having good grade . it is also extremely important to have an impressive cv , which prof that the person applying ha also spend his or her spare time on helping other people or the community . therefore i think that even the young people who care more about their own benefit and career join in helping their community . to sum up the argument it can be stated that although young people nowadays have an increasing pressure concerning their career , many still take their time to help in ther community . however it can not be denied , that there are some black sheep being indifferent to these kind of social event .