when we have an intention to go travelling , we will very often look for travel agency where the staff there can prvide u with the necessary information . another advantage is that if the travel agency will provide u with a tour guide during our journey . the tour guide are able to tell u the history of the place and the informtion about the scenic spot . however , i believe that the best way to travel is not travelling in a group led by a tour guide , but travelling individually . there are several advantage . firstly , we will seek for information about different place ourselves . through the researh work , we have a better knowledge about the place and this will enrich our knowledge . after that , we can make rational decision based on our own will . on the other hand , if we consult travel agency , we will be greatly influenced by their opinion and this will hinder our decision-making . since the travel agency are profit-making organization and their common objective is profit maximization , they may not really provide good advice for u . secondly , we can choose the destination according to our own will . for instance , if we enjoy watching natural scenery , we will look for a place where there are abundance of beautiful and fatastic scenery . however , if we are led by a tour guide , we can not go to everywhere we want because we have to follow the planned schedule which are designed for all the customer and are not particularly designed for u . travelling individually can enable u to schedule our own time during the trip . thirdly , since we have made research before the trip , we can go to the place we want and to explore the place . we will get great satisfaction if we find something interesting there becaue it is discovered by ourselves . thus , this will create eternal memory in our mind . if we are led by tour guide , we may be bound to stay at an uniteresting place for a long time . consequetly , we will lose the real meaning of travelling , that is , relaxation and entertainment .