generally young people seem to enjoy life more than old people do , this is based on the amount of activity that young people perform with respect to older people and the enthusiasm and joviality that young people put on a given circumstance . the amount of activity that an individual performs defines that individual 's character . as it is known by far , young people are involved from scandal to all sort of extreme sport . the behaviour that a young individual exhibit come from body constitution . a younger individual produce a higher level of hormone such a adrenaline that estimulates the trend of being more active , hence enjoying life more . a clear example that show the enthusiasm of a young person compared with an old person is holiday time . during holiday time young people are more likely to make plan about party and thing similar to it , while older individual worry more about what people might think of them , so they do not express fully their emotion and rather than going out like a young person , they cohibit themselves staying indoors no matter how bored they might be . another important factor that show that young people enjoy life more than older people do , is the number of activity that younger individual perform with respect to older individual . younger individual are more detached from their physical limitation , which is why it is more likely to find a young drunk person at work , than an older experienced person drunk at a work place , or it is more likely for a young person to be in a party for 24 hour without sleeping than an older person . younger individual enjoy life more than older people because they have le thing that are part of their life experience , and they feel a if they had to try on many thing to reach a satisfactory level of life development . generally the factor that make younger people enjoy life more than older people do is society , since society portrays older people a example of life that can not do certain thing because they would mislead young people and create a social conflict within a given state .