a plethora of method of traveling are available these day . the main two way would be traveling privately and traveling publicly . in other word , a person can travel by himself/herself or with a small group of familiar people and he/she can also travel in a tour guide . although traveling in a group led by a tour guide would allow me to gain more information about a particular place that i travel in , i would rather travel by myself or with my friend or family . one of the requirement of tour guide is that there is a specific schedule that everybody ha to follow . therefore , the people in a tour guide have to change their daily lifestyle . when i went to a college tour with my friend , i had to wake up much earlier then i usually do and eat meal at time that i wa not used to . in addition , if somebody fails to follow the schedule , everybody else ha to wait and the trip would not be a pleasant . consequently , it is better to travel in a private group . not only following a schedule , but also confronting unfamiliar people could be uncomfortable during a trip . there are usually a myriad of people who are unfamiliar ; therefore , they can not act naturally or be themselves with each other . since being comfortable is very significant and valuable in a trip , traveling in a tour guide is not preferable . another aspect of traveling that a tour guide lack is the limit of time and place . since there are specific time and place , people might not be able to go somewhere they wanted to or stay a long a they wanted to . therefore , traveling with a tour guide is not an effective way to fully enjoy a trip . some people who consider traveling in a group led by a tour guide a the best way to travel might suggest that people can go to important and historical place that average people might not be aware of . however , this advantage can be easily achieved by simply researching or reading book about a particular place . as a result , a professional help from a tour guide is not necessary to accomplish the best experience of traveling .