nowadays people often speak about our society and the behaviour of our different generation . as a matter of fact by talking about these topic the question might come up to ur minde : whether young people really enjoy their life much more than older people do . to answer this question you have to look at several aspect that make me believe that older people have le fun in their life . as a great problem that ha to be mentioned at this point is , that older people often get lazy and stick to their home and are kind of timid to leave home for a certain distance . they feel safe at home and know their enviroment . in order to this they try to get into a few situation a they can according to avoid new orientation or adaptation . or have you seen so many grand-parents going into a fun park or the cinema . another aspect might be that you can see many elderly walking around which give you the impression a if they feel not accepted or appropriate in the new started age . they feel too old . these are two behavioural problem of elderly which prevent them from enjoying their life a younger people do . additionally , although old people have got much freetime and nearly nothing to do , they do not get to the point to do more than the household . they always think that they have got a certain age and can not do this and that . another problem facing this is , that even younger people do not have the possiblity to encourage their grand-parents to keep on doing something . this fact might be due to a certain history of generation . older people are not allowed to enjoy life only to be kind of advisor for the younger generation . this is the way older people like to follow but younger people on the other side have not got in mind . as i pointed out in the paragraphes above , their are several problem which lead older people to the fact that they enjoy their life le than younger people do , when you try to mesure it on the activity people do . this is why i am of the opinion that older people mostly fale to enjoy their life , probably due to their own history that younger do n't have . due to this younger can enjoy life much better .