to me , the whole point of advertising is to sell , thus when advertising you should try to seduce the costumer . in fact there are many thing or feature of the product that you can use to do so , a the quality or the price , but always the main thing of show the good feature over the bad one . i agree with the idea that advertisement make product look better than they really are , but i do n't see anything bad with it . indeed , our freadom of speech ensures u mainly the right to say almost everything to everybody , with some exeptions of course , but under this perspective anyone could told u anything , in particular how good is the product they are offering . most of the time , the advertisement do not lie or say anything strictly false , instead they focus on their strenghts . therefore is true that the product look better than they really are , but is not ill will on that . indeed , it is the same thing you do when you go to a job interview , or try to approach some of the opposite sex for first time . think about it , in these ocations you try to look good , seem confident , very capable , intelligent or even sexy , realice that you are trying to look better than you are . although i consider that some exagerations should be avoided , becaouse they are not showing how good the product realy is , instead thay are a lie . for intance , see the all magical recipies , belt and all kind of craft and offered to lose weight , everybody know that is a lie . i think th kind of thing should be controlled by some costumer 's agency , which should request some kind of survey or stadistics to support thing that are stated on the advertising . anyway , is in the costumer and the costumer 's agency who will at the end decide which product deserved an which doe not , our trust . this is the only way of realy punnish tose that make reallly exagerated advertiments saying lie or said unproven thing about their product . but always whitout attaking the fredom of speach or see thing in a particular prespective .