i think it 's probable idea that the use of car will be decreasing from 2 decade now . as we think of the speed of science development , it 's true that most people think the use of car will be decreasing tremendously . not only the reason of the development of technology , but also the larger exploit of natural resource . besides , there are also some fact which make people to think like that . we 've often seen the news or tv about the possibility of flying car . truely so , in 10 year , most technician assumes that it would be possible to ride the flying car . and from this moment , multitude of people will prefer to having flying car instead of normal car . however , these are not the only reason . nowadays , technician from the many kind of field worry of the deploring of natural resource . to prepare the deploring of natural resource they 're eagar to make substitute resource . furthermore , a few of them are now being used in our daily life . also , in 20 year , every single city or rural area will be developed a a convinient transportation place where it is not essential to ride car to move anywhere . naturally the number of in use of car people would choose the use of more convinient transportation than car . furthermore , it 's poplular for all people `` the well being '' . many people started to care their health and exercise more harder than ever . if this trend go on for 20 year , for their health , most people will choose to walk or use the convinient transportation . it is mutual hope that most people want to reduce the number of car user or car number not only for the air pollution or traffic problem , but also to elevate the quality of our life . but , there are always exception in any case . it would be plausible for people to use their cat who have their car in an emergency or haphazard . also it 's possible people who like more to use only their car . so after 20 year , it would be possible to reduce thenumber of car user and also car and peole will use their car efficiently .