today young people give enough time to helping their community . young people , thus , the new generation between twelve and thirty year old do their best to help their community ; for instance , they organize several activity together : they visit old people on holiday , and bring them gift and food . they give free private lesson to small child in their community . they get involved in some youth club , and call writer , scientist , artist , musician , or other people who have an impact on the society , to give a lecture in order to exchange some idea with them . besides , at home they help their parent or other family member : they prepare the table , clean the house , wash the dish . .. if a family member is ill , they visit this person . by working part-time , they also gather money for the poor in their community . they do all of these activity , a they study and work . sometimes they work part-time , because they want to contribute to the family budget . they buy their need with the money they earned . with the rest of this money , they help the poor in their community . however , many young student have to study hard to pas their extremely difficult exam , and get high mark . when they have exam , they may sit just concentrared on these exam , on reviewing the material that wa presented them in class , or they may spend their time reading several scientific article , or book . they study also for their community , a they have to be distinguished member of the society in which they live . they study to learn and to help their community . in their free time , of course , they assist the work of the older member of their community ; for example , think about a twenty year old girl , studying biology : she study when she ha exam , paper to write , or ha to make a class presentation ; if this girl is jewish , when the jewish new year , rosh ashanah , arrives , she will visit the poor of her community , and distribute food to the old poor people of the community ; these are the same thing a what a christian girl doe on christmas . young people are a helpful a the old one .