every grandmother talk about the good-old day , when the younger were more helpful the old one , respectful for family value and community culture . well , somebody ha to tell them back that the time have changed ! i agree that young people are not like in the old time , because they are more individualistic , they have le time for family and community but more for work . also the old one have changed ! they are more healthy and socially active , so they do not need younger one a they did in the past . first of all , everbody will accept that we are now living in a society where everyone life an individual life , rather than a a part of a community . this individuality ha physical aspect and also cultural aspect . for example , the number of people working in city or even country different then where their family live , is going higher and higher every year . how can somebody be helpful to his community , if he is 1000 mile away ? this is physically not possible . and culturally , with all the medium and advertisement bombardment telling the people that the only important thing in this life is themselves but nothing else ; how can young people not be individual caring about only their own life ? the time have also changed in term of the time which we must spend for thing other than family isues . young people have to spend much of their time in their school and work . they can not even find enough time to deal with all these , actually . that result in le time for the family and community again . lastly , the old one also changed ! they are healthier , and socially more active than they used to be . they need the younger one le and le by the advance in technology also . which mean it is not only the younger one that have changed . the world we live in is certainly different than what it had been before . one of the result is that younger people are not into their comunities a much a they did in the past . they are more individualistic , they have le time , and actually the older one need them le , too .