i had a trip to che-ju island in my country , korea , with my friend , and it wa a trip that led by a tour guide . after the journey , there were more bad memory than good one , because of these reason ; caanot choosing visit place , and the problem of extra fee . for my experience , i disagree with the opinion that the tour group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel . first of all , people robbed their right to choosing the spot to visit , if the travel team is organezed and led by a tour guide , people of the the team have to follow the schedule which is made by the guide . for example , i could n't visit the museum which exhibit the numerous kind of unique plant grown only in han-ra mountain in che-ju island . instead of that , we merely followed the typical travel course like teddy bear museum , and restaurant that sell black pig . how waste of time !! i can see such a thing not only in the island , but in my town . to follow the schedule we had to sacrifice our right to decide where to go . in addition , going travel with a guide is too costly . there are many so called ` option ' that we can choose whether we will experience it or not . however , in reality , the ` option ' are not option a it mean literally . the guide make people to do , or sometimes buy something madatorilly . and of coures it is not conclued in the travel fee people already paid . to illustrate this , a tv program in korea revealed the reality of the ` option ' system . they research about that , and conducted a survey to the people who experience the guide tour . most of them did n't wanted to do the program , but compelled to do that by the reason that if someone doe n't participate alon , then he or she will break the harmony of the team . furthermore , about 90 % of them disappointed to the cost , and quality of the optional program they had experienced . it show how expensive to tour with a guide . in conclusion , i disagree with the view that the tour with guide is the best way of travel , because we can not go where we wish to go , and have to pay for the extra fee for optional program , as for me who experienced such a bad-memoried-trip , i am planning to go euroup next summer with my own preparation , and organization . even though it is hard to prepare , it will bestow me happier memory , and allows me to save money .