thoughtout education , student obtain a number of knowledge . some people believe that learning fact are more important to student . however , understanding idea and concept are more sigunificant to student for several reason ; idea and concept can be applied , and people today weigh on more a critical thinking than ever before . students build up their knowedge such a fact , idea , and concept in the process of learing in school . however , idea and conepts can be usuful when they complete their education because they can apply idea and concept , whereas fact can not be changed . for instance , i have a friend who belief in the fact because it is consistant . however , when it come to coming up with his own oppinion , his idea is weak because it is most likey to be the same a others . on the other hand , i also have a friend who try to apply idea and concept to the real world . she always produce unique oppinions and they are tend to be agreed because it ha a degree of what we learned . the friend who think based on what she learned and applies these idea ; thus , she ha more ablilities to come up with new idea , which is a part of a critical thinking . in today 's world , a critical thinking is the most improtant skill in business world and a highly demended from employer . indeed , a critical thinking is used in marketing , where marketer need to create new product or servise . it ha been dramatically tough task because newness of customer ha very short life . a long a six month . therefore , their eagerness to have a critical thinking is highly demended . furthermore , not only for business , but also relationship can be more effective when a critical thinking is applied though the idea and concepted which are understood . if the person can apply the idea which can influcence others , it ha a dynamic impact on the bond . based on the above arugement , i stronglly believe that understanding idea and concept are vital to student because they can be developed , and these are necessary for a critical thinking which is very improtant skill in the today 's society .