i disagree with the claim that the best way to travel is in a group lead by a tour guide . since traveling is often for leisure and entertainment , traveling in a group with a tourn guide would restrict my individual interest , my pace , and the intimacy of the group dynamic . first , traveling is supposed to be enjoyable for the tourist . although a tour guide may be able to lead the group toward the major and well-known attraction , in his or her attempt to appeal to the majority of the tourist , many tourist ' individual interest may be compromised . for instance , if the town is internationally famous for it wine but also ha a nice but small museum of wwi artifact , the tour guide is most likely going to focus on wine tasting rather than the historical artifact . however , one of the tourist in the group may be a history buff and is hoping to expand his collection of wwi artifact , he or she may miss out on the opportunity of a lifetime conforming to group interest . thus , in many such case , traveling is better done individually or in a small group of friend rather than in a group led by a tourn guide . also , traveling is a chance to only to see and experience new thing but also to unwind . thus , the pace offered by a tour guide may restrict one 's ability to relax . for instance , in a tour group , there may be people of all age group . typically , the younger tourist would be more energetic , attempting to see everything and speeding up the group 's pace . however , the older people in the group may just be hoping to relax and enjoy the view at few select location . thus , the disparity between the goal and pace of the tourist in the group may restrict many 's traveling experience and may even be the cause of additional stress . finally , much intimacy and freedom is loss when traveling in group led by a tour guide . since tour group are usually composed of random people across the nation , or even across the world , it may be difficult to feel comfortable in their presence . also , when traveling in such a large and unfamiliar group , freedom of speech and behavior is lost . for instance , with adult around , teengers wo n't be able to blast the music they love on the radio and with the child around , the adult wo n't be able to talk about many of the personal detail of their life . conversation tend to become more superficial and restricted . hence , in many case , traveling in such a group led by a tour guide is not the best choice . thus , i disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . with restricted interest , pace , and freedom , i would not have a good traveling experience and i think many would feel the same way .