whether young people enjoy life more than older people do or not draw a complex issue on the topic . some people may say the youth have a lot of fun , but the old doe not . while the others may oppose this oppinion . if i have to choose an view , i will personally support the former claim . first of all , young people got more opportunity to have fun from various aspect of the society than the old people do . people usually take it for granted that the conception of young mean having fun , which is why our society provides more facility for the youth to do so . for example , the manufatures produce various toy for baby , child , and even young adaults . more over , many topic on tv concern with the young , seldomly with the old . when i turn on my tv , i can find out a bounch of childen chanal a interesting a disney . especially , in some county , like china , there is only one child in a family . so both of the parent and grandparets will love her or him a precious a an apple , and provide her or him all kind of oppertunities to have fun . additionally , young people have a lot of energy and le responsibilies , which is easier for them to have fun . on the other hand , the old ha to earn money in order to sustain the family . for instance , my father always look tired after he come home from his office and then he even refuse himself to have fun with me , which make me very upset . as a wise man said ( and i paragragh ) , '' time is money , and time is treasure '' . these word make those adaults and old think that i can not to wast their time to have fun at all , which might not be totoally correct . admittedly , our society provides the old people more and more oppertunities and encourage them to have fun , especially then they get retired . after retiring , more and more old people feel boring and lonely at home . so they try to make more and more oppertunities for themselves to have fun . the city government ususally orgnize senior clubs which includes gym facility , dance center , and so no . even do n't mention the chess club , sing club , ... ect . in sum , now those old have got more and more opportunity to have fun . all in all , i basically agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . inevitably , more and more opportunity are provided by the society for those old to entertain themself . now , we can say that both the youth and the old are apt to enjoy their life in many aspect .