i am agree with the statement that advertisement generally give wrong information about their product . if a particular product is launched then genarally company advertise their product to people so that people buy their product more . an advertisment expalain about a particular product . it should tell about the pro and cone of it . but it can be put into negative use also . below i will explain for what kind of product genrally company give false advertisement . in competing market generally the company say better thing about a product in it 's advertisement . there might be some competing product , which are already there in the market and a company come up with the same kind of product . the company try to sell it 's poduct more . so in it 's information they genrally put false information about their product so that their product look nicer than the rival product . i 'm giveing one example below . you can see this kind of trend more in cosmetic industry . every hair shampoo is more or le same . they all contain the same amount of chemical in it . but still every company come up with different advantage of their shampoo . they say that thier shampoo is more effective that the other . sometimes it also happen that company make cheaper product and try to sell them at higher price . to do this they make false advertisemnt about their product . you can see this kind of advertisement for duplicate product . you can see this when a roaming salesperson come into your home for selling his product . gennerally they give wrong information about the product and try to sell them at a high price . it also happen that sometimes an advertisement say only good thing about a product . they hide away the bad thing . for an example , say someone want to sell slipping pill . the advertisement say that the sleeping pill is good , it will give you a good night sleep . but that sleeping pill might cause other symptom also . the advertisement is not going to tell you about that . but you ca n't say all of the advertisement give false information . some of the advertisement really give helpful information about a product . we should analyze an advertisement only on it 's true value .