yong people are enjoy life more than older people do . i am agree with this statement . now in present day young people are enjoyed well with copared to old day . because at this present time they have so many entertining equipment and these all are not available that olden day . and the world is developing rapidly . at a time the young people also worked hard to reach their goal and to reched their ambition . they are doing hardwork and enjoy at a time . they are seperated their time for working and for enjoying . now these present day so many young people are worked in many great company and corporate company , then they all are worked weekly five day for company and remaining two day they are enjoyed with their friend and family . so young people also do hardwork but they make some shedule and follow that . now so many young people are worked under some company or worked under some institute , but these company and institute are build by old people . so old people are worked in their young day without enjoyment and without free time then they can run that institute and company . from the above two sentence i can say that old people are worked hard than young people so with that reason they reached higher level . and these present day also have some yong managing director for company and also have some young industrialist , but they all are get that company and that industry from their parent and they run that company verywell . for suppose anil abani is great indusrialist and great managing director for relience company . but he get them from his father and he also workhard and developing their company and developing their share in present market . so finally i am supporting that the young people are enjoy their life more than older people and also they are workedhard and get good position in their life . and for hardworking older people one of the best example is bill gates . he is the owner of microsoft company . but now his child that mean his younger child are doing enjoy well and they are get that property from their parent and they are develope that company with hardwork .