i agree with the idea that most advertisement make product seem mech better than they really are . and i think this a natural behaviour for the advertisement business . in order to understand that , we should ask the question `` why do company advertise ? '' . advertisement is a tool to increase the profit of a company through the increase of production , which also mean that the increase in sale . today , lot of company use advertisement and advertisement is a vital tool for company . however , only a few of them really care about whether the advertisement are true . for that reason , advertisement is known a the art of lying in order to sell . advertisements can be seen everywhere , on the bus , at school , etc . there is no way for a modern person to escape it . so it a suitable tool for company to introduce their product . however , this introduction sometimes includes wrong information about their product . for example , a company can make people believe that it product are protective to sun eventhough scientist claim the failure of product strongly . the public forgets what the scientist say in a few day . and they are left with the advertisement that tell them to use the u.v. protective product of that company . as you can see , the advertisement is succesful a it can make people buy that thing but it is misleading . besides it bad or unethical usage , advertisement can help people in some way . if they are really used for their mentioned purpoes of introducing new product , they acknowledge the customer . so , the customer will be able to learn the property of the product and will have an opprtunity to compare different type . by that way , he can buy a better product for a better price . this is the ethical and expected use of advertisement . however the real life is not that smooth . to sum up , it can be stated that the unethical use of advetiesments cause misleading of people . however , company dont care that point a it importantance is related to their profit for them . however , the ethical use of that tool can help customer in many way .