i agree that young people enjoy life more than old people , due to some reason . these reason are namely ; young people are more energetic , they are healtier and they do not have concern for casualities . being energetic is very important to enjoy life , a it is the key to engage in entertaining activity like sport , dancing and going out with friend . i am sure that no any old person ha energy to do any of these ; a most of u ha seen in our grand parent . the second reason is related very much to the age , due to the fact that person is healthier if he or she is young . i think this is also very related to engaging in entertaining activity ; you might have observed your self when you are sick , which is a case that no body would like to go out to have fun . due to the fact that old people usually suffer from chronic or acute illness , they are le likely to have motivation to engage in activity , rather they are likely to stay in bed all day . approaching to the end , if we come to the third reason ; which is lack of concern for casualities , i think it is appropriate to state that this is the most prominent character of young people and is the leading factor in enjoying life . when a person ha a lot of responsibility to be accounted for , it will be very hard for that person to think about having fun , only thing to do in that case is to look for solution to existing problem . in old age , people usually have to deal with their ilnesses and with their possible problem with their child if they are still living together . while dealing with these problem , it can not be expected from a person to enjoy life . most of u might have observed this in our grand parent , especially if they are all the time ruminating on their illness , they are not likely to disengage their attention from these problem of old age and try to enjoy life . this might be related to a charecteristics of their age which we call a lack of energy and motivation to try hard . to sum up , i definitely agree that young people enjoy life more than old people a they have more energy to engage in activity that most people find entertaining , they do not have health problem that may take away the will to engage in activity , and most importantly there are not much causality in a young person 's life that ha to be dealt with ; even if there are , young people have requiered energy and motivation to solve them , that old people usually do not have .