i agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . one particular example is what i am currently observing in my community . i live in a residential area with my family which is close to shinjuku , a sort of entertaining center of tokyo . a month ago , the plan to build a huge studio-type apartment complex next to my place wa revealed . this new apartment is mainly targeting to people without family who work and study in shinjuku . as the area is very close to the entertaining area , it is much assumed that many of those who work a host and hostess at bar may live in the apartment . then , the big dispute occured and many people living in the community started to organize a movement to oppose to this plan . they say that this apartment will greatly damage the living condition of the people in the community . they meet regularly , prepare poster and frier and consult with local politician and lawyer in order to figure out how to stop the plan . however , none of the young people living there , including me , have not joined or even helped this community-wide opposition movement . people who have been actively involved are those who are over 60 . given this personal experience , i wonder why young people nowadays are not eager to help their community . first , i think young people have le attachment to the community they live in . for example , i know i will live at a different place when i have a job somewhere else . for young people , community are not permanent , while for older people community are where they live until they die . second , i believe that young people simply do not have enough time to help their community . they work long hour and have various commitment to other `` community '' they belong to , such a work place , school , virtual space on the internet and friend . and they know that using their precious time on these `` community '' can make their life more exciting and interesting than they do so for their real community . to sum up , i agree with the statement and i also think this is not something that we can easily change .