traffic in big city continue to increase day by day and the ammount of car on the street are constantly rising . some people think that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . i agree with statement because of the rapid improvement in technology and because of the decrease in petrol resource throughout the whole world . traffic is a major problem in metropolitan . for example in my city there ha been an incredible increase in the amount of traffic in the last year . roads are nearly everywhere covering nearly one third of the city landscape . there is nearly nowhere left where people can sit and enjoy the fresh weather , wherever people go in the city they smell the disturbing smell of petrol and chemical gas caused by car . i think in the coming year government will consider this a a great problem and they will start finding solution to this car problem . in my opinion technology will be their biggest aid in decreasing the amount of traffic in our city . the increase in petrol and gas resource in earth is undeniable . many scientist fear that in the coming year . there will be absolutely no resource left to use for car or other transport . we are living in a world that is constantly using these kind of resource without doing anything the reproduce them . imagine the world a a huge water wel . we are constantly taking little gulp from it not and thinking what will happen when the water is finished . as an addition the more we use these resource , the more expensive they get . this is why i think that human will be forced to create new way of transport . like transport that use sunlight or hydrogene for example instead of petrol . this way car will no longer be apart of our life and we will start using different kind of vehicle that have differnet name . as a result i think the amount of car in the coming year will increase because of the size of te problem stated above and human will start using alternative vehicle that wont cause the same problem and that will make life easier .