community development is one thing that the young people normally assosiate themselves with these day . by saying this statement i tend to disagree with the notion that young people dont give enough time for their community . all the young people of today world are very well educated and well versed with all the happening in today world . they spare a lot of time for the upliftment of their community whether it be a religional community or a regional one . i t doe make a huge amount of difference for them what it might be , they normally belive in the concept of returning the favour the community ha given them . this i totally believe in . one thing i would like to mention here is `` returning to the roots '' . this is something which we keep hearing all round these day , how would this notion be so excessively used if young people would not have spared time for their respective community . there are a lot of people who pursue their education abroad , work their for a couple of year and then come back to their native and help or serve their community . how many industralists have we seen who have studied in the finest college of the world and have come back and started their own industry in their native . another thing which come to mind is that people who haved a certain postion in their life have come back to their root and worked for the upliftment of their community . the best example i would like to give is of martin luther king though a long time ago , worked for the upliftment of his community after attaining a substantial position in his life . his credential speak for himself and such is his aura that people of his community still treat him a a demi-god . mr.j.r.d tata , one of the most renowned people in the field of aviation wa educated in one of the best universties of the world but he came back to india and served his people by building industry in his native place . there are many example of people who have come back and served their community . there are various multi national company who extensively indulge in helping people of certain community . i am sure that there would be a large number of young people involved in such kind of noble deed . one more thing i would like to state is that most of the minister who have been elected a representative of their communties , would mostly help out their kinsman and their community first rather than thinking about others . i guess most of the minister these day are well educated youngster who have a zeal to work for their community . returning to the roots which wa mentioned previously , explains the plight of the indutrialists who more often than not concentrate on setting up an industry in their native place thereby providng job oppurtunities to people of his community . i therefore strongly disagree to the view that youngsters do not give enough time to their communties and i believe and hope that most of the youngster would support my view by supporting their respective community .