i completely agree with the statement that `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are '' . now-a-days the compitition is so high that the people really pay a good amount of money to these advertisement company in order to sell their product . for example in tele shopping advertisement , they give all the benificial detail but never tell about the illeffects they have on u . as these day united states is faceing `` obeasity and stress '' a major problem , the focus of the pharmacutical company is to develop the sliming pill a well a the stress relieving pill which act instantly after egestion . and later on these drug are commercialised in order to make large group of population aware of them . and it then when the advertising company come into picture . the advertising company provides evidence of all most all the possiable benifits which the population will have after consumming these drug . now-a-days even they provide the population with the evidances of the medical professional who clame that using these will really benifit the people . but these company never bring into picture the long term ill effect which these drug have on human . and thus we , the general population , get the impression of the product a the best product which is certainly not if long term effect are taken into concideration . on ethical ground , i do not support this because i believe that no body ha right to play with the health and money of the population and if the product is to be sold to the population , probably the population should be told all the possiable effect that product will have , whether positive or negative . this way atleast the advertising company will not be doing injustice to the population in order to be competitive or make more money . let the people decide whether the product is benificial for them or not . every body know that nothin is 100 % pure n correct so why to hide the negative . thus ll these advertising company should focus on is keeping all the aspect of the product in front of the population which actually they are supposed to do and let the people make the final decision .