nowadays , education is one of the most important thing in our life . in school , teacher teach student some concept which are related to the course . however , in whole life , people use not only these concept but also individual experience . it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . i strongly disagree this statement . because , there are some fact which are more significiant than the idea and concept and only can learn from real life . first of all , concept and idea are crucial for our business life . however , we cant forget that fact are more vital than those . for instance , in school , teacher teach u only the concept of lived phenomenas . in life the concept of something can not be helpful for people . visibility , in other term , living the concept in real life is always more helpful and necessary than invisibility . secondly , people should learn the fact . when , they face a problem , they cant solve problem with concept or idea . they can solve problem only with their personal experience . people 's experience ' are developing and improving with lived problem or fact . for example , when i wa in university , i had finance course . in this course , the proffessor taught u the principle of finance and cash management . i understood all of the principle . after this course in order to improve my finance ability , i went to the central bank of rebuplic of turkey in order to make an internship in banking and financial institutions department which is based on financial transaction . first day of my internship , i cant implement the concept and idea which i learnt from university . however , from day to day , i started to learn the fact about financial transaction and because of reality , i became more successful at the end of my internship . consequently , in my opinion , it is more significiant for people or student to learn fact than it is for them to understand idea and concept . visibility is more crucial than invisibility . because , we live in real world . thus , only real fact and real experience can help u in this challenging world !