i personally agree with the statement that it is very important for student to understand idea and concept rather than just learning the fact because for a student getting to understand many fact is very important before applying it on . for example , let u take a student who in school stage appears for an exam . if he prepares a particular lesson in the syllabus by mere mugging or learning the fact in the textbook without getting to understand the concept and the idea of about what the lesson express , it would be very difficult for him to pen down on his examination because one cant rely basically only on the memory . what if the student get tensed a soon a he see the question of that particular portion . being more anxious could result in palpitation and tends to forget what he memorised , may not put forth the answer . instead if the student would have made just to understand about the idea and concept then it would be easy for him to put forth and develop in his own word too which may actually be an expressive thought and eventually fetch him more mark . take an other example of a research student . a reasearch paper to be completed need lot of information which should be compiled properly to meet the requirement of the research study . for this to happen a student try to gather many information and material , take note , read . establish in mind how to put in order need lot of idea . only if he could understand the basic concept of that particular subject or paper he can develop new idea which will fetch him good note to complete a research paper eventually winning praise for his work which show confidence . this will be very useful for the student if he is asked to deliver a paper presentation , because he ha already understood the concept and the basic idea which ha given him the confidence to express and deliver in public gathering . another example could also be taken which wa proved , that is the newton 's law of gravity . just because newton had the capacity to understand his topic to be invented his thought process welcomed the idea and thus the law of gravity wa exposed to the world . if he would have just learned the fact probably till now the law of gavity wouldnt have been in exixtence . thus i come to the conclusion that it is important for student to understand idea and concept rather than to learn merely the fact only and i stand for my choice .