i do not agree with the statement `` it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . '' facts are point of information which are a hundred percent right , can not be denied and can be proven right an infinite amount of time . the law 's of gravity are example of factual information . this information can never be proved wrong therefore it is important for a student to learn this rather than information that could be wrong . concepts and idea also have a huge amount of importance regarding the education of a student however it is not a inporntant a factual information . this idea are only someone theory and thought , they have n't been proved right yet . when theory or idea are proven to be right they become fact . when comparing these two type of information one must look at their origin . if a fact is a theory or idea that ha been proven to be right the inportance of this information is therefore greater than the inportance of the idea . students need to learn about law or fact in order to really know how to approach and especific research . theories are very often rejected and replaced by others , this constant rejection of theory is why theory lose inportance throughout time . there wa a time when the earth wa believed to be flat , this wa a theory . when technology gave men the power to actually investigate this theory the idea wa rejected and therefore replaced by a fact , that the earth is round . correct knowledge is what actually matter in a student 's education . if the information learned wa wrong then there is no purpose on learning that . ideas and concept still play a huge factor because in order to investigate something there must be a theory and someone willing to prove it wrong . i no one figured that the earth wa flat it is likely that none would have tried to actually find out . therefore the inportance of each kind of information can vary and often depends on the student belief and goal . if the student is more interested in scientific reserch then both kind of informantion must be equally evaluated . but if the student is in to le scientific or objective activity like art and music concept and idea play a bigger role .