i can see a lot of advertisement when i walk on the road or drive the road . also , i can see advertisement in tv comercal . i agree with most adbertisemebts make product seem much better than they really are . there are a lot of reason that i think . first , when i wa in japan , i went to shopping with my friend . we were very hungry at that time , so we went to have lunch then we saw a lot of advertisement of food such a sweet , humbergar , spaggetie , and japanese food . afterwards , we decided to have lunch in one restourant , but when we ordered lunch , it didi n't seem it that we saw advertisement in front of the shop . we were very dissapointed that this is very diffrent between advertisement and real one . second , neary 2 year ago , i got in america to study my major . i am an international student from japan in the united states . i see a lot of advertisement on tv hambergar in particular . now i cook japanese food by myself because when i saw one of the hamburger shop comershal , it looked really delicious , so i and my friend went there to eat ; however , it wa jut too big , and taste wa not good . as a result , i do n't believe the kind of advertisement . advertisments in the united state is more awful than japanese advertisments . they make food delicious or beautiful , but it taste horroble . on the other hand , in japan they also make food delicious , but it is very delicious actually , so company in america should improve this kind of thing . thrid , the company should tell really thing to customer because that kind of happning occur everyday , almost all of customer might not believe company . there are only 2 example , but i have gotten more problem about these thing . i agree with most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are because i have gotten kind of problem , so i do n't really believe in advertisments especially food . company should make good advertisments then show custmers . if they do n't do it from this time , almost all of customer might not believe it anymore .