i do agree to the statement that say `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide. '' because it is a safer way to travel , it is well organized , you make new connection and learn very intresting insight on the country . i do believe travelling in a group led by a tour guide is better than travelling alone because it ensures your security in a country unknown to you . this is especially true if you visit a third world country that speaks a different language than yours . for example , last summer i went to ecuador . while this country is knowned for having many pickpocket , i never got robbed or felt i wa watched or followed because i wa with a group . i also felt safe because the tguide wa from the country and knew where to go . i am sure that if i had gone by myself to ecuador , i wouldm < t have felt safe . hence , group are a good way to feel safe when you travel . another reason why travelling wiht a group led by a leader is a the best way to visit another country is all the insight given by the tour guide . the tour guide know a lot about the countrie < s history , and his knowledge certainly help you better understand the culture , the people and the language of the country you are visiting . even though you might have read about the country in book , the guide always ha more interesting approach and interesting fact and anecdote that you would not find in book . thus , a guide will make your trip more interesting . thirdly , travelling with a group and a guide is le stressful than travelling alone . in fact , a guide take care of hotel reservation and activity ; you don < t have to worry about anything . isn < t the main purpose of travelling to escape from the stress of work ? also , the guide generally organizes a lot of activity that you wouldn < t ha ve done if you had visited the country alone . therefore , travelling with a guide let you experience the culture through many activity and make your stay more enjoyable . for example , i would't have gone rafting , canyonering , snorkeling , etc. if all these activity had n't been organized by a guide . hence , travelling with a group give you the opportunity to make more activiies . finally , when you travel with a group , you make new friend . the group is your temporary family and people you can relate to because you come form the same background . i personnally think sharing a trip with a group is a lot better because you sahre your new experience with them and you