i agree with the statement that `` most advertisement make product seem better than they really are '' . most company advertise product produced using an old technology , cheaper in quality , and selling an old product with a new advertisement . first , most company that market new product using an old technology make a very few change , change that are irrelevant to the final product , and advertise it a an all together new product . for example , in the past few year with the buzz around nanotechnology , a lot of company have been advertising product which are supposed to be using nanotechnology . the truth is there are very few product that use nanotechnology in the product devlopement in the market . these company are trying to cheat customer by using the buzz word , but not actually making an relevant change in the technology used for making the product . second , a lot of company spend huge amount of money in designing fancy advertisments and producing product of cheaper quality . the money that they spend for these costly advertisement could be used for improving the quality of the product . so , the money is not being channelised in the right direction . these advertiser are big cheat by selling cheaper quality product with better advertisments . third , we must have seen a lot of toothbrush advertisments over year . these company really donot make any change in the functionality of the old product . all that they do is design a new fancy shape or name and sell it at a higher rate , including the advertisment cost in the price of the product . so , the customer are being cheated by seeing these advertisments and buying old product with no new functionality . finally , i believe there should be stringent set of rule that prevent company advertising just to improve their market capitalization . there should be rule which state that no company can advertise a new product unless they have made a certain number of new change in their product . if they plan to advertise an old product , they should put a statuary notice saying that this is an old product with a new advertisement . i would definetly agree that advertiser make product seem much better than they are .