when traveling , people always try to plan everything they can . they look for the best city to visit , the perfect hotel , the cheapest plane tarif , and the greatest activity to do while being there ; but sometimes planning all this by your own can be a little bit difficult . that is why , i will recomend to all the traveler looking for an adventure , to try a new experience , by letting a tour guide show you and another bunch of people all the thing a new city could offer . when a person is in charge of guiding you through a city you are not familiar with , you can be sure , that guide will show you the most interesting place , will take you to the important museum , will point all the monument , and in the mean time will explain to you everything there is tho know about the city and it history . it is a great opportunity for a person that actually know the place to show you arround . in this kind of travel , you will have to adjust to a strict schedule , where you will even have an specific time for breakfast . you have to take into account that having a schedule is not always a bad thing , a it will enable you to use all the time you have wisely . if you are one of those who can wake up at 7am , have a day full of activity , go to bed at 11pm , and be ready the next day to start all over again , this kind of adventure is for you . if you are traveling with your family , there is always a time during the trip you want to get rid of one or two member of the family . that is why if you travel in a group , you will have the opportunity to interact with people from different place , different culture , and the most important , from different family . you can have a trip two week long , without getting bored , a there will be always someone new to talk to . a lot of parent when taking their family to vacation , have the worry that something may go wrong , or that someone may not like what they have planned . when going with a tour guide , you have someone you can rely on , someone that ha to solve any problem it may occur ; and if anyone doe not like what wa planned , you can always blame the tour guide . having a tour guide can be an excellent choice , if you choose an excellent tour guide . be aware that there are million of option in every country you may want to visit , so be sure to evaluate all the alternative , and to choose the one that best suit you .