it is sometimes said that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . in the following i want to give some reason why i personally don | t agree with this opinion . firstly , for many people using their car is the most convenient possibility to reach the destination they want to go to . of course , there is public transport . but when you travel by bus or by subway you nearly never reach your destination directly . because most of the people like to have it a comfortable a possible they will continue using their car . furthermore , especially train are a very expensive way to travel . secondly , oil price have just started to decline . this will probably lead to cheaper petrol price , so the cost factor is also no immediate reason to use fewer car . and there is no sign that this will changed rapidly . there are huge oil and gas resource , particularly in russia . so , petrol will remain relatively cheap . moreover the lobby of the carmaker is very powerful . there are important brand with much influence all over the world . that is because they employ hundred of thousand of worker and a reduction of using car would certainly lead to more unemployment . as far a i can see they would dramatically protest against any possible restriction of using car and do everything to attract new customer with interesting feature of their product . it is also worth mentioning that the state itself can not have any real interest to reduce the number of car . of course , the greens are an important political party in many country but finally the lobby of the environmentalist is not powerful enough . the state receives much money from car owner who have to pay tax on their car and on the petrol they use . nowadays , people are more interested in topic such a security and education than the protection of the environment . so , politicans of the people | s party don | t see any necessity to campaign for fewer car . of course , riding your bike or just walking can be even greater fun than driving a car . if more people decided to change their habit and think more seriously about the pollution caused by too much car traffic , i would certainly be happy . however i do not think this will happen in the next twenty year .