there is staement such a `` fewer caes in wu in 20 year than there are today '' . logically , the number of car have been growing . but , some cuntries try to reduce the number of car so that in 20 year there are possibility to have fewer car than today . for example , korea , they have recommended to the pele that using the transport rather than their own car . sinece 1900 's , the number of car have enomoursly increasing in korea . because of that the envorinment have been damaged and more peoole have got a disease from the pollution whcih never happened before 1900 . from article from times , which i read , some country think about restiriction on the car . thesd country government would like to put the law to prevent to increase the car in there countires . they try to made that law to pas in congress because of high level of pollution and accident . on the other hand , the world become convincable to live , the peope who live developing country would like to buy a new car . china is the one of the fastest deveolping country now . they become much more richer than 30 year ago . the most famous car company , audi , hyun dai , and voswagen have alredy been bulit in china and produced their car to sell the chian peole . also , the china government enouraged their citizen to buy new car and high technology good . also , the become more competitive car market , according to market rule , the price will go down , so many people can offered the new car in cheap price . the car company may deveople their car a good for environment . such a hydgogen gas car they have already invented for environment , in the future , they will invernt more good and unharmful car for both people and envrioment . there are two case uch a korea case where want to reduce the car and china where ha just started to develop their country . the number of car will not be reduced because of it convience , even if it is not good for environemt and making accident . if the scientist or car engineer invented car whcih is good for both environment and people , there will be no matter about the amount of car at that time .