in twenty year , there will be fewer car in use than there are today , because of limited natural resource , improved transportation service and financial disadvantage of using car . first of all , most of the car today are using benzin-oil a fuel . the problem is that for producing benzin people need petrol which is a limited natural resource . in twenty year the petrol on the world would be very limited and there would n't be enough petrol for many car a in today . of course people are searching for other energy resource for car like solar energy , and there are car working with solar energy , but those technology are far away from today and most probably in 20 year they would still be unusable in real life situation a the engineer believe in so . in all over the world multi-passenger transportation system is improving , even right know the subway are very efficient and cheap for transportation . with the improving technology those subway are geting faster and faster , and needing le fuel . even more they have produced a train faster than any train right know , which work with magnetic energy mean that it doe n't need natural resource to operate . so in the near future it would be highly possible that most people would use multi-passenger system , because of their speed and low cost . lastly , in twenty year the benzin price would be very expensive because there would be very le petrol in the world . even today the benzin is very expensive , and most people do n't use car to avoid that kind of financial loss . people start to understand the advantage of the subway in financial criterias , and if we consider the fact that the decrease in petrol would increase the price of the benzin , even though most people prefer using car , they will stop using car and look other option for transportation like subway in near future because of the financial drawback of using car . it is obvious that most people want to use car ; but because of the limited resource in nature and financial consideration , in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today .