i do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . the statement is very vague and general to begin with , and furthermore , it provides no support a to what enjoying implies . it is not correct to generalize or stereotype such large number of people . young people , a well a older people , are very different amongst each other . some young people enjoy life , while others hate it , and the same happens with older people . assuming that generalizing is correct , though , i would still disagree with the statement . one can not compare `` apple with orange '' . when it come to young people , enjoying life might mean enjoying going to party or club to dance and meet new people . when speaking of older people , enjoying life could mean enjoying reading a good book or listening to classical music , or even sleeping ! even though at first glance a party might sound more fun or enjoyabel than sleeping , the older person might actually enjoy sleeping much more than the young person enjoys partying , and therefore be enjoying life even more . a past experience with my grandfather illustrates my point perfectly . i always thought he wa very boring and that his life wa pretty sad , given the fact that he stayed home most of the time . however , i once walked into his study where he wa just sitting on a couch holding my grandmother 's hand , quietly listening to classical music , and i realized his eye were watery with emotion . he wa enjoying that moment so deeply it wa hard for me to understand , but i realized he simply enjoyed life in a very different way that i did ; not more , not le , simply different . furthermore , `` the older the wiser '' explains my disagreement even further . with experience , people experiment many activity and situation in life , and they learn to identify which one they enjoy more . a more experienced or older person ha learned over the year to enjoy specifically those thing that make them the happiest . by focusing more specifically on those thing that they like , older people enjoy life more deeply . on the other hand , young people tend to expose themselves constantly to new experience , and even though there is a thrill to getting to know new thing , it is usually with time that one learns to actually enjoy experience to their fullest . young people , in their constant attempt to explore new thing , usually dont have time to focus enough to actually get to enjoy thing to their deepest . the statement is a vague and unsuported generalization , which make it difficult for me to agree with it . every person is different , regardless of age , and what one person might enjoy , another might not . this doe not imply that either person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .