although it might seems that younger people enjoy life more than older people do , one need to be careful before making such assumption . young people certainly for the most part seem to be more extroverted about the way they pursue experiencing , and having fun . perhaps this is the reason why the market is loaded with a plethora of outlet for them to consume and experience `` joy '' or better said `` fun '' . nowdays a technology advance there seems to be a never ending industry aimed to providing entertainement for young folk . this explosion of gadget and toy certainly can be distracting to the not-so analytical eye and might lead to believe what the statement say . however , i consider that older people enjoy life a much , if not more than young people because they have reached the maturity for doing so in a more simpler way ; and because they might have mastered the basic element that conceive the art of enjoyment at it purest essence . certainly the joy of older people tend for the most part to manifest differently from those of the younger crowd . and therfore being unperceptible to the young and inexperienced eye . one of the reason is simply because older people did experience similar `` joy '' when they were young and do not need them anymore . the other reason is because they might make `` le noise '' about the way they enjoy life . some may say that when older folk were young they did not have all the technological toy that are present today in the market and therefore they could not enjoy life a young people do today . certainly , play stations , dvd , and mp3 were not around 20 year ago , however , technology such a radio , television , record player , and more that are taken for granted today , were inovative technological `` toy '' thirty and fifty year ago that provided plenty opportunity for the youth of that time to enjoy life . certainly , it is much easier to travel today than it wa fifty year before , but then most people did not think of it a a way of enjoying life . one can even go further and try to think about non-western society where electronic gadget are not part of everyday life . there too , young people tend to enjoy life differently than older folk . young men might go hunting and young girl might be involved in weaving while elder do n't do these activity anymore . perhaps there the difference might be that more often than in our society , both young and old people gather together to enjoy for instance story telling session , where the elder are the main provider of fun and the youngers one become apprentice of the way they will enjoy life later on .