today , scientific technology is developing continuously . the field of scince is helping our life a lot in many way . one example is transportaion . people should spend a lot more time to move from one place to another place when they did n't have transportation but it became possible a they have many different way of transportation . for example , subway , train , airplane , bike , car and so on . they brought u a lot of advantage . however , the transportation have also disadvantage . in my opinion , in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are toay because car cause pollution and are dangerous . first , car bring pollution to u a producing a lot of exhaust gas . to move car , we have to use gasoline gas or lpg gas now . however , those gas are extremly harmful to our society . they affect u to end up the various disease and increasing of carbon dioxide in the air . as we breath , we are taking dirty particle from the air . also , increasing carbon dioxide is serious problem now in the world . it could lead to bigger problem such a global warming which also cause many different event including melting ice mountain so that the level of the ocean is getting higer . using more car mean that we are going to bring more environmental problem to the world . second , car are dangerous a i said before . there are so many accident occuring everyday by car . we can reduce those accident by practicing not to use car . instead of using car , we could use other transportation which cause le accident . also , the issue of traffic jam affected by car accident in the middle of the highway could be the problem . as they solve the problem of accident , more people could have damage from it . cars could bring u dangerous accident including death . in conclusion , development of scientific technology would help to create better transportation than car so that people could use it without causing pollution and accident . therefore , in twenty year there wilil be fewer car in use than there are today .