i would disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communties . to understand the question one need to understand what a community is and how it ha undergone transition in today 's era of what we call a knowledge economy/society . traditional community ha been understood to be a closed knit section of people who share similar culture , ethnic , artistic , lingustic , religious or even political sensibility . so we have community based on religion , geography and politics . tradtionally interaction within a community wa more restricted to within itself and interaction with the other wa not encouraged which led to a close knit community and encouraged greater involved of community in the nurture of it young one and therefore had far more of their time . like the current american society and the closed amish society , the amount of time spent by the community on it young one varies greatly . with the advancement of technolgies , influence were far more rampant and diffusion of idea took place , reducing the hold of a community on it member . also the advent of internet ha given birth to online communties with is often seen a a detachment from the real world . these above are often cited a reason for lesser involvement by the younger generation , which is a wrong notion . because what is known a ethos of a communtity nevertheless pervades through it newer member , only the mean of expression change . in india for instance they say the younger generation no longer respect gandhian ideal , but if one look closely at contemporary writing and cinema , the ideal still remain there but the word have changed . as far a online community go , we have instance of community arising on the net in response to certain crisis , like the iraq war or to protest against certain issue . so these community become a voice for the younger generation to be heard and make their contribution to their community to accuse the younger generation of being untrue to their community is a heresy because in a globalised world and with advent of post modernist philosophy increasingly pride is placed on the smaller story and celebration of diversity is promoted which compels individual to take pride in their community and they become representative of their community to the larger audience . today we have the young celebrating their festival with more gusto because they understand the meaning behind it and become the promoter of their community . as far a helping out the community that is understood a social work , i believe at no other time is history wa more involvement of the youth in ngos or cbos ( community based organization ) . the idea expressed in youth lingo is that social work is `` cool '' and development job of the youth especially in developing country , for they the capability to change . i say that because i am a part of such group and we see the young coming forward to help the community , fight for the right of it and to change previous wrong by mean of street play , protest , chain sm and email for instance . universal education and awareness ha made the youth more culturally and environmentally sensitive and so we see instance of student organization at school and collegs working on social cause and even entering into politics . in view of above idea and example i would reaffirm my view that today 's youth is more involved with his communtiy and indentifies with it and is involved in helping it progress .