is it better to travel with a tour ? i would have certainly answered yes to this question a long time ago , however i changed my mind completely . it all started five year ago when i organized a trip to europe with my best friend . first of all i 'll write about the disadvantage from my own point of view , and later on i will expose the advantage of a guide while you are travelling . when travelling with a tour guide you have almost everything controlled , even the timing for the bathroom . are those really vacation ? certainly it is easier if you do n't know the place you are visiting and your are not a risk taker person . he or she will take you to the most important sight of the place you are visiting , but if you really liked a place , such a a little town , a museum or plaza , you wo n't be able to take your time and stay there . a bus will be waiting for you , with people in it , also waiting for you . what if you want to go back and buy that souvenir you left for the end of the visit ? well you are not going back because there is a schedule to respect in order to comply with it . i gues that the worst part of travelling with a tour is the group . you might be lucky and be part of a very fun group where all of the people ha more le the same interest . but , what happens if you are the younguest one in a tour where almost everybody is in their 60 's ! that obviously will not be fun , or everyone is travelling in couple and you are alone , it will be more complicated to make friend and hang out during the day . another complicated thing about tour is that generally , they stop in the most important place to visit , and there might also be magical little town and spot that are worth visiting . a tour is going to give you the general idea of the country you are visiting , it will not take you to the local place where local people go . in the other hand , travelling with a group can also be fun and can give solution to a lot of small planning problem that can be presented when le expected . sometimes , when you are travelling by yourself you do n't spend too much time to eat , and a tour is contemplating that time , specially during breakfast . also a tour is going to keep you very well informed about historic passage and data that is always useful to know . addtionally , there will always be someone that can communicate with local if you do n't speak their language . if you are a precautious person , you will make some research about the people that will be also travelling with you , because they are going to be your family during your stay . it will surely be fun if you take a trip with a tour where all of the tourist are your age . travelling in a tour led by a guide can always be fun if you keep in mind that you are not going to have complete control of the situation . maybe it 's the best option if your are travelling to a very different country like china or russia . however , it is always fun to be adventurous and explore new thing by yourself . always make a deep research of the place you are visiting in order to avoid further complication . i certainly think that making a trip with or without a tourist guide is always fun , it all depens on how well you want to spend your time and the disposition you have to make fiend and have fun .