enjoyment is the basic ingredient of life . enjoyment basically need time , mood and the passion for it . enjoyment should not be trapped within the boundary of age . an old person can also enjoy just like a young person doe and sometime can do even more than youngster so , i do not agree with the statement . older people have more time to enjoy the life peacefully and comfortablly . most of them are retired and are over with their responsibility . they can always utilize this time in doing the thing they like and enjoy most . fo instance i have a friend whose grand parent remain free all the time and mostly they stay out of the house . they have joined so many club and society . they visit some new tourist place every year for the sake of outing . they are living life much better than there son who is always busy with the load of work . old person doe not have any responsibility on him so by that he can always enjoy his work , his trip better , regardless of what is happening back at home . they can concentrate only on present without thinking about risk of future because of the major responsibility like kid , business ha been covered or being tranfered to the kid . the enjoyment doe not always mean freaking out with the friend , dancing , clubing etc . every person ha it own way to enjoy the life . some person do not do any evident thing but still they enjoy their life for example my aunty enjoys sitting home , listening and reading mythological topic . she enjoys viewing her grand childrens activity a lot and these kind of thing can only be tasted at the older age . on the contrary older people are mostly the victim of some major health problem . they fail to enjoy the time because of their disability . they are not aware of the modern way to enjoy and hence limit themselves to the limited sphere of influence . they also have limited amount of money to finance their trip mandatory for the enjoyment . finally i would epitomize it by saying that enjoyment doe not see the age , it just go after your passion for it . however old you may be , however scarce you can be , you can always learn the way to enjoy your life according to the circumstance