to be successful you have to take risk and experiment new thing ! i definitely support this vision of life and there are many reason why i believe so . first of all we should learn from history and from our recent past that many successful people tried innovative thing , instead of continuing doing the usual , and their creativity and courage to take risk ha been prized . for example , in many field of art , from cinema to graphic design , from theater to painting , people who took risk to create and promote form of art that were different and new and maybe even ` risky ' for the big public , are now on art history book and are considered a master of contemporary art ! a second reason why i strongly think that innovative thing are a fundamental basis for success is that thing that represent ` the norm ' or ` the usual ' have their own market and this market is very unlikely to increase when it ha reached a very established and balanced steady state . but innovative thing can open new market from nothing ! think about the fast food industry in italy in the 80 ! before the 80 italians were not used to fast food , the way it wa intended in the united states . the first business man who decided to open the first hamburger fast food had to fight against the usual habit of italian people to eat a simple `` panino '' [ sandwich in italian ] or pizza . sure the decision wa risky , but 25 year down the line we have a mcdonald 's or a burger king in any city centre . .. even adjecent to very important and beautiful historical building . maybe our landscape have not benefited from it , but the owner of these chain had a great deal with his innovative entreprenourial attitude . it can certainly be argued that for every positive and succesfull experience there are many others that do n't reach the same goal of notoriety or economical success and risk is always a matter of chance ! nevertheless it is certainly true that , by not taking the risk of trying new thing , success is very hard to obtain if one keep doing the same and doe not differentiate himself or herself from the rest of the people .