it go without saying that young people are often considered a happy people , whereas an old person epitomizes the lack of energy , or even death . indeed , young people stand for happiness , they are often said to be very carefree , they enjoy life . part of the reason is probably because they are very close to the outbreak of life , they represent life a such . on the contrary , old people remind u that life is short , they encapsulate death , the disease . they often have health problem , so that they are not considered a people who enjoy life , nowadays , when eternal youth is extolled in the medias , a evidenced by the surge in aesthetic surgery over the past few year , which is a way for old people to keep looking young . moreover , they have achieved everything in their life , so one might assume they have no goal to reach anymore , they have no reason to keep alive . for example , some research pointed out that it 's very difficult for old people to find a job since the enterprise balk at hiring them , people assume they are inefficient , or at least le efficient than young people . on the contrary , young people are often dynamic , they yearn for action , they are said to have a lot of activity , to be ambitious , unlike old people . however , this assertion can be disparaged a unduly pessimistic , and not a jot wart and all . indeed , this vision of the issue is outright shallow , since there is a lot of activity for senior , they have accomplished everything , they have worked during their whole life , so they consider their old day a the time when they finally can relax , have a lot of leisure , do whatever they want because they do n't have to work anymore , they have a lot of free time , hence the surge in activity for old people , like sport , language course , etc . a lot of old people do a lot of activity with their grand child , they have a lot of time to spend with them . on the other hand , young people are in the outset of their life , insofar a they must worry about their future , their job , etc. they are pressured into succeeding in life , they have to work hard , and it 's a tremendous obsession , that 's w they are probably le carefree than old people .