nowadays they are a lot more car than they were before . althought i really think than in twenty year there will be fewer car in use a today . since the invention of the oil motor , car appeared . it us only grew day after day . today it is rare to meet somebody wihtout a car of his own or a driving licence . but it is normal . yes it is . having a car of my own avoids taking a bus or subway , which is le comfortable and of course not that fast . further morre having my own car increase my self-confidence because it is me , and no one else , who drive , who ha got the power . contrairly to this we all can see a recess on car-using , and i sincerelly think that this is due to city ' massive growth and to the environmental care . first of all is to be seriously considered the enormous growth of the important city in the world for industrial , commercial , cultural , administrative or turistic reason . the result of this growht is the congestion of the city , which make appear those big traffic jam that take place the long journey throught . this last consequence push the inhabitant to use the subway or other public transport system . the congestion and traffic jam will get higher a the city grow and we will never ever want to take the car again . another big reason for believing that car ' use will decrease in the next twenty year is the pollution problem . since the early 1970 a environmental concern ha been highly spread ( amog young people at is best ) , and not only because it design a way of life , but also because our world is seriously injured . this make u think about all the pollution that the human being creates , and among all of this is air pollution , caused in some way by the car . therefore our worry will make u use the same transport so that the consume cease , and not so many car , for only one 's use . to conclude i like to point out that in twenty year the car use will decrease because this both reason . we will think it twice when we want to take the car because of patcience and environmental concern . maybe that a restriction is endured by the government which prhibites the car 's use in city .