in term of limited availabilty concerning natural resource , which is a common topic nowadays , this is quite an interesting question . in the following i will proceed by depicting several arguements and idea , either supporting or speaking against this statement . as already mentioned shortly above , resource which are necessary for a car , such a gasoline , do only exist on to a certain time in the future . some specialist state that oil will be sufficient for at least another 50 year , others calculated only 15 year . with our today technology , hardly any car will drive once these resource have been wasted . therefor , the number of car may have declined significantly in 20 year . a further point supporting the statement is the fact of growing environmental pollution . in order to save our planet , people will have to reduce emission , for instance by driving around in car le often . instead people could rely on public transport . on the other hand , there is a remarkable trend towards a growing number of car in the world . nations like china or india for example still have only a very low percentage of car owner among their inhabitant . while economy and prosperity in these country are growing rapidly , the number of car is growing even faster . and this trend is not going to weaken within the next year . besides , new technology are developed permanently . one common example in term of the automobile market is the solar energy . already today , solar energy is used in car technology and presumeably it is only a question of time when these new generation of vehicales is available on the market . from my point of view , there is another very important fact one should consider . over the last 100 year , since henry ford started to produce car in huge quantity , the car ha become a normal thing to own for people in the industrialized country , representing a certain comfort and a well a status of social recognition . obviously people will be unwilling to up thing like car just in order to safe our resource or environment ! altough resource are limite and a growing number of car will mostlikely not be a support in order to save the nature , i am absolutely convinced that the number of car will increase within the next 20 year . peolpe will always find a way to stay mobile , mostly through new technoligies .