i respectfully disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i see that many of my young friend are engaged in something that is ultimately aimed to helping their community . for example , some of them do social work , including helping homeless , elderly people and disables . they want to feel socially useful and helping the others ultimately make them feel closer to the community they live in . they are so enthusiastic about their social work that they try to make a much time a possible to dedicate to it . i have done and continue to do social work myself . however , time is never enough , particularly if one considers that social work is generally unpaid . my friend and i do social work in our spare time . in fact all of u have different main job , which are important to pay the bill ( but working to pay the bill is not always just enough ) . some other friend of mine are engaged in local politics . they believe that they can change their society in a way that is more suitable to their value and reality . they have therefore decided to play an active role in shaping local politics . this is not an easy task , at least where i come from . existing politics belong to a different generation and generally view younger people a too unexperienced for politics . on the contrary , i see young people 's political commitment a just another way to helping their community . and is n't it true that politics should be the expression of democracy and participation of all citizen ( including young people ) to our society ? on the basis of these example , taken out of my personal experience , i believe that young people more and more try to find time to helping their community , because they want to change the reality they live in . however , my experience may well be different from other reality and other part of the world , where the participation of young people in their community is limited . i feel that helping their community can be very rewarding for young people who make time for that . at least this is what i have seen in my own experience .