i agrees with the statement that the young people recently do not spend enough time on helping their society . because of that fact , many older adult complaint about the lack of vounteering activity of young generation into the society . however , young people have several crucial reason for that . i can point out two main reason for this situation : absolute lack of time given to young people for helping community and enhanced status of community compared to the previous . first , there is no enough time given to young people for helping the community because of doing other important thing . these day , the competition for the job and money between young people are getting more severe and complicated . as the certain preferred job among young people are limited and many young people want to achieve it , they really need to satisfy various requirement requested by the company . for example , a the society is getting enlarged to the global world , the fluency in other language are critical . this make young people to go abroad for certain period to study other language and broaden their view . however , this usually cost a lot for the young people to afford which make them to work many hour concurrently in their youth . other general requirement for young people from the company is to have a experience of internship in a big company prior to enter their company . so , they need to prepare for the application and interview for that . all these requirement force young people to work on many thing during their youth . therefore , in order to successively achieve their goal , they will not have enough time to volunteer for the community . second , the status of the community become much better and enhanced compared to the previous period which all the citizen needed to participate on developing community . if our community ha been struggling in to the severe problem such a the long-lasting drought , wide spread of contagious disease among people , or extreme overpopulation of abandoned elder and orphan , young people would be willing to participate to make the cummunity better . however , the current cummunities doe not seem to require all young people to participate in making a better community . it look like it can be achieved through the help of young people who have enough time and older people who can be actively involved in community based on their matured and various experience .