for writing a comment on a statement it is essential that we provide a description of the actual situation first . at this time the automotive industry is one of the biggest industry in the world , combining a great number of globally leading company like toyota , daimler-chrysler and bmw . the sale figure for car are still rising , especially in emerging market like china and india and the forecast until the next decade do not suggest a shift in this trend . this extreme market growth is the problem for the several problem we are facing today . cars are one of the main reason for the air pollution in city and metropolitan area , infrastructure project for car destroy enormous amount of nature environment and because the car is a vehicle for the individual transport of people , it is not able to deal with the more rapidly increasing world population . newest trend in the sector try to establish alternative fuel technology like hybrid technology or fuel cell to decrease the amount of emission a car produce and to give the customer a chance to be independent from high gas price . in the u.s. the toyota prius is selling excellent and this ha got one main reason : the people do not want to use public transportation and favor individual transport method . this reason is the basement of my personal opinion , that there will not be a significant decrease in the number of used car in twenty year . no government would accept a development where the very costly infrastructure for car get useless . modern and fast public transportation system are rare and mostly to be find on railway ( ice , tgv , etc. ) , but the accident of the transrapid recently showed that the technology of these new rail-transportation method is unsafe and not capable of being introduced widely in the world . instead the car will evolve in a way , which will make it suitable for the condition it will face in the near future . the electronic assistents within the car will be 100 percent responsible for the driving and the car will be navigated on the motorway by satellite . this electronic guided traffic will allow to reduce the space between the different car , providing higher average speed and making it so possible to use the infrastructure at the most efficient way . so there will not be a significant change in the number of car within the next twenty year , but the car a a transportation vehicle will definetly redefine itself in the near future .