working and being able to specialize in today 's world is a very big challenge . there are many different opcions and also a lot of people working in the same field , in my opinion is important to decide in which way should we face our carreer , and the advantage of having broad knowledge af many academic subject and also the advantage of focussing in a secific subject . having knowledge of many academic subject is a hard work , and if i decide to do this , i would like to know deeply the thing i 'm studying , not just a simple look , and this could be very difficult and hard . i really admire people who do this and are really good at it . in my profession , i am a doctor , this is a big challenge , and there are few doctor who really know a lot about everything and are really good at their job . we have to consider that this could take many year of your life , because is not an easy thing to accomplish all that knoeledge . i think that the biggest advantage of this opcion is the dedication , and all you get to know throug the year , but is not an easy opcion and it doe not always get the recognition it deserves . being an scpecialist in one specific subject , in my opinion , is easier , eventhough there are subject that need a lot of dedication , time and a big effort too . i think is better to work in a more reduce field , to be good at a very specific thing , in something that other people is not focussed , so you will get the chance to work more and in my case , have more pacients . this is a big advantage , and you can study and work hard in this specific subject , learn everything about it , thing that is very difficult when you focus in too many subject . studyng is always a good thing , and when you do thing you like is even better . i really enjoyed studying medice and now i enjoy working at the hospital with people . in my particular case , i think is better for me to be specialized in one specific subject in medicine , and i will work hard to be really good about it , i want to do a lot of research about this subject , so i 'm able to know all i can about it .