this statement is not always true . for example , if you talk with a young boy emarginated by the others or with an older man that travells a lot you revaluate the argument . anyway the sentence is true in the major part of situation . for young people is easier to enjoy life . there are many attraction , place , event for them than for the older people . youngs can go to disco to dance , they have no problem of money , they can go on holiday and find new friend easier . they have not any real problem or very difficult situation . they do n't care about the future and so they can live the present completely . the most important thing is that they are thoughtless and indipendent . on the other hand older people have n't many situation to enjoy life . people think that they fun only with cards-games or watching old movie but i disagree . old people have more problem than younger , most of them are healthy problem . but i think that they love life and enjoy it . younger often do not care about their feeling and i think that this is the most important reason for their sadness . i know that they like walking in the park but they will be happier if they stay with their family . they are not completely indipendent and perhaps they need the presence of the others to enjoy . i can find these explanation by my experience . first , i am a young boy and i know how i feel everyday . i think i really enjoy my life more than other people - particulary the older one - but i know that it is not always true . i have a friend that is often sad about life because he doe n't like to do what the other guy do , he love to study a lot and he ha n't a girlfriend . i think older people fun much more than him . then , i have a great grandmother . she is the strongest i have ever known . she love to travell and she visit many place around the world . when i see her i do n't find sadness , never . i think she enjoys her life very much . the statement is apparently true but it could be also false to a deeper analysis . everything is relative .