are not sleeping well these day . they say that it is becoming a harsher world . the development of technology resulted in isolation between family and neighboors . the younger generation is especially thought of a self-centered and unhelpful to their community . some fact might be true , but i disagree with the statement that the younger generation is unhelpful because young people spend a lot of time contributing to their community by direct and indirect way . the first reason i disagree with the statement is that young people actually do spend a lot of time helping out with the community . for example , in my college , every freshman 's dream is to join a student operated club to make school life more enjoying and plentiful . there are various choice of club , ranging from drama club to tea drinking club . however , out of the approximitly 100 club , one third of the club are volunteering club . also , our school ha a course that give credit for volunteering during the semester . eventhough the course is worth 1 credit , it is impossible to take the course because so many student apply for it . it may seem like young people are only interested in themselves , but given these reason , i unquestionably believe that young people spend a considerate amount of time helping the community . moreover , i disagree with the statement because the younger generation contribute to their community not only directly , but in indirectly a well . unlike the older generation , the younger people are exposed to advanced technology and globalization . in their own way their own way . for example , my country , korea , is a small country . recently , however , korea ha been expanding quickly into the world . the reason is that young , smart people made succeses all over the world . because the represent our country , our country ha a more succesful status in the world . the younger generation may be a little more self-minded than the older people . however , that doe not mean that they do not help their society . we are all contridbuting to our community the way we can in our own unique way . that is why our world is still a beautiful place to live .