in our current society , it is thought that young people do not give enough time to helping their community . first , i would disagree with this statement because there are so many humanitarian organization and association that high school and college student are involved in during their course of study . for example , in academic institution , there are association runned by young people who focuse on helping handicapped student feel more at ease and equal in class . the service proposed are various : support during course by working in team and preparing collective project or suggesting gathering and pick nick after class in order to meet . moreover , there are so many young people serving and helping poor country to develop their education and health measure nation wide and internationally . the red cross , the united nations , the world bank , for example , focuse their work on helping people . for their mission , these organization send each year thousand of young people and young graduate from developped country to acquire work experience but mostly to share their own knowledge by making the poor and needing people who live in much further community taste a better and happier life . on the contrary , the statement can be partly true because some young people grow in a more selfish way nowadays . they are brought up to be spoiled and learn to take more than to give , and that increase personal pride and self satisfaction . some progress and new technology , such a mass consumption or just sating at home and playing video game , have bad influence on young people . consequently , they build anger , hate and jealousy between each other . another factor among young people is laziness and lack of responsability . in conclusion , this statement must be debated and it can not just reflect the one and only vision of the world . a lot of people work hard to help improve their community , even for free , and will try to travel in order to share the idea they have already implemented in their commnutiy .