it is commonly assumed that risk and novelty are the key to success . while most extraordinary sucess-stories are based on breakthrough idea or product , expertise on particular existing subject can also yield excellent result . success of a product or idea is determined by three main factor : the novelty , the marketability ( or perceived usefulness ) , and the risk taken . novelty is in itself a factor , a new thing tend to impress people . light bulb and electricity have thus opened never-before-seen vista to civilisation . however , something being new doe n't imply it actual usefulness . a new technological device could realise the exact same thing a an older device without any added value and encounter moderate success or even failure . usefulness , or good public reaction to the product , is therefore necessary for success . finally , the risk taken should be a low a possible for a product to be successful . the higher the risk , the more likely the failure ! people who try new thing and take huge risk are thus le likely to succeed than people who try new thing . .. with few risk . however , based on the three previous assumption , are people more successful when trying risky new thing or when doing thing they already master ? novelty , while conditioning both other factor , is in no way a requirement for success . people becoming expert in a particular domain have an added credibility and get the public 's trust . quality is an added value to the `` perceived usefulness '' of an idea or product . moreover , with extensive knowledge of a domain , the risk of failure become ever lower , thus answering to two key condition for success . the car maker ferrari , for example , is a shiny example of success for a company that always doe what it know how to do best : automobile . therefore , people doing what they know how to do well have a very good chance of success . to conclude , while immense success often stem from novelty and risk , many people trying new thing take risk that will lead them to failure , whereas people capitalising on their expertise are probably more likely to be successful , though in a more modest way .