do you like lying on the long long beach in harwaii ? do you prefer to stay at home to work or go shopping without suffering from the traffic jam or the serious weather ? the answer of course is yes . those , to some extent , demonstrate kind of life style of the current young people . therefore , i definitely agree that young people enjoy life more than older one do . why do young people are more likely to enjoy life than old one ? in my opinion , a large number of factor contribute to this phenomenon such a economic level , science and technolgy development , culture factor , or some social condition . economic condition is the basic root that provides the basis for young people that they can enjoy life since it is not necessary for young people to work a hard a their parent did because survival is never an issue for them . as a result , they do not spend more time meeting physiology and safety need which are first two basic personal requirement proposed by maslow . therefore , unlike their parent or grandparent , young people logically spend more time to continue to purse some higher level of personal need such a love and self-achievement requirement . this process is just one of young people to enjoy life . thanks for the advancement of science and technology , the young people have hardware to support them to enjoy life more than old one . due to the internet development , an increasing number of soho ( small office home office , that mean people can work at home ) appears among young people . they can comfortably sit in front of computer to work or study without travelling to the office or univerisities . in addition , they can go shopping , see the doctor or communicate with others through network . of course , they can organize their own time efficiently so they can do what they want to do in a flexible timetalbe . comparing with the old one , who have to suffer from dirty air or noisy work environment , young people can not only finish their work , but also in a comfortable way . to sum up , it is reasonable to conclude that young people have more opportunity than the old one to enjoy life due to the advanced science and technology , improved economic level a well a some changed culture idea .