in my opion , i agree that young people exactly enjot life more than older people do . firstly , physical condition . for the young , they have long lasting energy than the old . so , this objective factor make the young to endure lot of fun but exciting facility that old people ca n't not stand . such a : roller coster , pirate ship . in addition to this , the old ca n't experience coloful night life that is most attractive to the young . because of their aging , tensive dancing , alcohol and sound intensity even prohibit them form entering a club ! thus , they do n't have power to enjoy exciting life even though they are willing to . secondly , beacuse they are old , they may ragard themselves a a kind of people that have already experienced a lot of thing . they will not be interested to enjoy life anymore , what they want is to have a peaceful and quite environment to live for the rest of their life . thus , they may always lie on bed or being alone all the time , without crowd , where should the enjoyment come from ? moreover , they may generate the fear or sorrow feeling of death instead of happiness . so , psychologically , the havelost the ability to enjoy a life ! however , the young wo n't consider about the future too much , their attitude would be to `` enjoy life a much a possible , beacuse i 'm still young and energetic , otherwise , it will be a waste of my awesom energy . so , they hang out with friend , play large variety of activity crazily . finally , the society merely provides enjoyment to the old . the old once again lose a source of happiness compared to the young . as we all know , there are uncountable club , amusement park , shopping mall a along street , but none of them are suitable for the old to enjoy . the lack of old people activity site a infrustructures combine with reason stated previously create this social factor that contributes the most significant reason for the old ca n't not enjoy life more than young people . this can be also attribute to the notion that people care le about the old than the young . the young are future , the old are remnant .