i strongly disagree the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to hepling their community . in my school day , we give enough time to helping my communites in japan . developing the economy , we decreased the relationship among the communites in tokyo . so our school establishs new subject which are so amazing . i want to explain the experience through this class . i attended the communication center in my home town after class . my friend and old people who are over the 60 year old attended . my friend and i taught about the it product such a cellular and personal computer . although young people enjoy the internet and cellular , old people do not use them in general . modern life is sastained by the infomation technology . for instance , japanese cellular can are used a railroad ticket , wallet and so on . but it is so complicated that old people enjoy them . if old people do not use them , they can not catch up the social change . so we teach how to use them in community center . morevoer , we can learned about japanese culture and custom from old people . most of our parent work together and come back late . and we do not live with grandparent . many child have not chance that we learned about old jpanaese culture . for instance , i wa learned about the drinking tea which is one of the most famous and traditional custom in japan . i think that communication between young and old people resolve the aging problem . now the number of old people ha been increased rapidley , they suffer from solitaly . but i think that young people make them active . and it is advantage that young people learn about custom . these activites improve community problem . next , i attend to the community 's activity such a the cleaing the river . the tamagawa , one of the biggest river in japan , wa so beautiful 40 year ago . to improve it condition , i attend this activity . in conclusion , japanese young people nowadays give enough time to helping their community . aforemationed activity improve not only jpanaese society but also the knowledge of young japanese .