how much people enjoys life depends on many factor . age maybe one of them . but is it a decisive factor that can entitled young people to enjoy life and older people not ? typically young people appears to be more energetic , situtation that is normally refered to a `` being full of life '' . i agree with this affirmation but only in some extent . for example , most of young people do not have the amount of responsabilities that older people have like childrens or a job from which susbsistence of your family depends on . furthermore , older people tends to have mental burden that come from decision made in the past that are not satisfying their current expectation . these burden can bitter a person and made him or her lose the sense of life enjoyment . on the other side , i agree with the statement that life enjoyment is not related to age . i have a good personal example to support this point . my mother wa a person used to work during her entire life . she worked from 7am to 5pm and even she brought work at home . this sedentary life cause her health problem , like hypersensibility to weather change ( she got a flu pretty easily ) and started to get fatter . this situation basically deprived her from enjoying life . she looked always sad and bitter and she started to seek a way to relieve watching tv , which in turn kept her away from friend and family avoiding her enjoyment of her personal relationship . three year ago , she started to go to a dance group in a local gym where she found herself comfortable and truly animated . right now , she dance every day . her health ha improved considerably , his personal and social life ha ameliorated to the point that now she is a different woman , one more confident that look always happy . in the same way , another example is my friend carlos . he is very young . however , five year ago he missed the opportunity to study a doctor program in the us because he had personal problem with and ex girl friend . he wa already studying the program , then he had to drop out university . since then , he doe not forgive himself from this situation and constantly look sad and depressed . based on the reason and example provided i have to disagree with the statement presented . i think that the mental and emotional framework in which people based their action determines how much they enjoy life regarless their age .