i disagree with this statement . i rather think that there is no difference in intensity of enjoying life but in the way of expression due to biological cause of aging . one might come to the conclusion that younger people enjoy life more because they are more socially visible at the beach , in dancing hall , outside doing sport , falling in love , engaging in modern trend and so on and so forth . one might think , the world is open for them and warmly welcome them in contrast to older people who are just sitting at home thinking about the past and only waiting for their end while the world 's door ha been closed before them for age already . in a certain way , the first part is true . older people , with exception , simply are physically unable to do all the thing younger people do and more often stay at home . and , taking this fact into consideration , older people must care for their health more intensively to be able to take part in allday life which lead to the fact that they are recognised by society mostly in association with health care and nursing home . but this is only a matter of perception , and it will probably change in the future . the given statement is not about the way of expressing the joy of life but rather about the individual experience of joy . older people simply do other thing than younger one to make their life enjoyable . even if their toughts might go back to the past most of the time it would be just normal since they have witnessed and experienced more thing than younger people . and , of course , to examine and ass today 's event one mostly compare them with thing that one ha witnessed in the past . but apart from that , older people , for instance my own grandmother who wa a child doctor throughout her life , now travel around the world at the age of over 77 , go to classic music concert and meet her friend . and she is still very capable both mentally and intellectually . in conclusion , i think that it is merely a matter of perception . and since western industrialised society are getting older and older in term of their population this quite popular statement will be heard le and le , on the one side since there are simply more older people and , secondly , because health care develops further inventing more and better medicament and therapy etc . hence more and more older people can still take part in the outside social life which nowadays may be seen a reserved exclusively for the younger one .