advertisements today advertisement used a a cmplemantery of any product . so people use advertisement to make the product much more than the reallity . the main reason behind that is to atttact consumer and push them to buy these product and make a much money a possible . the baisc objective for advertisement is to explain for the customer how is the product and what are the benifits that customer would gain by obtaining this product . but unfortunitly today this concept is used unethically . because most of the advertismets show the product in a way that is perfect and ha endless benifits and in reallity non of these benifits can be found in this product . for instance onec i saw an advertisment regarding a device that promotes the wireless conections so you can enjoy the interent access widely . however i found that there is now promotion for the wirless connection and a of i did not add any enhancement to the internet access . so by doing this advertiser are misusing the advertising and make poeple to buy thing that they do not need and this is unethical . there are many advertisments that add lot of feature to the product while in reallity these featres are not avaliablel in the product . for exmple there are many computer system advertised on the internet and tvs that save the computer from virus and spy and in reallity they do not save the computer from the virus nor protect the computer from the spy ware . in fact by these fake advertisments shopes and producer will be affected in the long run . since they would lose thier reputation . because when the customer find the conteradiction between the advertisments and the product they bought the would never buy these product again . for example i will not buy the wireless device again . so , people should be careful while advertising they should show thw customer the trouth about thier product and explain the real benifts that the customer wouold gain from this product . by this way customer right are saved and shop and producerd would gain the trust of thier consumer .