in the industralized world , it is a common practice to advertise different product in order to generate a much profit a possible . this method is used in different way like television , internet , newspaper and magazine . a close look at these advertisement will unveil the negative effect that they have on the consumer . as a matter of fact , most advertisement are based on profit making . the product are shown by their advertisors a the ultimate solution for a problem . for example , a detergent company may resort to showing the negative effect of using another material and suggest the use of their product . this logic is not based on a scientific approach . it stem from a an irrational and inhuman desire in profit . to make thing worse , some company would not even advertise the real product . instead , they only display a sample and sell a completely different type of product later . therefore , this method push customer to be more aware of advertisement . another factor that explains why product are not shown a they actually appear in reality is the ineffectiveness of the product itself . for instance , in the car industry , any advertisement of any car will ensure the buyer of the reliable vehicle , but report made by different consumer agency have shown the misleading way that the advertisement relies upon . the company , for example , will not stress the importance of the engine , but they will show the luxurious interior of the car . as a result , consumer are trapped between what 's real and what 's not . a lot of people lose their money because of what they saw on television and a lot of warning of those misleading ad have been shown . also several court legal agency hve long debated whether company should not lie in those promotional message that they support . to conclude , consumer should not take advertisement a they are . a more rational approach to propaganda should be adopted . i consider much of the advertising company an obstacle in face of the true human progress .