i totally agree with people who have broad knowledge of many academic subject , because there are some reason why it is better than to specialize in one specific subject . for example , it is concerned with poeple 's ability to study , people 's curiosity , and people 's effort . it seems strange , but there are special reason , so i ca n't never disagree with this . first of all , people have an infinitive ability to do something , especially in this case about studying . in the earth , only people have such a powerful and incredible ability to improve themselves . once people concentrate on studying some subject , most people are more interested in it , and also they even get interest other subject that are related to their study . therefore , it is entirely good for people to improve their interest and approach them a lot . i think knowing many academic subject are better than just knowing one specific subject , because we can research by a lot of different side . second , almost all of the people have much curiosity about a lot of topic , so in the point that people want to study more and more , we should not bother their mind , but we had better make people who want to study many academic subject freely . if we interrupt them , they ca n't touch their strong desire . finally , people can make every effort to do anything , so people 's hope of having broad knowledge is neccesarry . if people do n't have any hope and motivation to do something , they ca n't improve any more . in addition , if those people are stopped studying a lot of academic subject , they ca n't grow and their effort become waste of time . also , they really want to do that , we ca n't order them to give up because if they stop making a lot of effort , they will have nothing special and they ca n't image their higher motivation . even if people have too broad knowledge of many academic subject , their knowledge will never become vain . thus , i can really agree with having broad knowledge of many academic subject because people should improve their ability to astudy a lot , it is very nice for people to have a lot of curiosity to study a lot , and it is not wast of knowledge because of their effort , so i think having broad knowledge of a lot of sunjects is so instructive for people to live in the world .