the `` fun generation '' ha been critisized a lot in the recent year . elderly people complain that young people do not care enough for the community a a group of people living together in one place . young people are often told not to spend so much time in front of video game or in the internet . indeed , interaction on a local basis ha decreased though it will never cease to exist because people will always be physical . so there will always be some kind of involvement in local community interaction . but there is one aspect that elderly people easily neglect . the way that young people nowadays get involved in community and work in network . parts of the life of young people have become virtual . there are these gamers on the one hand who built the image of the fun seeking kid and young adult that do not seem to care for anyhing rather than killing people virtually . but one the other hand there are obvious communites in the internet that communicate and help each other . these most often use the virtual community to get involved in stuff like promoting their sportsteam , building website to promote ideal , setting up agenda appointment , discussing political issue in certain online coummunities and of course to chat with each other . the internet ha become a tool to make physical live easier and much more convinient . people do not became self centered lonely people . in contrast many of the younger generation helped their family member to become part of network community or even showed them how to use these new technology properly . i do not know how often i advised my parent how to work with computer . lifestyles have shifted due to new working requirement and technology that made this possible . young people do not fear new technology while older people do . this ha always to be considered when judging this topic . thus the question should not be if young people do not give enough time for their local community but `` do older people accept that the lifestyle ha changed ? '' .