i strongly disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i maintain this stance on this issue since i have various example that prove that young people give the same , if not more , time to help their community . firstly , i would like to draw attention to a recent happening in india . the government wa on the verge of passing a bill in the parliament that ensured a reservation for the so called `` lower cast '' in esteemed institution of higher study . there wa a hue and cry from all section of the society but no one actually stepped forward to oppose this move of the government . looking at the view of the majority of the society ( which included minority ) that reservation divide people , the student of aiims ( a reputed medical college in new delhi ) joined hand to oppose this `` socially detrimental '' step . later , this movement culminated into a nation wide student rally that had positive effect with the government finally relenting . the point is that these day the younger generation is more aware of it right and ha a keener sense of what is right and what is wrong than the younger generation ofthe past . secondly , there wa a case where some student from the indian institutes of technology who despite having an assured future in the technological field , shunned their highly paid job only to lay the foundation of a political party aimed at the elimination of corruption from the society in india . do such case show that the younger generation do not care for their community ? conversely , do they not show an extreme love towards their community ? i say they surely do . besides all these specific case i have one example from my own life where the child of our city joined hand to prevent the pollution of natural resource . all these child abstain from using motor bike ( preferring cycle ) and refrain from celebrating indian festival with cracker since they pollute a lot . they are also involved in spreading an awareness program to protect the lake of our city ( bhopal , madhya pradesh . india ) . uch act depict that the younger generation is mature enough to think and feel for the community . if we look around , we have various instance all over the world where the younger generation ha really overtaken the ` adult ' world in trying to improve our community . from spreading awareness against disease to providing free tuition class and community service in free for all school , the younger generation ha really opened it eye and is surely aiming at making the earth a better `` community '' to live in .