in the era of science and technology , the people generally pay more attention to short path for learning rather than long path such a deep understanding of idea and concept . everyone ha different perspective of education . so , when i am thinking by considering all the point , i conclude that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than learning fact . i hold several reason derived from my personal experience for holding this opinion . first , more emphasis should be placed on the way in which the idea are derived . this is possible only if person understands idea and concept . for instance , if i dont know newtons law of motion , i am not able to establish a stucture of steamer . and evenif i have structeured it would be captivated soon , because of misdesign . so , just learning fact how to manufacture the steamer doe n't ensure me the effective working of it . moreover , for innovation understanding of idea and concept is necessary . most of the investigation concur with the fact that understanding of concept lead to development of fact . for example , understanding of the mechanism of action of a drug on receptor , derives the fact wheather the drug will have side effect or not . it is impossible for any psychologist to deny the fact that learning fact is short term memory , while understaning the same thing is long term memory . so , understanding will not limit your knowledge till writing a test , but throughout your life time . eventually , this knowledge can be utilised in constuctive and innovative way . for example , when i wa little , my teacher told me to understand idea of cell biology . on that platform , ultimately i developed a model showing different physicochemical reaction occuring in the cell . in summary , i found that , it is more important for student to understand idea and concept , because some of the many advantage of understanding idea and concept include long term memory , basic manufacturing sence and innovative idea which creat a fact .