there ha been a wide discussion about the behavior of young people during the last year . one of the critical point often provided by people is that nowadays more and more young people stop to spend free time for community activies . before i point out my personal opinion to this statement i would like to have a look at the overall situation in my country and beyond referring youth doing community work . in germany it ha never been very common to do community supporting activity . since the state with it highly developed welfare system took over most of the task , youth were n't that much demanded to do voluntary community work . i know that we can find different situation in other country . for instance , in the usa , if one want to study at a good university a harvard or princeton , next to your good grade you should also show some evidence that you have carried out some community work . also in east germany before the unification it wa common that group of young people helped out the community in for example providing recycling station , newspaper service . children and young people even helped out on the field of the nationally owned farm . although these task were n't often made voluntary , it increased the feeling of the youth to be connected to it community and helping each other . nowadays i think that the feeling for the need of community work more and more disappears . among young people it is even a reason to be kicked out of a group when one is doing community work . it 's not fancy enough . the feeling that everyone ha to care for himself is spreading around . noone care about other person due to individualistic behavior pattern of the 21st century . sometimes it is the case that even neighbor do n't know each other and therefore would never come up with the idea to help each other . but this is not a `` young people '' problem . if the parent do n't live a life where helping other person is a part of , how can their child learn that it is important to spend some of their free time with community work ? additinally young people today can do so much more thing . why doing community work in group when sitting in front of the television or playing a video game is so much easier and more comfortable ? therefore i agree with the statement above . reasons for it can be found in many area but the most important one i think is the tendency of the society to stay for oneself and do n't care about others .