i strongly disagree with the statement that `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . '' advertising is the medium of mass communication where a large number of people can get to know about a product sitting right at their home . with out advertising how many people will know about a product and how they will be able to judge with out using or knowing about a product . advertisements always show the reality of the product . all the advantage and disadvantage will be shown in the advertisement leaving the viewer to think about the product and it will be the viewres choice finally to get a product or not . through advertisement , we will know the latest technology being developed and the use of these product which may inturn make the life of human more easier in this complex world . it may be in any feild , it can be in medical field or can be about kitchen gadget or about latest automobile . these all inturn will improve the quality of human life . when we look in to the advertisement made about medicine , through these advertisement we will know about the latest drug that ha been introduced which can cure many disease . but at the same time the advertisement mention about the us , the side effect of a particular drug and at the same time it tell to consult your doctor before using that drug . here advertisement are only educating the people about diferrent product . in case of latest kitchen gadget , which we may not have known with out the advertisement . these latest kitchen gadget have made life more easier with faster cooking and cleaning which in previous year it used to take hour long . the advertisement shown on the latest car will definently give u an oppurtunity to buy which is best for u . always we can compare with the other model and can buy ourselves the best . finally advertisement will give u a better presentation of product , give u better choice when we are purchasing anything , we can always compare with other product and make a better choice . this inturn improves the quality of human life and make this world a better place to live . in conclusion , advertisement make the product seem a they are and in real giving more choice to the humankind what they need and how their life can be made easier with different product .