when it come to the pattern of the travel , some people will hold that the best way is in a group led by a tour guide . while others believe that people with friend or travel alone , the route and the time are decided by themselves completely . different people will be for the different pattern , depending on their personal expience , emotional concern , education background and so on . there is no definite answer . as far a i 'm concerned , i perfer the former . then i will explain the reason below . firstly , a travel in a group led by a tour guide will save a lot of money. a month ago , i decide to travel to hk , the first stratage is fly to hk alone , i find out the double airfee is 4000 yuan , the 3 day 's fee on hotel is about 2000 yuan , in total , it will cost 8000 yuan is this travel . the other stratage is enroll in a group led by a tour guide , the total cost , including the airfee , the hotle fee and the pay for the guider , is only 3000 . it is a so simple math question for me to answer . as you kown , i make my decision easily . the latter . secondly , for me , a travel mean making different friend form different caree , different state , different country , with various personality , it also will help u to open our eye , enbroad our field , enjoy the life from different view . in a group , you will obtain diffent even novel opinion from the member of group , when you come fonfront the difficulty , other member will give you help . truely , to communicate with different guy is an funny and enjoyable for u . thirdly , the guide will help u learn many kownledge of the new city , new sence , he/she will explain carefully the story , the histrial knowlege , which will help u to understand the new place more deeply and completely . in expience , i have visit su zhou twice , the first i feel the city is just so so because i go there alone , i ca n't feel the city is beautiful . while second time , i am guided by a guider , he explians my story about the city , i am so surprie that i find this is a mairl city . in short , i favor the travel in a group led by a tour guide , because it will help u make more friend , hcommunication , enbroad our field .