i disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject , because for scientific work and for work in enterprise it is necessary to know much about specific topic . having a broad knowledge in different subject is of course not bad and some basic about different topic should be known by everyone but it is not an ideal way of spending one time to study many different subject . when you know much about a single subject it can be astonishing because you will notice many thing which you would not notice while only spending a little bit of time with the subject . specialize on a single subject mean to get deep insight into the subject and not only learning some basic . this open new possibility for example in scientific work . to work scientifically on a topic more than some basic knowledge is necessary . deep insight into the subject and knowing the state of the art in science is needed to receive new scientific result . otherwise there would be a risk of receiving result which are already published , but this wo n't happen because people who do not know more than the basic in a subject do not get research position . but special knowledge is necessary not only in scientific research but also in industrial field . technology increased in the past decade to a large amount and specialized knowledge is needed to develope new product or technology . the knowlege in technological concern is so huge that it is impossible for single people to know everything and regarding to this having a broad knowledge in different field mean a lack of special knowledge about single topic . this mean that is is impossible to work in developing product and technology with a broad knowledge . a broad knowledge may have been favorable in the past but today it is necessary to have special knowledge in one specific subject . scientific research and developement of new product and technology in enterprise are good example for this .