young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their community , i agree with this statement . i feel young people nowadays have no time to spend in helping community there are given work by the college and school after that they have to work for their pocket money . however young people have several interest in pratcipating in these kind of activity but have now time . i feel that school and college must provide some kind of helping community during the period of college . if the college would provide this kind of facility student can easly parcipate . young people are busy with homework given by their institution they always think helping community , after they finsihed their work they feel tried feel to rest . their is no enough time to spend in these activity . every young person have to think about they should help community whatever they can do . nowadays it totaly a busy life now one is showing such an interest towards these activity , but some have the tendency to do it but they do n't have the time . the government should think about it because young people are those who will change the future of the city so they have to give order to the institution of helping the community . i have attend the society welfare association at my place and i partcipated in social welfare activity . its not complusory for every young people to help their community , it 's their interest in it . most young people intend to do it . for a better community every person should feel the responsibilty in helping . communities bring a great development in the enivronment . in a community their are resource to develop it , but no one is help it . my community wa is a well structured and desgined because every one help our community and most of them where young people . now our community ha stadium , park and several other place . and our place is well attracted by others due to cleanginess and beautiful site sene . young people are who can change every thing not a community and even a city .