i agree with the statement and general idea that most adevertisements make product seem much better than they are . the reason for this lie in the reason for the existence of the advertisement itself . advertising is a tool used to lure consumer 's into buying a product . given the mean and tactic used to lure consumer and to make product more appealing , i agree with this statement . if a given product contains any minor flaw , this is never reflected in the advertising for it . consider the government rating for motor vehicle . not a single piece of advertising for motor vehicle would state thing like `` rated most potentially hazardous vehicle in it class '' or `` lowest fuel efficiency . '' in certain type of advertising , product may be accompanied by other thing that make the product more desirable , but these thing are not included with the product . this is intended to mislead and confuse any potential consumer . a perfect example of this can be found in nearly all advertising used to sell toy , specifically action figure . most kid are playing in very well crafted world with their action figure . however , the kid do not percieve or do not realize that the action figure will probably not be a much fun to play with in his or her living room . the consumer is mislead . any indication that only the action figure is the item at hand is relatively unnoticeable . blowing up and exagerating quality and result is the most common method of making a product seem much better than it really is . infomercials make up most of this trend . they promise thing that happen in a small number of case but which are not generally the case . weight loss pill and medication are advertised using result that are atypical and are intended to mislead consumer . as we have seen with these three clear cut example , advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . they cover up or fail to mention any flaw with a given product ; they present product in a way in which they are much more appealing ; and the strongest evidence that support this statement is exagerating it