as i notice from our daily life , i can say that young people nowadays is quite different from the young people of the old generation . nowadays , life becomes easier and more comfortable because of technology and the all development . so , the technology help a lot in saving the time and the hard working by lot of facilties . other wise , i can say that young people do n't give enough time to helping their community for different reason such a : the attitude of the young people and silly thing that young people focus on . first of all , the wrong attitude is the most dengerous thing that affect the community and even the society . young people nowadays have a bad way of thinking . this mean that they do n't think of the future and what will happen if they do n't work hard to achieve their goal and if their community fall . for example : every young in any place in this world believe that he or she live only to achieve her or his own ambition or dream . what i mean is that they always think about theirselves and they do n't care of their community because they believe that they do n't have enough time even for doing their own task . i remember one day , i wa talking with some young and i asked him of his feeling when he help people . i wa shoked because he told me that he didi n't care of any one even his friend for , he belief that a man should live for himself only . he wa 7 y so , the wrong attitude will let the young be lazy and careless all the time . moreover , i can say that there are many silly thing which pay the attention of many young in the world such a : movie , some magazine , some website on the internet and some song . these thing take the most of young 's time that may be used insteed for their community . besides , it creates a bad perciptions of young life that ha a narrow limit . also , these thing affect their immagination and ambition which play a vital role in d \ improving their life and the way they doing their duty . thus , it is aserious problem because it will produce a bad generation day by day . i think that , people can think of possible solution that can let the elder think deeply and try to solve this serious problem . i believe that if people do n't solve this problem , they will suffer from a bad community in the future . so , i agree with the idea which say that young people ignore their community because of their way of thinking and because of many silly thing they pay attention of .