i disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . i think this is a misconception arising due to the outdated view on how a community is defined and also the way to help the community . the complaint seems to be that the youth are so self-indulgent and selfish in pursuing their own career goal and ambition that they do not devote enough time to community . but we must recognize that the individual is the basic unit of society . so if the individual doe something to improve his or her quality of life , the overall average quality of life of the community increarses . in turn such people also inspire other people to better their life and start a progressive trend . it is a situation similar to say a scientist isolating himself from society to excel in his invention , but then the fruit of innovation are shared by all . a more serious aspect of this complaint can be the supposed indifference of the youth towards their community . this complaint also ha root in how do we define the community traditionally . in today 's ever shrinking world where more and more people of different community come together and work , the youth seem to be embracing a larger community , and their commitment to this emerging but broader community might seem to affect their contribution towards their local community . again , i would argue that if the youth are working towards some greater common good then that is bound to benefit all in the long run . another point i would like to make is that if the young people devote relatively more time towards their self development , they will be more stable and more capable of helping back the community . basically they would be able to help the community ina better way and even in more impactful way . for example , many institution benefit from the fund and project that their alumnus bring back to their alma-mater . the real problem can be when the young people are not doing something constructive and productive . we definitely need to guard against such apathy towards oneself and hence the society . but this malady doe not restrict itself to young people only and hence it would be wrong to blame only the young for such behavior . in fact , i think that young people are more enthusiastic and le cynical than most of the older generation . in summary , i would assert that an individual is the basic unit of society . as long the individual is involved in something that is constructive or beneficial to at least the person himself , the overall community is bound to get the benefit sooner or later , not neccesarily in explicit term but in more subtle and impactful way .