chancing opon this issue reminds me of a literary character that we are all probably familiar with ; private quelch , in the short story ` the man who knew too much ' . a characterer that epitomizes the issue at hand for private quelch wa an over-knowledgeable army serviceman who found himself in dire situation because of his blatant exhibition of that knowledge . the story potrayed to u what becomes of a man wih too much knowledge but hardly any concept of how to use it . quelch found that he always dragged himself too deep into unpleasant situation , pompously armed with just his knowledge . it is of no doubt then that i completely agree with the idea that it is vital for u to understand idea and concept than it is to merely mug fact . being in the third year of engineering , i have million of firm reason to believe that plain bookish knowledge can only get u so far . after that it is the clarity that we have in our concept and our developed understanding that help u proceed . and when it come to student , boy , they sure need to have thier fundamental clear and precise ! a student who just mug up book , and merely ` vomit out ' all the stored information onto his paper , might do well in a few case , but when it come to higher learning , the student will need to adapt to understanding or his knowledge is simply wasted . questions of application can never be answered by such a student . learning fact is probably what would be beneficial to student in a general knowledge quiz , but it is defintely not something that should be completely overlooked . after all , what good are concept when one simply can not remember the fact they were made to explain ? can a student ace his exam by just keeping his concept crystal clear ? will he not need some fact hidden in the recess of his brain o refer in different circumstance ? facts like formula , value , constant and exception . he will most certainly need those fact to help with his everyday study . nowadays , even the internet provides student with an unlimited resource of information . it is upto the student then , to properly sift through all that immeasurable amount of knowledge , and extract concept and maerials that is actually practical for him or her to know . so what a student should not do , is to mechanically rote subject . he 'll never reach too far if he doe only that . he should have an appropriate combination of fact and fundamental , with idea and fundamental taking much higher priority . trivial fact can mostly be referred from ready-reckoners while others may need to be stored in our brain . hence , the adage ` knowledge is power ' is hardly true . wisdom of how to apply that knowledge correctly , is probably what power mostly comprises of . we might all end up like private quelch otherwise !