education is something which increase the self-esteem and improves knowledge of the one who try to pursue that . it also increase stature , which is of primary concern in today 's society . given the two option , it would not be a good idea to deal these two option in the same way . so , i would like to view this topic in two different way : 1.undergraduate level 2.graduate level first , during undergraduate study , a student ha to learn a wide variety of subject because it is the high time for him to learn the basic . if he doe not study many subject , there wont be a difference between him and uneducated person . after all , everybody expects him to be familiar with all the related subject present in a stream . for example , a mechanical engineer is assumed to have knowledge about thermal , production , design , material science and many more subject related to his mechanical stream . because all these depend upon one another , it becomes absolute necessity to learn the fundamental of all these in order to excel in mechanical field . and the same is true about all the remaining stream too . there is one more disadvantage , if he study only one subject at this part of his life , he would probably find it boring and insipid a time pass , and would definitely end up becoming nothing in his life . secondly , during graduate level , it would be a better option to select any one of the subject he is familiar with , and deal with that particular subject in detail . then , he will gain in-depth knowledge about a subject and that can help him in achieving a good job in his respective domain . later on , even if he find the domain boring , he can drift towards different subject because he ha the fundamental knowledge of many subject . keeping these two choice in view , i would suggest to gain basic fundamental in your undergraduate level and then go on search for a topic which fascinates you and then pursue in-depth knowledge of that particular subject in your graduate and doctoral level . in this way , you can become a jack of all trade , and , indeed a master of few too .