do n't young people care anymore ? have they lost all sense of responsability for their community ? in recent year it ha been often discussed whether or not young people still give enough time to helping their community . as i can not clearly agree or disagree with the given statement , i will , in the following essay , present argument for both side before i draw a conclusion that is partly based on my personal experience . unfortunately , it is a given fact that young people are le and le involved in their community : when it come to local election it is usually the young people who can not be bothered to vote ; when it come to helping out at social institution , young people are hardly seen ; and on sunday morning usually only elderly people sit down at the local church bench . at first glance it seems like young people are more interested in shopping , playing video game and partying instead of giving some time to their community . partly , this might be true , but it is definitely not true for all young people . in my personal opinion the young people often are not properly given the chance to play an active and effective role in the society they live in . during my internship at local school , for example , i would often hear the young student make remark like the following : `` nobody care about what i do , everybody think that i am a failure. '' , `` nobody is interested in my opinion , i am not capable of changing anything anyways. '' , `` why should i care about others , i need to care for myself first . '' . the reason for these and similar statement probably are very diverse , for example one reason might be the lacking support and understanding of the parent . if parent fail in teaching their child what it mean to be social , it is more likely to meet a young one that doe n't care for anybody else but himself . it therefore seems to me that the community and especially the educational system ha to make major effort to prevent such a shortcoming in social skill . communities , for example , should make it easier for young people to get involved instead of complaining that young people are n't interested anymore . for example , the local animal shelter could go to the school and let the student know that they are in need for people to come walk the dog , clean the cage , and so on . they should also point out that they need very responsable and honorable student to do the job and encourage the student to give it a try . likewise , other institutuions should ask for help , also . for example , i could imagine that place for retired and sick people would have a great need of young people to spend time with the elderly one and , in my opinion , the institution should point out how beneficial such a relationship could be for both party . also , the community should offer activity for teenager and young adult , for example regular meeting where they can get together and perform multiple sort of activity that train intercultural and social competence . i truly believe that , if young people are encouraged , they will gladly devote time to their community and , thus , one should n't complain about the young one , but support them a little better .