nowadays there is a big competition between company which launch a product in the same market because every company will have a big market share and a high number of selled product and a high net profit . because of this fact most of the corporation and other limited company go to an advertising agency for producing advertising campaign . these were used , for example in the television or in newspaper to raise the turnover of company which are selling these product . but the question is : are the statement about the offered feature from the product right ? in my opinion advertising spot do not show the reality over the product . so the product are not a good a they were shown in advertising spot . for example the car of mercedes-benz were published in tv a the most luxury and comfortable car . as one can see mercedes ha big technical problem with their model e-klasse . another point to mention is the fact that some product have other ingredient than in the advertisement published , for example product from the discounter aldi . aldi offer his customer rice which wa genetically manipulated . but i believe that a company which want to launch a new product on the market ha to make it better through advertising than it really is because customer do not buy a new product if this product ha the same feature or ingredient than a product which ha been sold since 10 year . additionally one can say that the advertising market is very big in the whole world . so advertising agency have to offer to the public very great advertising spot with the best product for beeing competitive in the advertising market , because the agency will get a high return of investment in future . but it could be a disadvantage of the fact that product are not a good a published that customer can be lost because the product the company offer are not a good a published in the advertisement . so the customer are unsatisfied with the product and buy these product by a market follower or another company . all these argument leave me with just one conclusion namely that customer should buy product which they really need and not because of the fact that these product were published in the advertising spot .