the given statement that `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' is a disputable topic . but i would like to disagree with the statement . this is because i believe that in twenty year from now , there will be an increase in the number of car used a compared to what we see today . the most important factor which support my view is the kind of advancement in technology that we have . i am sure that with development in the above feild we will soon have better and improved version of car model . with the growing concern in term of environmental pollution caused by car , we will have better fuel saving , nature friendly model which will be welcomed by all . also it will attract more an more number of people to buy such eco friendly car . another reason why i disagree with the statement is that , i feel car are much more convinient than other public transport facility available . and therefore they serve a a better option for conveyance . hence , a man is more convinence oriented , in the future more and more people will be encouraged to buy car . also , now a day people are becoming more and more aware of their status and respect in the society . and in order to match up with the norm of the society dominated by rich people , they follow what others do . so this attraction will to buy car for themselves and therefore contribute to increase in the number . finally , i also believe that people are becoming richer day by day . the class i am discussing is upper middlecalss an d the rich people . middle class and otherwise poor people can anyways not afford such a luxury . so with more and more population having extra money will drive them into looking onto for previliges and luxury . it is very much possible that different member of the same family will own different car for their own convenience . so to sum up , i think that newer an improved model of car , their convenience , their status value and extra money with the rich people will ultimately lead to a society with a greater number of car in use in the coming year .