i totally agree that most advertisement often make product seem and sound better than the actually are . there are meany reason why adevertisements seem that way . first , because those product maker want to target and attract the biggest amount of people , they will try their best to `` putify '' their product by using colore and mainly by using attracting word . mostly the will use word and expressins like `` 99 % guranteed , '' and '' it will change your life '' . one good example of a product the us colorful attracting word if a beauty product called `` aveeno '' . on it written , `` recomended by dermatologiestes . it will make , not it make , your skin very soft , it will whiten it and will give you a beautiful skin for a life long . '' my wife have been using this product for a preiode of few year and i never noticed any change . asecond reason is that dvertisers use tricky and misleading word like `` help '' , and `` aim '' or 99.99 % , never 100 % . by using these word , they make their product more convencing to the customer and consumer , especially hopeless people who tried other product , but did not get any positive result , will run after thrie product . as an example , i have been complaining of teeth [ problem for few year and i tried different kind of toothpaste . i wa attracted by one of those kind called called `` crest senstivity '' . i used this product for a long time , but my teeth never get better unti i wa seen by a dentist who clarified to me that the use of a toothpaste may help in some xcases but not in all . after he examined my teeth he said that i had a bad infection which can not be treated merely with any of the tooth paste brand . instead he said i need to have a clinic treatment at different session . my visit to the dentist confirms that product advetisers use fake and misleading word which do not give enough information to the customer . to conclude , in the field of advertisement and promotion , advertiser use colorful word and expression , fake and misleading word and umproven fact just for the sake of attracting customer and consumer and selling the biggest amount and making more money .