it is said that if we make success in our life , we should try new thing which we are unfamiliar and let put ourselves into new situation . this is like some catch phrase of some advertisement . i do not 100 % agree with this theory because people who can make success are only people who have found their devotion or niche . the reason why i stated i did not 100 % agree with giving statement on left page wa that i could agree with the point of trying new thing in order to make success . i think trying new thing is very good for u because we fully utlize our experience and knowledge , which reflect how we enthusiastically have lived in each of our life , and concentrate to solve problem in each moment . such experience definitely guide u to grow up and become more mature than before ; thus , it will increase the percentage of our success due to our own personal development . however , if we refer only making success like giving statement above , it si different soty . we are able to make success without making anything new . whether or not we can male success depends on whether or not we can be passionate with what we are doing . although what we do is sort of repetetive thing , eventually we can meet success a long a we enjoy them and keep being motivated . biologically , human brain are supposed to work well when we enjoy what we do and want to devote them . when we look back to history , it prof that people who keep their effort toward one thing and dedicate themselves into it have bacome famous historical person , such like scholers or artist , etc . we can always go to next chapter when we hope to do it . it is not necessary to try new thing and take resks for it . the important thing is that figuring out our own devotion , niche . if we feel what we do is not we can be passionate , then we should urge ourselves to try new thing . we should always belief our brain 's fuctions which lead u to sucess a long a we are passionate , enjoying what we do , and alway have vision to make success .