i agree with the statement provided that the word in the statement `` car '' is qualified to mean only `` road-cars '' . this is to distinguish road-cars from other automotives , like space-cars , which may be a thing of the future . i will hence-forth call such automobile a personal-flights , to distinguish them from `` road-cars '' . as a science student , i am totally convinced that twenty year is sufficient for technological advancement to progress to such an extent , so a to enable the the usage of personal flight by many people . in those year , people will be able to purchase personal-flights , and hence the usage of road car will become outmoded . twenty year may be short to produce such personal-flights at low rate . however although all people may not have luxury to such high end automobile , a significant portion of the population , especially in developed country may start using them regularly . besides , the government of those day might introduce other sophisticated public transport system , like space bus or space train . considering the heavy pollution that is caused by the today 's car and the great commotion caused in today 's road because of these car , people then may start exploring other option , such a space - bus . that would not only be convenient to most people , but also be environment friendly . in fact , some environment friendly country , might totally abandon the usage of powered vehicle on road of that day . people who wish to go on road on those day might go on cycle , and it is entirely possible that cycle might be in vogue then . the usage of road-cars may be restricted to luxury sport like formula 1 , nascar etc . the other important factor that may influence people to consider other attractive alternate mean of transport is petrol and other gas reserve . the acute shortage of petrol , diesel etc in coming year may increase their price so much that people wil start abandoning road-cars . even a of today , train in japan and in few other country can move almost on the air , enabling them to travel a fast a sound . current research indicates that space car may be manufactured without the usage of petrol . they also do not cause enviroment problem , and traffic jam will be a thing of past . in twenty year , the advent of space car and space bus is looking highly possible .