let u begin by defining `` suceess '' and `` successful people '' . success by far is something that ha different meaning for different people . the measure of success , the time period to get there and the importance of it are thing which are distinct to every individual . the world might view a bill gates or a laxmi mittal a a successful person but for me my father is the most successful person i know . so i proceed on the assumption that we are referring to a successful person with reference to the economics of it and not to the essence of it . successful people seldom think of the consequence of risk a they have seen and endured the climb up the ladder of success and know exactly what it entail to get there . the sweat , the toil , the experience in itself give them the energy to dream further and those dream accompanied by the passion to get there remove all apprehension to take any risk . they take risk to try new thing , thing that probably intrigue them or thing that they have always dreamed of achieving and did not have the capacity to achieve earlier . having achieved a level of performance in what they already know how to do well they aspire to venture into new avenue and if the same involves taking a calculated risk they would not abstain from it . risks are essential if one need to evolve a a professional or a a person-these are not the word of a luminary but view that i personally ascribe to . to discover new thing , new world , new prospect and new ideology , taking risk is something that should not be seen a a negative attribute but a positive one . apprehensions or fear can bring in a life which will always lack the drive and passion that make business baron like laxmi mittal and ambanis achieve their status . coming back to the topic of this essay , i would state that i do agree with the statement that `` succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' to the extent that it is not a restrictive statement . success is something subjective and i strongly believe that any person whether `` successful '' by worldly standard or not would aspire to do new thing and will take the risk to get there