traveling in a group lead by a tour guide could be a good choice for traveling . say or state that is the best way to travel will depend on both the destiny of the trip and the kind of person the traveler is . let 's supposed that you decide to travel to some unknown far away or inexplore place . in this case , you should evaluate the possibility to travel within a group and with a tour guide . for this case this should be the best choice . that 's obviously because you do n't know where you are going to , you do n't know the culture , landscape , communication and transportation resource available among others characteristic that must be known when you travel abroad . but if i know or i have an idea where i 'm headed to , i prefer to travel following my own plan and my instinct . i do n't know if i can be called an adventurer spirit or something like that . but since i became an adult everytime i travel i do it by my own and with my own schedule . that way i can choose where to visit and how much time i can spent in each location . and not only to follow a leader wich will decide for me where to go and how much time spent at each destiny . a good idea is to save some part of your budget to buy some small tour in order to make your trip a little more complete and fascinating . beacuse when your alone you 'll let your predilection control your impulse and you may lose the opportunity to know some special place that you will like but is not , somehow , part of your vacation purpose . for example i spent my last vacation in new york and the subject and main goal of my trip wa to visit the yankee stadium and enjoy new york night 's life . of course i visited the stadium and enjoyed some open microphone bar . but a relative told me about a tour to a pennsilvania amusement park and i tried . it wa n't part of my plan but it wa an unforgetable experienced . in my opinion traveling with a group and a tour guide ha it advantage but you must know when to choose this option . for the moment let me travel alone and follow my own plan .