actually , when we are student , we learn a lot of thigh without understanding exactly . can we say this situation is ok ? it is controversial issue whether understanding idea and concept is more important than learning fact . some people say that it is more important for student to learn fact than to understand idea and concept . as for me , however , i dissent from this opinion because of following 2 reason . without understanding thoroughly , we ca n't get a good score in the exam and we ca n't apply idea and concept to our real life effectively . first , if student learned something in their school and they could n't understand well at that time , they could n't solve the problem in the exam about that topic . even though we can memorize fact what we learned whithout understanding for an exam , it ca n't be related our real knowledge . so , right after couple of day , we will forget most of them we memorized before . however , the fact which we understood are more impressive so it will stay our mind longer . therefore , compared to the the score we got when we understood idea and concept exactly , the score we got when we did n't understand will be poor . second , the matter which student learned and understood in the scools can be applicable to their daily life . for example , imagine that in the ethic class we learned that we should give a seat to old people in the bus or subway . if you totally understanded the fact , you will do same action in your real life . however if you could n't understand the fact why you should do , you will not act like that . also , there is other example we can use the fact which we learned in the scool . for example , when i watch movie about world war ii , at that time if i learned history about the time and i could understaned the situation well , it will help me enjoy the movie well . like this , understanding idead and concept can be useful to our daily life . in conclusion , i think that just learning fact without understanding the meaning in the text is useless . because it will bring poor score in the examination in scool , also it ca n't be applicable to real life .