there are widespread opinion on the responsibility and expectation of young people nowadays . i think that young people today still spend sufficient time helping their community . but before beginning the reasoning , `` young people '' and `` helping their community '' need to be defined : i consider young people to be teenager of the age between 13 and 19 year old . help in community comprises activity , such a supporting the elderly , being engaged in municipal politics , playing in a sport club , or spending time with small child during holiday . many young people today are engaged in politics to help their community . the number of member joining political youth organization ha steadily increased over the last ten year . when talking to those teenager , i can see their motivation and enthusiasm to participate in political work . they are aware that they have a responsibility towards their community and even enjoy this fact . secondly , the popularity of sport club ha never decreased . most young people are at least in one club , such a the local soccer , tennis , or track and field team . although some sport have seen a decrease in member , other sport have become more attractive . this can be exemplified by sport like american football , baseball and beach volleyball . finally , young people today are aware that social activity are meaningful and even useful for their future life . everybody who want to apply for a job after school know that these activity are an important part of their resume . somebody who ha not participated in any social community work is le likely to be an attractive applicant . some might object that nowadays young people spend more and more time playing computer or surfing the internet . however , this objection can be countered by the fact that young people used to watch tv a lot or maybe read book instead . the argument miss to state how young people in former time helped their community . to summarize , the political engagement , the popularity of sport club , and the awareness demonstrate that young people nowadays do spend enough time on helping their community .