the topic that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their community is very controversial one . but i believe yes , these day young people dont give enough time to helping their community rather i believe that in today world the approach of present generation ha become global than to be limited to just one 's community , society , or nation . in today world the mentality of people have bnecome broader now the people are not just working to put forward their nation but are struggling to get all people at same level and position . the young generation of today do not believe in word like community they embrace every person a their family member and is working ahead to help them out . for example now day a social worker is not only interested in dealing with the people of only it community but rather people of everywhere no matter if they are racially different or social status of these people differ the basic purpose is just to serve . for example in country like india where there are number of different religious group , when a destruction happened by flood a group of sikh community went to help these people no matter these people were not of there community , religion or region . in today world number of scientist are working towards dealing with environmental problem that are degrading there atmosphere . researchers are working hand in hand not only to bring up their society but to everyone . there is also a vast number of young people who join the social working group on part time basis and work at old age home , society for helping suferes from catastrophe and against illiteracy etc.infact , there there is a wide number of young ppeople who join the organization established by mother teresa on full time basis . nowdays even in school to lean student towards helping the people now project are assigned to student for a day or two to serve in orphanage , or old age home etc . students organize charity function and fair to raise the fund and donate them to needy people . infact i believe that scenario is changed now from `` me to it ha become we '' . people are really working towards equality and it the reason why even when a famine or natural destruction occurs at any place people specially troupe of college going people with every possible resource reach there to help out these people . so i think i think young people do spend their time in serving but not their only community but whole world .