age is not what determines to what extent we enjoy life , it is our attitude and our choice towards the enjooyments and difficulty we face along the way . some of the youthfoul of today think they enjoy life alot more than older people . this is because they are entering a new stage in their life were independence and fulfillment rule thier chioces . they feel they have all the power in the world and what is worst they feel inmortal . however it is not this two factor or the overwhelment of emotion that will decide how they want to enjoy life at it fullest , it is their own attitude . a girl that just finished highschool , ha all her strength to enjoy the year to come and to achieve her goal , but what if she make the wrong choice and decides to let her college education pas by and end up working a a receptionist instead of that mechatronic engineer she wanted to be . her whole life wa marked by this mediocre attitude . instead a girl who ha her mind always on track and fight for what she want , letting go of the common momentary human enjoyment and working towards a rewarding end , will find the obstacle on her road an enjoyment a she defeat them . this same situation happens with older people . they think that `` youthfoulness is uselessly spent on the youthfoul '' . an old rich lawyer may often complain about her deteriorating situation an say that if she could turn back time they would do thing differenty , make other choice or aim at higher goal . the truth is that these inconformity is due , again , by the attitude and the wrong choice she displayed along her life . on the other hand we also have men and wome who have faced maturity with a smile on their face . the experience rich in their mind were achived thanks to their positive and proactive attitude towards life in general . so , personally i do n't think that something you have no control of , such a age , can determine to what point you enjoy life . life may be enjoyed by a sick 80 year old farmer a well a by a healthy 17 year old waiting at the door of destiny . we define how to enjoy life and what it ha to offer with our character .