i do think nowdays , most of advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . when we are watching t.v , we could see this a lot of amazing and creative advertisement very often some of them make it too fakely so people do not belive it but it stil ha this werid attractive that make people to try he product or service that they advertise . however i agree with this topic but i think it could lead to very good and effective advertisement which will be very attractive to customer . there is a lot of competive between all those product or service nowday therefore people suppose to make it more nicely than they actually are because they can not make them to look bad even they are actually useless product or service . people do not know before they actually try on them . what they only see and watch is all those advertisement on the magazine and on t.v . i think the purpose of advertisement is make people to feel that that product are rvery effective product and it will be nice to use and it will not be wasting of money to buy this product . i think make product seem much better than they really are is necessary for the advertiser and also to customer . who is going to interested in the product that do not have any attractive that make people to say `` wow '' ? of course , some of advertisement are too fake but i still think is one of the way of marketing and nowadays it is getting more better and better . there are a lot of amazingly creative advertisement that normal people never could think about it . it is a creative way to increase their business value . however , i think there are also bad side of these advertisement . what if customer bought that product and realise it wa only nice on t.v and what if they feel the company actually lied them ? however i do not think people are going to be upset because of the diffrences between t.v and the real product because it is a common knowledge that most of advertisement are making their product seem much better than they really are . i think customer should understand the company 's advertisement and accept those because a long a there are advertisement in this world , there will not be a single honest advertisement after all .