i don-t totally agree with the statement . my opinion is definitely different from that . if we go to take a look at the past year we can only see a costant increase in the use of car and i think it will constantly keep on growing up . there are a lot of reason supporting my opinion . the first is the constant research for alternative energy also to be used in the car . in fact a wider and wider area of the planet is under the threaten of pollution caused mostly by gas emission in the air . even if this bad aspect exixts from a lot of year nobody ha still found a solution and the result is an always much more polluted world . another reason why we-ll never stop to use car is because we are totally dipendent on them . we can-t live without them . for example if i have to go out for an holiday , not abroad , but in my country , i would take my car and not other transport mean like train . why ? because i should stay at it hour schedule and it-s not so seldom that it come on late . in my personal opinion a modest advice i can give is to improve the transportation system in the country . as a student that ha to take the train and the bus more than 5 time a week i noticed a big mess in every mean . they are not only often on late but there are also strike that cause a lot of problem to peole who have to go to work and should arrive on time . if we don-t try to solve these problem before , we-ll never stop to use our car . i think we should take a look at some other country where these aspect function better than here . for example i went to helsinki two year ago and i never waited more than two minute for a bus , a taxi or for a train . every mean wa on time and in fact there were much fewer car in street ! here in italy it-s quite impossible go around our city and don-t get trapped in the traffic ! it-s terrible and sometimes a lot of people don-t have enough patience to wait and they start to scream or do very dangerours thing . but every year nothing is done to improve the situation . how long still do we wait ???