yes i agree with the topic , young people enjoy life more than older people . as far a my view is concern i would like to put some reason behind my accent to the topic . first young people are more enthusiastic , hasty , inexperienced , while elder people are well endowed with wisdom , prudent , jurisprudence and compassion etc so they are more devoted to their work rather then to enjoy life , although they enjoy littlebit at their stage of burden of responsibility but a compare to young people they enjoy le . secondly , they have le opportunity to enjoy a their thight schedule doesnt allow them to have spare time for enjoyment . however , they did enjoy at the time of their sophmore because they did not have such a burden of responsiblities to maintain and dosent have the responsibility to maintain family . i would like to give example of my father who is a manager in a company , when i wa toddler he taught me to take fisrt firm few step in the path of my life and gave me good quality education by enrolling me in a good public school where i can set fort my acaedmic journey , so he ha the responsiblity to give me a good carrer in path of his life by giving much attention towards me he rather by enjoying himself he gave me platform to secure me future to path of success . also , if we look at the cut throat competion between the world there is not much enough time for elder to enjoy life although this same hold for the younger people but they could able to manage time for their enjoyment . it is also important for younger people to enjoy because of the study burden because i believe that a healthy body can dwell into healthy mind so for the future succes they must be stress free . enjoyment for younger i believe that it is a dose for their tired nerve and if taken this dose will soothe his tierd nerve and rejuvenate him for the upcomming responsiblities . this will allow him for greater success throughout the life a the elder have cross such limit they have no more spare time to do such enjoyment . they have attended the proper opportunity of enjoyment at their time of development . well i feel that a any human being ha not such a skill since from his brith he ha to develop those skill gradually and through the amusement of life . so for human being at every walk of life there is some state that ha to face him through his knownledge and skill must