young people enjoy life more than older people do . being a young person and comparing my self to my grandparent , i have some reason to support that idea . first of all , younger people do n't face that many difficulty from the beginning of their life . as the time pass by , we learn the life and we face difficulty , sadness , heartbreak and so on . and this can steal a lot from someone 's energy for living . secondly just because young people have more time to live ( in normal condition ) , they have more time to make their dream come true . so they do n't stop expecting and this make them better enjoy the life . but for example my grand father who 's already 83 year old , do n't have any expactation . he think that he will die soon , he lost his power and will for life . also , if not married , young people do n't have a many responsabilities a they would have when they get married . they do n't need to think of their child . when they want to do someting , for example travelling , they do n't need to think if they need to take care of someone who 's staying home . but for example for my parent it is never easy to do immediately what they want to do . they think of me and my brother , they think if we need them they can not be on our side and this make feel them bad . also my father ha big responsabilities of his work , he ca n't quit whenever he want to . finally , it is also very common that older people have more health problem . as they get older , they are coming closer to the end of life and this give them bad feeelings and keep them away from enjoying the life . in conclusion , i would say that even if i will get older , i never want to stop enjoying life . if i 'm retired and in good financial situation , i can travel to see the world , i can keep expacting for my child or even grand child and if i have the power , i would spend my energy for the charity foundation . i believe making other people happy and providing them a better life would always make me enjoying the time i 'm living .