car ha been a basic transportation for the human being since it invention . most industry is now based on the car for transportation of good . also many people depend on the comfortness of the car and it ability . however , there is some concern rising due to the rising population of the car . because car produce smoke , it cause the haze and pollution in area and due to the increasing demand of car demand of oil and gas increased a well and now these resource are running out from the planet . despite these disadvantage , i believe even after in twenty year there will be more car around . due to industry 's high dependency on the car and truck , it is hard to decrease the number of car dramatically . also in order for company to replace car with other alternative transportation , it will cost them alot and due to the high oppoortunity cost company wo n't easily change their basic transportation . on other hand , now in the world there are million of people owns car and depend on it comfortness and ability . therefore , it will be hard for them to change from car to the other alternative transportation , which change will cost them lot of money . usage of car ha been controversial since scientist found out that it cause pollution and can cause illness to people who have a frequent contact with haze produced from it . however , now day scientist are working hard to reduce or eliminate any possible pollution caused by car and beleived within twenty year there will be no controversy over the pollution caused by car . major concern with the car is that car depends on petroleum which is rapidly running out from the planet . petroleum ha been major source of energy and major resouce for humanity since it discovery . due to high dependency of oil and it limitation , scientist are now inventing alternate resource that can replace oil such a biofuel , solar energy and hydrogen fuel . cars provided people comfort and ability to transport good and people faster . despite these advantage , pollution and limited oil is forcing people to move away from the car and find alternative transportation . however , now day scientist are trying hard to find alternative resource for the car which doe n't create any pollution and they are on the verge of finding it . also the high dependency of car will make people difficult to move away from it . therefore , i believe there will be more car going around even after twenty year