i agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than learning fact . i believe that for many reason . one of the most important reason i believe that is more important for student to understand concept and idea is that , by understanding concept , they could develop a critical attitude to the interpretation of fact . students should encouraged to understand idea that motivate people behaviour , rather than simply learning fact . i think that should be the professor 's responsability to discus in class concept rather than fact , since it is much more challenging for student to understand concept on their own . at the same time , if student are interested in learning fact , they can do that by themselves , according to their specific interest . the second reason i think it is more important to learn concept rather than fact is that this way of learning last longer in time and it is le superficial . for instance , i remember that when i wa at school i had to learn and memorise a lot of `` fact '' that after two day from the exam i had already forgotten . on the contrary , if you understand concept and idea , it is much harder to forget what you have learnt . students should be conscious of perpetuating a more `` durable '' way of learning and i think that learning concept is a much more useful way to learn . being more motivate to learn concept introduces the third reason why i believe it is more important for student to understand idea . students are more interested in learning about abstract concept , rather than fact because they could find that idea and concept are more applicable to the reality , without being compelled to a certaing period of time for instance . if you have studied . for example , the military technique that have been used in a particular battle , they can not certainly apply to the real world in which we leave . on the contrary , if you have studied the concept of war and understand what issue it impliies , it could also be applied to the real world . i think that student would be much more fascinated by the concept of war . in conclusion , i believe that it should be given priority to student to understand idea , by promoting discussion and debate . this is a much le sterile way to learn and promoting education than learning fact .