the topic is whether in twenty year we will have fewer car in use than they are today . i disagree to the topic and believe that twenty year from now we will have more car in use than are present today . in last two decade the sale of car ha continuously shown upwar trend , right from small segment to large segment car sale ha increased and it is predicted that the trend will continue and so will be the increase in use of car for coming decade . also urbanisation will play an important role in increased number of car in use in next twenty year . because of urbanisation people are able to spend more and their buying capacity ha increased . also it ha led to development of big city and town where an individual ha to travel a lot in any particular day . it will definitely lead to increase in number in use of car a people will require a convenient mode for commutation . with globalisation and development being a part of today 's world an increase in urban area is inevitable and so will be the increase in number of car in use . i think that twenty year from now with the increase in population and distance the public mode of commutation wont be so effective and people will look for much convenient mode that is car . also with culture of `` i dont care '' , people will not prefer public mode of transport a that will be more insecure and prone to accident and theft . instead they will choose their own vehicle probably car to commute . with advancement in science and technology the efficiency of car can be increased and in future we hope to have alternate and cheap fuel . this will definitely lead to increase in use of car a operating expense will come down for car and people will try to have more car for their convenience and a well a it will be a cheap mode of commutation . with extensive research we hope that we will have more environment friendly fuel and car in market that will lead to increase in use of car in next twenty year . also with increase in number of luxury car and car suited to varied taste of people , i expect that people will go for more purchase of car and this will result in increased in use of car . with technology available to renovate the car and make old car look new with small investment , i think use of car is going to increase in next twenty year . in all cheap fuel , better facility , easy loan availability and convenience in transport will lead to increase in use of car in twenty year .