the question i 'm dealing with is , if there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than there are today . all in all i agree with this statement , but there are reason for and against , which both on the one and on the other hand are convincing . the argument for this statement are , that driving a car is very expensive in our modern world . there are increasing tax on driving a car , which many people , even if they want to , ca n't afford . furthermore also fuel is very expensive , because of the lack of oil resource and the fact that there is nearly a monopol on fuel , which allows the producer to fix the price at a high level . so there will be a general oil problem in future . another point is that car are polluting the environment , which ha influence on our world , like global warming and air pollution . this fact will be very important in the future and there will be more law set up to prevent the world we are living in , which mean that the number of car will automatically decrease . additionally also the development is not on it peak , there will be new transportation solution , which will be le expensive , safer , maybe faster . the argument against this statement are , that there will be more people living on our planet in future because of the high birth rate in le developed country , such a india . richer country will set up a new economy in these country and there will be build street and highway connecting the country , so that there will be obviously more car in these country , where at the moment neither car nor motorbike are used . so the le developed country will get help and will develop , so that there will be more car . in future there will be also better invention , which support these thory . people will invent new car , which are more comfortible , cheaper and safe the environment at the same time , so that drinving a car will be more attractive than nowadays . another argument is , that driving a car is an easy and fast way of transportation and to solve the energy problem there will be for example car like hybrid car , which use solar energy instead of oil , so there will be new so called alternative energy , which object the statement . to sum up , i decide to agree with the statement , because all in all in my opinion big country will have big problem with their economy in future , like money and tax , and there will be important influence on our environment , which permit the people to drive car anylonger .