the question about whether it is better to have a broad knowledge or to be specialized is very controversial . one may argue that it is preferable to be familiar with a many subject a possible , since this will lead to be better suited to different situation . on the other hand , there is the claim that since human knowledge is so broad that it is not only impossible but unpratical to avoid specialization . as a final position , i 'll argue why nowdays it better to specialized . in paticular , i will illustrate this by explaining the situation of nowdays mathematician . first i would like to explain why to have a meaninful broad knowledge is almost impossible . by meaninful knowledge , i understand an amount suited to do reasearch on a specific subject or make contribution to it . just considering the especific case of mathematics , nowdays it ha become so broad that even a master thesis may be hardly understood by people not specialized in the subject . so if someone is not specialized in any field , there are chance that he will not understand the state of the art of the mathematical science . even , there is people who try to specialized in every possible field , and what generally happends is that the person becomes a very good lecturer but a poor researcher . my point is that mathematics is too broad to avoid specialization . so the aim of obtaining a broad mathematical knowledge will lead to someone that would hardly be able to excel a a researcher . this lead to my second argument . nowdays an academic person is many time measured based on the amount of original result he produce . that mean that not only the person is required to be on the edge of our knowledge , but aquainted enough with it so that to understand how to and be able to expand it . so in order to obtain a possition a a researcher is better for him to be specialized . and a a matter of fact , only a researcher can aim for a trully broad knowledge in a particular science . as a conclusion , given the fact that it is impossible to have and unpractical to aim for a broad knowledge in mathematics , it is even le desirable in general .