i dont believe that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . there are few reason for this . firstly , in today world transport is the main important and essential thing . people are used to go in their own vehicle to different place . they are accustomed to the use of their own vehicle . very few people use public transport . almost every person owns a car . they find this convinient . second , if a person us his own car , he will probably reach the destination in le time . thus this is time saving and every person want to save time . for example , a business person who is always busy in meeting ha to attend another important meeting in just few minute at some other place , he find his car more convinient than any other mean of transport . he just reach the destination in time or probably earlier . such is the imporatance of car to a person . so it is not possible for such person to stop using it . third , the person is free to use the car at any time he want because he owns it . thus this give them more convinience . for ex , a person want to attend a party in the afternoon , he can reach the place within few minute if he us his own car . but if he relies on some other mean of transport ( probably public transport which will not be available at our convinient time ) , he would probably reach the place after the party is actually over . fourth , since the technology is fast growing , today there are a wide variety of car available . since there is a competetive market , the car are sold at lower price . its not a problem for a person to buy it . fifth , there are place which are accessible or which make them easier to reach only if they go in their own vehicle . using a car also prevents the person from being exposed to hot sun , cold weather and rain . thus a person would find this more convinient and cant restrict himself from using his own car . thus i conclude that because of all the above mentioned reason such convinience , reduced cost , etc the usage of car will not be reduced .