i agree with young people enjoy life more than older people do . in hte modern society , there are more and more entertaining resort for young people to enjoy . such a wonderland in canada , bar and club . the most important thing is young people 's age and heart . as the economics increase all over the world , everything is changing . the building , people 's dresssing , culture , fashioness , and transportation . the reason the world is developing is all because the way modern thinking are changing . people 's life are getting better and better every day , especially young people , since they live more in modern society . they have not esperienced the life during wartime . for example , the american scientific engineer are focusing on project about the building the longest abd excited train in the world . the train is very similar to the one we often play in wonderland . and of course it is more likely oftered to young people . i actually do n't that pld people can not go to that train to experience the happiness and excitedment . but use our common to think about it , if we do a survey in a city , we can calculate the percentage , how much percent of old people like to go to those place to have fun compare to young people ? even though they actually go , i believe they will bring the kid or grandchild there . this is another example , in north america , they build more and more bar and club only for young people , but for this situation , they have age limit , from age sixteen to eighteen . this is a very vivid example show that the society care about the young people about enjoying their life and have fun . however , we do care about the old people a well . they would like to enjoy their life and have fun too . but the way they enjoy their life compare to young people , it is more silent . instead going to those resort , they rather just invite some friend to their house to have some drink or just watch newpapers at home . in then modern society , young people really enjoy life more than old people .