does young people enjoy life more than older people do ? by : oscar acevedo when a people grows and start developing the sence of joy in their life , is the moment when we start thinking about it and we start to wonder . is this going to be better whe i 'm older ? am i too old for this and i want to go back to my early youth ? during our youth and childhood we play , we run , we scream and we walk the world without any worry in our life , but this is not the top of it and that 's not the end of the road some more experience come to u and they make u grow a person and they make u happy in certain moment . young people ha the chance to go out with friend , practice sport , more chance to meet people and more time to live . but is in this moment when i belive that older people ha an advantage over young people , and this advantage come when older people is able to remember all those fun time and all that adventure that they have had , is in that moment when people can start enjoying life and make a compilation of all the pat moment and also be able to share it with some other person , some friend that they have made during their youth . when we see a kid playing in the palyground we think of how much this little person is enjoying time and how much this this person ha to enjoy in the future , even when young people ha no debt , ha le problem and ha no big responsabilities , an older person can take the best of all that and make it a good experience and a good memory . joy is not how much we are doing now and how many fun moment we are having , joy is how good we can feel with ourselves by the past thing we have done , by the good thing we have lived and why not to mantione it for the bad experience that have lefted a lesson in our life . i belive that a person ha to realice of what could be a possible future , how is this person going to get it , and when a person can reach that goal and is able to accomplish it . there we can call the real joy of life and the real moment of happines . is for that reason that i disagree with the statement and i support the idea that older people ejoy more their life than young people .