i agree with the statement that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than doing what they already know well . in my opinion when people are open to take risk and new challanges , they will find more new thing in achieving their goal . in this process they learn many new thing and try to implement it in doing other thing . when people take risk they will work hard to achieve that risk or that particular challange . in this way people will become more successful when they take risk and challanges . people who do not try new thing and do what they are already expertise in will not work hard to achieve the goal or challange . they will not get innnovative idea , because the protocol already exists in which they are the expertise . the habit of laziness cultivates and by the confidence level they have , they will ignore some typical fact and will not achieve what they need . by over confidence they will ignore some important fact and will not work hard to achieve the goal and there by become unsuccessful . take the example of the inventing the aeroplane . if the wright brother would have kept on trying the principle what they know and in what they are expertise , we could not have an aeroplane today . they went forward and took the risk of flying in the air with their model and while doing the experiment they got some new idea and the idea were implemented in the design of the aeropalne a a result they were able to design still higher model . if they would not have taken the risk , they would nothave been successful in inventing the aeroplane . take another example of finding the pensulin medicine . if the scientist would not take a risk and would not have worked hard and had implemented his old theory , he would not have been successful in inventing the drug . in my opinion , people who try the same thing in which they are expertise in , they will loose the enthusiasm and zeal in finding out new thing . people who take risk and challanges and try new thing will do well and are more successful rather than people trying the same old thing in which they are expertise .