knowledge play an important role 's in one 's life . academic and general knowledge make people more equiped and skilled in dealing with life in general and also advance their career prospect , leading to better life . knowledge attainment is a significant aspect of human life and distinguishes u from other life form . in my opinion , it is better to specialise in one academic subject than to have a broader knowlede of many academic subject . today 's world is a world of specialist . be it economics , politics , culture or education , there is a marathon to become specialist . with so much competition and significant specialisation of labour , production and manufacturing , it is important to make a niche for oneself and become a specialist in one 's area . with more globalised world , we are moving towards economic and political integration where the theory of comparative advantage dominates each aspect of human society . people are not self sufficient and depend on others to fulfil their essential need . this lead to better product , better quality at very low or competitive price . the same is true about knowledge . with more specialisation of knowledge , people are better equiped to deal with the detail and intracacies of a particular subject and thus , can reach higher echlons of society through their knowledge . on the contrary , generalist would have broad knowledge of many subject , however would fail to apply the knowledge in the area where special knowledge is required and thus , would stunt their career growth and pursuit in life . despite thes argument , i do feel that one doe not have to choose from extreme path . the knowledge graph can be a complimentary mix of both , a specialist and a generalist . one should gather more specialised knowledge in a particular area or subject in the beginning of one 's life and career . however , a one progress one can make effort in acquiring more knowledge about various issue and subject . this will help in getting to position where it is more important to have a macroview of the world than a mere microoverview of impact of decision made . for example , it is more important for the politician to have broader knowledge of many subject than bureaucrat who are assigned special assignment and are expected to bring about better policy and impact in that area . here , a specialist in a particular area will be able to perform a better job that a person with general information , thus , in conclusion , it is better to specialise in one specific subject than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject .