`` the younger generation just dont listen and pay gratitude towards community '' . this is the statement i very often listen from my grandfather . have the younger generation actually become so selfish and preoccupied in their own world that they do n't even have time for their own people ? being a young man myself , i feel that it is shameful , but true . with the advent of technology , the world ha become fast paced . everybody is short of time is always busy with worldly matter . the greatest impact of this is seen in the younger generation . younger generation are called the future of a nation . they constitute that section of the society which is very vibrant and full of energy . at the same time they are also immature and tend to get influenced by external force , the most . so , they tend to get distracted to a number of activity around them . so getting attracted to rock music , going to concert is natural . but let me pose a question to all the youngster - have you ever gone to do community service - like helping old people , helping out orphan , or planting tree ? i bet the answer to my question would be a unanimous `` no '' . futhermore , youngster nowadays are excessively involved in partying with friend or playing online computer game that these type of community activity have the least priority on their list . infact , these are sometimes considered to be boring and the `` older people 's job '' . the young people need to realise this fact that it is due to a mutual interaction between an individual and his community that an individual develops . so , the individual requires to take care of his community . but , is it that it is solely the younger generation responsible for this apathy . i think there is some other aspect to this discussion a well . this is based on what i have seen in my college . there is a small percentage of youngster who are interested in doing good for the community , but due to the excessive pressure of the parent to excel in the exam , load of course that we are required to complete and excessive competition , these student are unable to do anything concrete . who is responsible for this the youngster or the elder ? it is pretty clear , the authority have to think on these line if serving the community is a matter of concern . for example , the college authority can float a compulsory course in community service . so , in a way this course will motivate other student a well a let the already interested student to participate . in conclusion , the younger generation need to realize that it is their responsibility to help the community because it is only bcause of this community that they would flourish in the future . they need to understand that if they help the community the community would surely pay them back in a good way .