the foremost business philosopher in america jim rohn said , `` to survive in the twentieth century you have to know more than one skill . '' today , life is changing at a very high pace and more than ever before . the computer age which revolutianized every possible aspect in the world ha gotten u to what we call the age of knowledge where to specialize in one specific subject is not enough in order to fulfill one 's self . therefore it is better and imperative that one get specialized in more than one domain for economic reason and personal reason . everyone want to lead comfortable life and have a safe future . most of u want to be rich . to do so , nobody is going to be specialized in only one field because now , and more than ever , all field are related to another . for instance , let 's take real estate . an investor who want to invest in real estate ha to have an education in business , law , finance , banking , and even construction . if this investor is only familiar in business , how can he know about taxation policy , or about which kind of construction material to choose from ? therefore , a knowledge in more than one subject can prove a valuable asset when it come to increasing wealth . to seek knowledge is everyone 's personal ambition . the process is tough and lifelong . it requires a thirst for learning and a hunger to seek the many truth which our world store . to have knowledge in a lot of subject is a virtue in society . it give reputation and instant recognition . take a company that want to hire a new employee and that ha the possibility of choosing two candidate : a person having a business degree who ha worked only in one kind of firm all his life , and another holding the same degree who ha worked in many differenet trend of business . the company should choose the latter since he 's been exposed to the world more than the other candidate . also , having an idea of a lot of subject can be self satisfying since no one can laugh at the person or try to trick him . the world is filled with con and crook men . if you 're limited to only one type of education , the chance of you being cheated are very high . therefore having a broad knowledge in many domain can be rewarding on a personal basis . to sum up , being involved in more than one subject is much better than being only involved in one for many reason such a economic reason and personal reason . today the world obliges u to invest our time in education since it will affect our living condition . being more knowledgeable is also rewarding in that it give a good image and reputation and can serve a a defence against cheating . and the most important thing is to keep learning , keep living , loving , and leaving a legacy for others to follow .