many people believe that succeeding in a specific subject will result to the success in one 's career . this is not the case , however . i believe it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject to succeed in life . knowledge is crucial , so knowing more is always better . examples of my opinion can be found in everyday situation . first of all , in school , all-round student get better grade overall than student who do well in one subject and not so well in the rest . in fact , school promote that student should be aware of all subject . the student will then use the concept they learn in school for real-life purpose . gaining more knowledge from different academic subject result in a better understanding of different perspective . for example , if a student plan to go into business , he or she must learn the mandatory course such a marketing and economics . however , mastering in those course doe not guarantee that the student will become a successful businessman or businesswoman . if the student ha a broad knowledge of other academic subject such a psychology or mathematics , he or she will know more about why a business succeeds or not and how to prevent a business from failing . though these course are very different , knowing the general concept will aid the student a it give him or her different approach and perspective . another example is if a student want to become a doctor . finishing medical school is just one step in becoming successful . if the student doe n't know the basic concept of how to set up a clinic , then how will he or she perform his or her practice ? again , business and medicine are very different subject , but knowing both result to better success . in conclusion , having a broad knowledge of many academic subject is better than specializing in one specific subject . students are lucky to study many subject in school because not only will they be aware of more perspective , they can utilize all concept in real life situation . more knowledge lead to more success .