i do n't agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . i 've experienced both type of traveling , group tour led by a tour guide and individual trip which is planned and scheduled by myself . both goup tour and individual tour ha pro and con . group tour is typically much more easier and convinient for those people who do n't have much time to prepare for the trip and who can only spend a few day for the holiday . and for older generation , it is way more comfortable especially because they do n't need to worry about the transportation and the hotel when they are in abroad because the tour company provides with the transportation and place to stay at night , and a those travel agency get a discount it could be even cheaper for the traveller when they use a group tour with a tour guide . and also for the different language and the information of the place they are visiting , the tour guide could give much help for the people in a goup . these are all the beneficial thing for the goup tour , but there are many inconvinient and unconfortable thing when you are traveling in a group . for example you ca n't visit the place you particualry like to visit , and you always need to follow the group of people and the tour guide who 's holding a flag to indicate where to follow . and they are always in a rush , so it make it quite difficult to enjoy and relax in your favorite spot . as the group tour provides you a cheaper tour package , you are to stop by many of the shopping center and souvenir shop which even reduces the amount of time you could enjoy for something else . waiting for other people in the group to arrive is another concern . sometimes it take forever for them to come back to the bus to go to the next place shortening the time they could spend in a tourist attraction . on the other hand if you travel on your own , thing could be more complicated but at the same time you get to see more and learn more . first of all , you have more memory with more experience . you can learn and study a lot before actually going to the place where you are going . and i believe that it 's also a part of the travel . it could be quite exciting imagining what to do , see and eat and where to go ! second , you can pick the place in accordance with your own interest and you can explore and travel around at your own pace and desire . third , the best thing i like about traveling on my own is that i get to meet the local people and friend from other county who are also traveling on their own and we can share the information and become friend ! it can be a great joy while traveling . and last personally a i 'm a young person , i appreciate new experience and it 's quite difficult to be patient when i just have to follow a group of people when they are going to a place where i do n't have any interest in visiting . such a shopping center or souvenir shop and other boring place . organizing where to go and what to do on my own is way more enjoyable than merely following the scheduled plan with other people . and that 's why i do n't agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . it 's just an easy and confortable way to enjoy traveling . for me , the best way to travel is to travel by myself or with someone i like !