there are different opinion regarding whether adolescent recent day do n't give enough time in helping their community . although it is true that there are a lot of example of young people shown on television or mentioned on internet that give a lot of help to the community they are involved in , in my opinion teenager do n't have enough time to give any hand to their community a well a no will to help the community . in this essay i will briefly give reason supporting my opinion . most of all , the adolescent nowadays are all confused and complicated in their community a to the quickly changing society . what i mean by this is that , although some child may have thought to help their community but that they are not capable a to the lack of time they have . modern day requires student to spend more time in school and also to go to institution for extra work . even for small young nursery kid and significantly more for the teenager , their parent want more and more from their child . some student suffer from mass of work due to school , institution and sometimes private tutor . they do not have time to give support for their community . further more , a to this busy life they have they lose power to help their society . after spending a hard time in school . the institution , a private tutor and finishing their day with neverending home work on their desk , they will be absolutely exausted out by the end of the day . it is obvious for those student to feel le tempted and enthusiased in giving support for their community . moreover , young people in modern day are more likely to be selfish than those in the olden day . as i mentioned above their are lot of student who work extremely hard , some who prefer to work hard nd some who are forced to work hard . however in either way the competition among adolescent ha increased dramtically . i am not saying that there wa no competition at all before , but there were truelly le tension among friend and le silent fight among them . and the change of this in the society had made the young people more selfish , le understanding , not caring of others in order to survive in this terrifying world , so they have this thinking that helping others will get them down from surviving in the world . in addition , the parent also gave a great impact on adolescent ' personality , characteristic and behaviour . in modern day a significantly increasing number of parent nearly obey their child . they do anything what their child asks and want , and a to this child are more likely to turn out to be selfish and think that they are the best in the world and that they are not to give any help to other people but to be loved and helped from the others . as to the reason i mentioned above , it is difficult for young people nowadays to give enough time to help their community since they lack time and physical strength to support them and also change in their personality a to the change of the whole world and their outer effect such a parent . therefore in my opinion it is not adolescent nowadays do not give a lot of amount to support to their own society .