actually , it is not my belief that it is better for an educated person to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . in today 's changing society , it is far from enough to be just an `` expert '' . when we watch television or read newspaper , we think that to have an expert talking about a subject is reasonable or even that only the expert ha the authority to talk about the subject in public . based on this psychological effect , we tend to support the idea that the society should produce more `` expert '' , so that people will get more reliable information from the medium and their life . however , when it come to education , it will be a bad idea for the student nowadays . for example , i 've always wanted to be an simultaneous interpreter . but being an interpreter requires a lot more than the knowledge about translating . he ha to know `` something about everything , and everything about something '' . if he ha to go to a conference which is dicussing the oil crisis . he ha to know the basic information about oil , all kind of oil in fact . therefore , a successful professional should n't be limited in the arena of his specialized subject . otherwise , his success would n't last very long . for example , if you are an employee working for an insurance company . the basic rule for you to success is that you know how to sell . that is a skill that involves with a lot of other subject . you 'd better know how the hospital work , so that you can sell your insurance to it patience . then you need to know what kind of patient can make protential customer and what kind of patient can not ( like those who have developed uncurable disease ) . so , after year of studing in college , if you know nothing other than what insurance is , you are definitely doomed . so , in my opinion , being an `` expert '' is not a bad thing , but what we really need in today 's challenging world are people who have their specialization and also the broad knowledge about the nature and the society .