some may belive that travaling abroad or locally is best when one travel with a group and accompanied by a tour guide . i however completely disagree . in my opinion , the whole purpose of traveling is to experince a new place , culture , and lifestylfe for how you perseive it not how a whole group of tourist belives it to be . althought led by a tour guide or leader who is well informed , brochure and private tour guide are just a useful and much more convenient . also traveling without a whole group enables you to have more privacy and completely enjoy the new environement and surroundings . it is very possible that when one travel with a group and a guide , all the people can distract you from the beauty that you are supossed to be experiencing . it is also possible that in a new country or environement , a group of tourist with a tour guide is not the safest way to travel and site-see . many local may see the group a a very convinient situation to steal , or also known a pick-pocketing when in large group . not only do some local find it lucrative to steal but a new business of kidnapping and human trafficing . in today society , violence is spreading faster , farter , and in increasingly more brutal way . if one were to travel in a group with a guide , it heightens once chance of being kidnapped or what is known a trafficed . although it many sound far fetched and unlikely , i have personally done a study on this topic and growing problem . statisticly , people are more likely to be not noticed when kidnapped if they were traveling in a large group because so much can be happening it at one time that people attention can be captured . depending on the destination may also affect the travleing circumstan . if one were to travel to a larger city , it might be wise to have more protection like a private guide who know wher they are and the local people . still , i belive it is better to travel without a group . no matter where one travel and what one see , the best and more enjoyable way to experince and new environement is not in a group , but with only a small number of people , for example 2-5 but nothing larger and accompanied by a private tour guide .