i disagree with the statement that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today for several reason stated in the following . one first of all ha to find out reason that could lead to a situation in which fewer car are needed or allowed . therefore , one ha to imagine condition , making the use of a car for a great percentage of people unnecessary or more expensive . in the next step one ha to ask whether those condition are likely to become reality in twenty year . the car is today most used transportation verhicle . nearly every person in the first world one a car to get to work , go shopping or visit friend etc. what could make them not needing their car anymore ? one reason could be that a more effecitve method of mass trasnportation is invented which offer the same kind of flexibility , comfort and security and which is cheaper . such an invention and the necessary development of the transportation method would take year at least . at the moment no such invention is in sight . therefore i do not believe that it can be accepted in twenty year . another reason could be that pollution becomes unstandable so that governemnts prohibit to use car . as the automobile lobby is very powerful and ha a great influence on politicts i can not imageion such a prohibition either , although it may be desireable . concluding , i can not see condition in twenty year under which an alternitave to the automobile will have been accepted . furthermore , there are other reason that make a decrease of car even more improbable : the industry of india and especially of china a well a of some state in eastern europe prosper . the explosion of new demand and the increasing wealth of the people open a complete new group of client to the automobile industry . during the last year the production entered a new stage a lot of chinese people bought car . millions of people of the chinese or indian society belonging to lower social class will buy car for the first time ever . therefore , the number of car will increase during the next year . at the same time , there is no reason i can recognize that could prevent the first world country from producing car . especially the usa have a great need for automobile a there are huge distance to overcome , especially in the inner country . the germans will not stop buying and using car either . eventhough some more people might use mass transportation method in the future . because of the stated reason i come to the conclusion that in twenty year there will be even more car in use than there are today .