the issue of whether or not it is more important for student to understand concept than to learn fact is a controversial one due to it influence on today student 's education . on the one hand , learning without understanding is claimed to lead to make student only ` wise monkey ' . on the other hand , the current twenty or so generation is said to know far le than former generation and hence should largely learn class content by heart . on my opinion , i agree with the statement above and consider that understanding is a prerequiste to learning . the first argument in favor of my position is that understanding is a real reflexion while learning may be seen a a deshumanized task . if school education ha to build tomorrow brain , it seems important that they can understand what they have been taught . the movie ` rainman ' can be taken a an example : the story is about a very smart man , able to compute how many match fall out of a box in second , but unable to communicate with the world surrounding him . students learning large amount of fact without being able to understand basic idea could be seen a future expert jailed in a very narrow mindset . then , it ha to be noted that leibniz is said to have been the last man knowing every field of knowledge . in the current century knowledge ha become so vast that it seems hardly impossible to know everything in a specific field . one life is often not long enough for a specialist to lead all the research he wanted to . hence , it make more sense to make student able to think with concept they understand than full of knowledge they do n't even know how to combine the different element . eventually , creativity is essential to cope with an unknown situation . while student knowing many fact could in a sense recreate learnt solution , student having understanding concept and idea could be more apt to deal with the unknown and to fit an acceptable solution to the problem they cope with . as a conclusion , i think that understanding is a prerequisite to an intelligent learning . the former may not really be separated from the latter but i think that wise advises and concept are much more useful for the mind than a huge amount of data .