it is said that `` youth is the best period in life '' . but few may argue saying that the older people also enjoy their life spending with their child and grandchild and experiencing the freedom a teenager get . however i agree that young people enjoy life more than the older do and i will explain my view in the following paragraph . firstly , young age is the time when they have time to go out with friend and party around without any sense or fear of resposibility . they can go for trecking and can visit beach and swim in the beach which usually a older person will not be able to do . the youngster need not worry about their health and will not have to carry medicins wherever they go . here come the older people who will always have to think about their health and necessary medication . also for heavy journey which need lot of strain they need a youngster to take care . but a youngster would love to go for long journey with more fun and enjoyment without much pressure . i saw my grandfather who is very healthy and more funloving when he is home but he get very much strained when he come out with me . he is a active a i am but he doesnot have a much energy a i have though he want to enjoy . he can watch and enjoy but he cant jump and have fun the way i do . being a young girl i think young people have more way to have fun and enjoy life than older people . they can go for concert , play to have fun . but older people will get conjusted and will not be happy with the loud sound in the theater . we can get adjusted to any environment and get along with all friend without any place or accomodation problem . i mean we can do nightouts with friend and go for night show which is rather difficult for the older people . young age is the precious time and have to be enjoyed to the fullest . because a we grow older we will have resposibilities which will not let u enjoy to our extreme . older people 's health will not let them enjoy . so according to me young people will wnjoy life more than anybody else .