adults and young people enjoy life . adults watch their child grow , and watching them succeed every step while growing up , walking through harsh moment and surviving , such a their kid 's first smile , first birthday , first day of school , first sport match victory brings joy and happiness to the adult . young people enjoy life too , mostly by playing and trying out new thing . an adult would have gone through many stage in his life , but that doesnt mean he still cant enjoy his time . what interest adult might differ from what interest young people . young people are still growing up and having fun and doing activity and setting goal and ambition would bring them joy . if a teenage boy , join the school 's soccer team with a goal to win the championship against all other school , and his goal get achieved , he 'll be very proud and happy . his parent , would also feel the same joy , watching their child win . when an adult decides to have child , he would most likely be committed into giving that child all the love and affection he ha . `` young people enjoy life more than older people do . '' i strongly disagree with that statement . young people would have alot of fun moment that they cherish and later on becomes a happy memory to be remembered , but who would have more memory ? an adult or a young boy or girl ? adults know more than young people , and know how to deal with situation in a more serious and safer way . while young people have not encountered such a problem , they would feel stressed and scared , and would eventually seek advice from the adult . when a boy go to his dad and asks for advice when he 's in trouble , then his father comfort him and ensures him everything will be alright after telling him what he ha to do . the father would notice that his child is growing up , and is becoming more mature which fill his heart with joy and happiness . an adult with child would want the best for them , and he 'd be willing to do the impossible to ensure that his child ha the best care and support he can offer . experience is the main key that brings joy in life , and adult would have more of that than young people . simple thing would bring joy to an adult , a simple smile his child give him is enough to keep him happy . while , young people wanna experience new thing such a going out with their friend , playing game , travel to new place is what make them enjoy life the most , and that doesnt occur everyday . but , an adult that watch his child grow more and more each day is what make him enjoy life .