the belief that successful people attempt to take new risk rather than to continue in the way they have been doing is quite absurd . the fact that time change is very true but that doe n't indicate procedure changing in parallel with time . many people might disagree in moving with the pragmatic manner that successful people have been doing in so far a they 've been successful . nevertheless , venturing in new thing and taking risk is for the short term idea of accomplishment whereas following the steady route in conducting behavior is for the long term method of success . in most case , the new up and coming businessmen aim to to get rich and do it fast . in response to such a demeanor , history show that almost all successful people have followed a certain method of procedure which ha led them to success . those who do ventrue in risky business might hit the jackpot and prosper tremendously but due to their volatile method , they almost always plummet back down to starting from scratch . it is known that a the world becomes more modern it 's the people 's responsibility to change and adapt to the contemporary world in order to succeed . it 's irrational to oppose such a statement . however , adaptation and taking risk by trying new thing are two distinct concept . one should never risk all the fruit of their labor for higher success because it may backlash . successful people that have remained wealthy have usually started off from scratch to earn money in abundance over the year by hard and disciplined work . so , it 's very difficult for a successful person to take risk to throw away what he or she ha worked a life time for . people who have inherited money or simply won the lottery do n't have a much trouble a successful one in taking risk . this is simply because they have n't shown the fortitude that another ha shown in working all their life . the harmony in acknowledging the idea that success come from strict and disciplined method of procedure might not be unanimous . however , history ha shown that a steady and pragmatic manner of leading a life is the route for long term success .