my grandfather wa 90 year old when he passed away . while his life had ended , mine still continued . however , i could in no way say that he did not enjoy life . he wa one of the most charismatic people i ever knew and if someone had had any experience about life , it wa him . one ha to admit that younger people are able to move much faster , and learn much faster , but the truth of the matter is that older people have already learned their lesson , and thus are more able to enjoy life . nowadays , youth ha the possibility of using technology , which ha made life so much more fun , and provided various way of entertainment such a movie or the internet . also , the fact that we are young in the 21st century allows u to experience much more than our elder experience during their youth . as i wa telling my friend mike the other day , there is no way enjoy life without youth . precisely the fact that we have not learned our lesson yet , open up the possibility of discovering new world and having new experience , which our elder simply do n't have at the moment . while youth doe have the added bonus of more time left , older people have the added bonus of their experience . with time , a person can learn to do new thing , find new thing , which will simply benefit his or her life . for example , the fact that my dad ha travelled to paris and know all the good place there allows him to visit them again and again , something a young person with no travelling experience will not be able to do . also , an older person is more likely not to depend on someone economically or legally , which allows them to be freer , than their counterpart : the young people . in conclusion , i would say that while older people are maybe not a capable of moving a fast a younger people , age doe not prevent anyone from enjoying life to the maximum point . i will always remember my grandfather , anxious to show his experience and colorful life to his niece and nephew while continuing to live his live to the fullest .