advertisments are enticing . they are put out into the market to influence a particular person or a group . in today world more time is being spent in front of the televison than with the outside world . knowing this information , advertising company prey on that aspect of an individual and make then think and want a product . the argument on whether ` most advertisment make product seem much better than they really are ' is that no , i disgree with that statement . commercials that are made for the general public , have a time limit to protray they idea . in this short span of time the concept of the commercial ha to allure the viewer to that product , and that what exactly happens . for example the mastercard commercial that show a person buying stuff and the price of every product bought and at the end is say that it 's ` priceless ' seeing the joy , happiness on the face of people who are dear to you and the satisfaction you get by seeing that expression . well , here it show how this card can make you acheive that one goal in your life . this product , a plastic card can change a person perception about getting the thing you want in life and knowing that there is always a way for that . that can happen , with one minor hurdle . your credit should be good . most of the time , commercails for cosmetic use famous people to market that product . this product look perfect on them , they seem happy at how beautiful they lookl . well guess what , they are doing it because they are getting paid for that and yes , they look incredible . here the idea is to have a celebrity endorse that product . for example , avon , salma hayak is the spokesperson for that company 's product . she look amazing in the lipstick , her eye dazzel and lip shimmer . you too can copy that look , but not look exactly like her . the product will do the same for you , the only difference is that she ha all the light and angle that the photograph are taken that make her look even more beautiful . televison , radio , billboard , print are way of advertisment . this is way that the general public get information about an item . advertisment is about creativity and showing what a product can do for you .