i strongly agree opinion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . some people say this society have lot of young people who help our community and show some example of article of newspaper written about young people who help community , but i think they are particular young people . most young people doe not pay their time to help their community . it is real of nowadays . lots of young people is personalized people nowdays . they do not think ablout others situation . the only thing they focused is their own problem . moreover , young people nowadays doe not like activity or performance , rather like staying in home . in home , they play computer game or video game . even they communicate their friend on line not off-line . for example , they chatting and doing group homework by messenger program in computer . it is natural that these toung boy doe not like helping their communites . helping community need lot of activity . studing harder than past is one reason , too . young people in past are not depressed by study . but nowadays , study is prior thing to young people . oil price is raise and long-term depression in economy is exist so young people concern about their future naturally . so , they can not afford to give enough time to helping their community . it is another reason that old people do not struggle to make yong people to help their community . in past , old people is good role model to young people . but sociey are more developing and lot of people live in city , old people also no more give enough time to helping their community . roughly speaking , the problem that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community is making old people who ha not helping their community . in these reason , i purport that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . young people acknowlege that development of community is develvopment of own quality of life . we need young people who help our community .