differences between generation have been public concern , even put into debate for a long time . among which there exists a widely discussed one - whether young people enjoy life more than older people do . needless to say , the answer varies from person to person . as far a i am concerned , i agree with the above statement not only because young people appreciate diversity more , but also because they are more welcome to new thing . to begin with , with the development of human civilization , especially now globalization is an undeniable trend , diversity is increasingly acceptable and admired . there are example everywhere . young people , generally speaking , enjoy traveling to different place . they are fascinated by diverse culture and people they meet . however , older people tend to stay in one place , and even hate change . in that case , their enjoyment are not comparable to their young counterpart . in the second place , in contrast to older people. , young generation are more willing to accept novelty and enjoy them . for instance , a couple of day ago , i wa in the roller coaster in bejing amusing park . it is an exciting experience , a challenge both pysically and mentally . however , my parent just looked away and would not give a try . therefore , it is a pity that they never enjoy those thriller in life , which are taken advantage by u young . nevertheless , to be fair , older people are blessed with their own merit . on one hand , they pay more attention to detail in life , which enable them to find out beauty in the somewhat mundane world . on the other hand , they are more easily to be satisfied , thus feel more grateful to life , even if they are in adversity . in a nutshell , despite all the advantage enjoyed by older people , i will not hesitate to side with the statement that life is more enjoyable to young . my conclusion is based on the fact that young people are happier with new experience . further more , diversity are held in higher regard in youth . therefore , modern society is more appealing to them . however , we can never deny that every person enjoys his or her own happiness and blessing , which ha not much to do with his or her age . as long a we develop a genuine appreciation for life itself , life is definitely more beautiful .