i do not agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . in my opinion , we should concentrate our limited time and energy to one specific field and become the expert in it . first and formost , it is impossible to learn knowledge of various subject well at the same time . we human race ha accumulated so much knowledge throughout history that it is even impoosible for an individual to know all the name of every subject , needle to say to master a broad knowledge of many academic subject . even if the person is really talented at learning and can achieve this goal , he will find out that he ha waste a lot of precious time which he can otherwise spend on entertainment or thing which he is interested in . secondly , it is unnecessary to understand the knowledge of some subject which you may never ha the chance to use in your lifetime . for example , if you are an mechanical engineer who specialize in auto-mobile designing , what is the point of learning how to design a nuclear bomb ? or suppose you are a student majoring in english literature , what can you do with the knowledge of oil detection ? the most imporant reason is that , in today 's fierce competition , one ha to become special and indispensable in one field order to win the game . this requires the individual master a skill which he can perform better than anyone else . we are living in a time when the knowledge is increasing in an unpreceding speed and there are numerous academic field . it is well known that modern competition is increasingly based on techonology and innovation . however , it is impossible to create new knowledge or device without mastering the current existing knowledge well and knowing the subject perfectly . those who are superficial is likely to lose the game , although they might know a lot of knowldge with other subject . i have to admit that it is vital for a person to master the basic knowledge of some discipline . for instance , the knowledge of dealing with a fire emergency is necessary for everyone . but we have to find the balance between specialization and universatilzation . based on the former discui strongly agree with the view that it is more important to specialize in one filed rather than get a broad knowledge with irrelevant field .