i totally agree with the statement . ads do `` make product seem much better that they really are '' . that 's the whole point , is it not ? to entice customer , to lure them to buy something . to somehow convince the buying mass that life will be oh-so-much-better with such-and-such a product . to do that , advertiser and other assorted marketing type must make the product stand out from the plethora of good out there in the market place . and what better way to do that than to try to convince joe q. public that his life will be dramatically improved , in mysterious way , if he buy widget a or gizmo b ? two example that come to mind in that regard are car ad and cosmetic . most car ad ( there are exception , of course ) do not focus on fuel economy or the quality of the seat belt . that would be factual . that would also be boring . instead those ad show the car in a variety of dramatic setting -- the desert , rugged mountain , a curvy sea-side road -- going at high speed , and generally doing all kind of thing that a sane , normal , suburban driver would never do . and at the end of the commercial , in tiny letter at the bottom of the screen , you get the standard disclaimer : `` professional driver on a closed course . do not try this at home . '' if that is not ` making the product seem much better ' than it really is , i don ' t know what would be . but it make the car look cool , and that 's the whole point . the other , even more egregious example is provided by skin-cream ad . specifically , those that claim , for instance , that one 's skin will be `` 62 % smoother '' or `` 43 % brighter '' or somesuch nonsense . of course , those ad never actually explain how one measure skin smoothness or brightness . or what that `` smoother '' refers to . smoother than sandpaper ? who know . but using a number , and ideally featuring someone in a white coat , will give a serious , scentific aura to a product which would otherwise be yet another skin cream . heck , if it make my skin 62 % smoother , it ha got to be more than twice a good a the competing product that only claim a 30 % improvement , right ?