over the year , people have developed two very important theory about a student 's development . some will say that it is more important for a student to understand idea and concept and others will say that it is more important for them to learn fact . personally , i believe that both theory are important , but the understanding of idea and concept is the real key to a student 's success . i say this because if a student just learns fact , that is all that they are learning , simple fact . on the other hand , if a student learns to understand concept and idea , he or she is getting the tool to face all type of situation in school , university , job , and life itself . a clear example of what i mention above are two friend that i grew up with , but graduated from different school . one of them graduated from a school where their principal objective wa to teach the student how to think , analyze and understand concept and idea besides just teaching them fact and the other one came from a school where the main teaching technique wa to make student memorize all type of information . when the time to go to the university came , both student graduated from school with excellent grade but the difference among them started to show on the way . the one that wa used to learning and memorizing fact started to experience serious difficulty if thing did n't work out exactly a they were supposed to , while the one trained to understand concept and idea found out how to work his way through the change and experienced much better result . over the year , the student who wa just taught fact saw the result that the other one wa obataining and finally comprehended that he needed to change . once he did , thing started working out much better for him . i am sure that the example i mention above happens all the time all over the world . personally , i wa lucky enough to be taught to understand concept and idea rather than just plain fact and i can assure that it ha helped me a lot throughout my life because it ha given me the tool to comprehend , understand and analyze thing from different point of view , from different perspective and to look for solution when apparently ther are n't any , which you wo n't be able to do if you just learn fact .