the topic given say that after twenty year there will be fewer car in use than a of today . i do n't think one can answer this question in yes or no . as we will see it depends on a lot of factor , so we need to analyze them closely , only then we can conclude something . it depends a lot on the geographical area we are talking about . if we consider the question for the whole world even then we have to deal and analyze the question for different geographical area individually and then sum them up . for example a country where technical development ha not taken place too much ; there , in coming future , considerable amount of people might switch from two wheeler to car a price of car might go down with more technical development and at the same time car offer more convenience . however think of a hypothetical situation in which a technically very advanced country start using a new vehicle which is cheaper in manufacturing cost and offer more convenience . there people will prefer to stop using car . now let consider a country which is far located from petroleum resource and have to face a lot expense in importing all those thing , the government there might encourage racing cycle or something like that . looking at different perspective , if transportation system in country is local train and this system is getting better day by day . what we mean by getting better is : it is cheaper , convenient and safer than driving your own car/cab . then people will prefer not to use car . however if above happens and a a result accident rate among local train and rush inside the train increase , this would be sign for using your own car again . so we see that it is type of oscillation behaviour but we do n't know the period of such behaviour so we ca n't really predict what will happen after 20 year . now looking from environmental perspective , if car continue to pollute the surroundings a they are doing today ( at least in country like india ) , government might take decision to discourage the ownership of car . but if we found a good way to stop pollution caused by car ( like using cng gas etc ) we might end up having more car at the end of twenty year from now . therefore we can clearly see that the question given doe n't have certain black or white answer a of today . it is complicated function of many thing whose condition after twenty year can not be judged accurately today .