will there be fewer car on road twenty year later than there are today ? this is complex and controversial question . but in my opinion , i do agree that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . my opinion will be proved by following discussion . first of all , the traffic jam . traffic jam already became a serious problem in any large city in the world . for example , shanghai , it will take you 2 hour to go 3 mile during the peak time . government tried to build more road but still can not meet the requirement . the solution is the rail way transportation system . this is also the solution for many other city in the world . take subway , you can control the time accurately and will not waste your time on road . if more and more people take the public transportation system such a subway , there will le car on road . secondly , the environment protection . more and more people and government in this world already awared that protect our environment is protecting our self . also , more and more people select other transportation system such a bicycle , electrical powered train and solar powered system instead of a car . people is choosing not to use car a possible a they could . this trend mean that there will be le car on road in future than there are today . third , resource shortage and government policy . as we know that the price of the oil always keep going up recently . this is because the oil ha already became the shortage resource . if the price continue going up , le people could affort the consumption of oil and will stop use the car . also , to solve the traffic jam problem and resource shortage problem , the government will issue different kind of policy to limited the use of car . for example , raise the tax of car and oil , or raise the car license fee which already selected by shanghai government few year ago . people have to pay extra money to support a car in future . this will force a lot of people not to use the car . in the end , base on above mentioned reason , we could draw the conclusion that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today .