i do agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . young people have a lot of energy inside of them , that motivates them to go further into new field and explore new idea . and that physical power that help them to resist hard time . these exploration and resistance make them atchieve their goalstherefore enjoy life . while old people have n't got this energy and physical power to motivate them and lead them to theiir dream . young people have this gift , inside of them , energy and physical power . this energy and physical power can motivate them and lead them to accomplish their own dream , and by accomplishing their dream , the term enjoying life is fullfield . for example , if a young man ha the dream to become a doctor , inorder to cure sick people . therefore to become a doctor that requires alot of work and study . alot of people might say that he doe n't enjoy life , but the true fact is that , he is enjoying life by doing the only thing he think will proff his existance and will improve from people 's life . on the other hand , if an old person had the same dream of becoming a doctor , will be very hard for him to accomplish it , because he doe n't have that gift any more , the energy . without having the energy , he will struggle to accomplish his dream . i 'm not saying that he wo n't accomplish his dream , no what i mean is that he wo n't enjoy his life in order to accomplish his dream . he will fight against his poor resisting body in order to reach his dream . at last he did it , he accomplished what he wa aiming to . but if we put the young and the old of this example in comparison , the two accomplished their dream , but the young is the one who enjoyed life . he enjoyed the pleasure of using the energy inside of him in order to motivat him , so he may reach his goal to conclude , young people have a gift , they may use it or not , that depends to their inspiration to fullfil their dream . this gift of energy and physical power give them the opportunity to fullfil their dream , on the other hand , old people lack these trait .