i agree that successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well because nothing happens without trying something new . i could also be able to learn new thing from risk . since i already know the thing , that would not tell me anymore first , if i am afraid of doing something new and do n't make any action , i would n't get any reaction which i needed . trying new thing and taking risk , i can concentrate on doing the thing . without risk , i might spoil myself because of the lack of tentions . for example , when i came to america to learn english , i wa afraid of speaking english and making mistake ; therefore , i tried to escape having a long conversation with americans . short one like greeting made me calm because i knew how to do it . however , my english skill wa n't improved at all . second , i think i can learn better from mistake which are same a risk . to take risk , i could see new thing that i could n't see without risk . similarly a first example , i did'nt want to make any mistake and i cared about my english grammer a perfect english too much , so i could n't speak much . one day , my american friend asked me why i cared of the grammer so much and advised me not to afraid , and then i could learn more . since the time , i started to take risk . sometimes american wa not nice when they knew i wa not a native speaker ; however , most of them taught me how to use correct word in sentence . that 's the reason why my english wa improved . i believe there are more lesson from failure than success . repeating what i already know is sometimes boring . it is possible that some people catch me up , and start doing same thing a me . at the time i am not a successful person anymore . if i continue doing same thing , they would become old and useless . in conclusion , to be a successful person , i need to keep doing new thing which nobody can not follow and take a risk for great knowledge from failure . nothing happens seems to be the safest , but at the same time , it mean no change and profit in my life .