i agree with the statement that successful people have more brave to take risk than they is doing the same thing all the time . personally , people want to be successful . they should have creative idea in nowadays . the fact is that trying to face challenge and establish their own idea can help people boost their business easier and enjoy the ideal life . to begin with , trying news thing and taking risk make it posssible for people to boost their own business . there is no doubt that the world is changing all the time . if people still stick to so what they already know , it is almost impossible to make a living in the competition of the market today . through creativity and challenge , people can amass rich much more easier . for example , bill gaze are not graduated at harvard univerity . however , he becomes one of the richest people in the world . what assist him to be successful is an important issue to discus . he us his own idea and ha brave to take risk to build up microsoft which allows everyone to immerse in the digital world . whithout his creativity and spirit , people can not enjoy the convieient life . in addition , creation and challenge make it possible for people to enjoy the ideal life . doubtless , people try to invent new thing in the world . without people 's new idea , others ca n't enjoy their life all the time . for example , some artist and composer try to create new style painting and poem , although during the time people do n't think their work are masterpiece . however , many name of van gogh and shakespears are foever engraved in people 's collective memory . it allows people today to read their meaning fulpoems and painting . without their brave and trying to do new thing , we can not enjoy the ideal life and see their masterpiece . to sum up , some people would rather to keep their traditional idea and do the same thing all the time . however , i choose differently . the reason is that risk and trying new thing make people more sucessfully .