i agree with the people who try new thing and take risk rather than doing one thing what they already know how to do well . the people who always try new thing , have more creative and innovative than the others . they ha an ambition to do the new thing and try to get the success issue with it . even they have to take the risk with it , because of doing the new thing that nobody trying to do , they will get more precious and helpful experience in their life time . they are the people who other people want nowadays , for example , even in the large company where they try to hire the new employee , they will search the people with the creative mind not the people who have same mind a any others . of course , some company could look for the people who are ordinary and not to try the new thing and keep going on with the old one . however we can see in our environment , the people who try new thing and take risk are the leader in their area because that what the company want . the people who only doing one thing and do not want to take the risk of it , they are the one who get the introduction from the people above them and do what they do well usually do . they will not have helpful experience in their life time which can impact on their up-coming future and they will always staying at the same stage where they used to be and they will not go any futher where they can be more important people in our society . by taking risk , those people will get the sense of resposibility and faith by other people but in the other hand , they could loose something by it but they could go one more step in every area , for example , if people failed the business that they put every afford , they will feel helpless and think that everything is finished . however , if those people try one more go for it and improve the business and fix the problem , the business will success and by it , they wil get the many of profit . even those people will have to take the risk , they are already the winner of their life and could be the peoplel who are going more futher in their life not backward .