communities have been there for the people themselves in making their life easier . during ancient time community meant a lot to those ( people ) who belong to them . does the community still have the same significanace in one 's life , now ? absolutely no , thats what that could be seen . so obviously people are not giving enough time for them . with the advent of industrialization people are getting more and more mechanical and self - involved than ever before . since nowadays they there are thing which doe n't need involvement . for example if want to buy fruit , all you need to to is to go to supermarket and pay there and return back , but it wa different earlier when people were using barter system there it required more interaction among people and consequently more interaction with the community . with the mechanical life people have comparatively very le time even for themselves and for their family so it is not surprising if they do not have a lot of time for their community . industrialisation not only brought machanical life but also devaluation of the emotion . people not only devalue the moral but also the significance of community , people now have more greed for money and le heed for the value . all what people can do for their community is donating money but it is not always the best way . for example , in most of reputed college rich alumunis feel a sense of doing for the betterment of their community by donating huge amount of money but sometimes it 's not the money but rather the need of their expertise , their experience etc , but unfortunately this all requires time which might not be available to them . so , we can see that community 's significance ha decreased , it could be accounted to the industrialization which made people 's life more individualized , paying more attention towards money than the rest with no time for community . therefore , one can be agreed with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community ''