the issue given at the hand is the usage of car in the coming year . this issue is difficult a i have to present the various thought in this regard . i think that the usage of car in the next 20 year is going to increase for the reason that i am going to mention now . the first reason that i think that people would use more car because the people in the developing country are more focused on their travelling mode and are concerned about the comfort that using a personal vehicle can have . this is suggested by the fact that the number to car manufacturer are growing world - wide and that the customer are regularly offered car a relatively low price to encourage their sale . even new design have appeared and people are mad after the latest model car available in the market . secondly , owing a car is considered a a symbol of prestige and is no longer restricted to high - income earning people . any person who owns a two wheeler would dream to buy a car in near future and considering the population of average earning group world wide this claearly indicates that their wil be an increase in the usage of car . this is human nature to long for more sophisticated thing and car is just one of them . even the point that the entire family can travel comfortably in one car can not be ruled out . thirdly , even if the traffic problem is considered , many developing country are now building fly-overs , bridge and other architectural construction keeping in mind the increase in the traffic in near future . considering the design feature many car are now designed to be smaller so that they can fit in the most crowded road very easily . even the parking problem is solved using magnificient structure that allow many vehicle to be parked at a single place which is usually underground . so even the government is expecting the increase in the use of four wheeler . fourth reason that can be given is the development of new technology that ensures reduction in the fuel required , even the use of cng can be considered which guarantee no pollution , increase in the performance of the vehicle and hence overall contributon to reducing the environmental pollution , which is usually bought in these case , contribute to the increase in the number of car owner . for all the reasons-peoples attitude , traffic problem which can be solved , car manufacturer new design and effort in reducing the environmental pollution - i have mentioned above i think that the number of car owner are going to increase in the next twenty year .