i totally disagree with the given statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many subject than to specialize in many subject for many reason . because in that case one loses his interest about one particular subject , loses his mastery skill , and worst of all he wo n't get a good position in his job . to start with , one ha to develop interest to get a good hold about a subject but when the student ha to do mastery in all his subject than it put extra demand on his mental a well a physical status . this in turn consumes all his energy and then make him more lethargic towards his field . sooner he will lose interst and won , t concentrate in study . this can affect the grade . secondly i strongly believe that a student ca n't get mastery on all subject . ther are some limitation on all human being , in term of cognitive ability , the memory and learning part . it will be very rude on our part to strain the student with so much of difficult task . we can always adapt to something simpler and make life more beautiful . its fare enough to be master of one subject . the third and the most important arguement is if a student ha not done specialization in one particular subject then he may lose the oppurtunity of getting a good job because nowadays business look for skilled individual . that will be a great loss on his monetary part which indeed is an important commodity . after all we all study to earn good money for ourself and our family and make a bright future . however , one can not deny the good side of this issue , that is one may sound fool when a person don , t have a good background about a particular issue other than is special subject , especially in a friend circle or while teaching lesson to the student but i feel that the advantage of mastery outweighs the drawback . so i believe it good to do mastery than gaining knowledge of everything a i don , t like to be jack of all and master of none . i don , t want to lose interest and neither a good job .