i completely agree with the given statement . it is indeed far more important for student to understand idea and concept in general than it is for them to simply learn fact . i believe so for several reason , however , my main argument behind these reason is the importance of flexibility and creativity for dealing with problem in a changing world . if student are taught static knowledge , they can only learn a limited amount of fact , which might not prepare them for problem they will have to deal with during their work . learning to understand idea and concept on the other hand , allows them to gain new knowledge whenever neccessary . it provides them with a more general skill that can be applied in all kind of situation and to solve all kind of unanticipated problem . i think this sort of general skill and flexibility becomes ever more important in these fast changing time . the value of knowledge understood in term of fact more and more decrease . in the face of contemporary scientific progress , what is held to be fact and truth today may well turn out to be untrue tomorrow . the preperation provided by university can not be very specific . students of the same subject are likely to work in different sector later on . it is often said that learning in fact begin after graduation . the relevant `` hard fact '' required for a certain work are anyway more likely to be acquired during working . so , concentrating on learning fact in most case mean memorising a lot of fact which will never be of use . in contrast , concentrating on learning concept creates flexiblity for a variety of task , for changing biography , for a changing world . flexibility is in the contemporary world a major key to success . it is therefore a crucial skill of university graduate to be able to find solution to all kind of problem which might occur by applying knowledge in a flexible and creative manner , based on the more general idea and principle they have gained understanding of during their study .