young people enjoy life more than older people do . this statement according to me is not appropriate a we can observe in our day to day life many older people enjoying their life more than younger people . but of course at an average we see alot of young people enjoy life more than older people . young people enjoy alot because they are still at the intial stage of their life and they are not encounterd with any practical problem of their life . and at the young age people have le responsibility , so , they generally dont encounter any problem in day to day life . people at the young age are generally looked after by their parent and it is their parent who provide all the facility neede by them . so people at the young age enjoy life alot . but this is not the case every time , if a young person from poor financial background may not be able to get all the facility and therefore it need for him to work very hard to survive i.e he need to spend more time on working hour and so he may miss all the enjoyment and fun that his fellowmen are having . so it depends on various factor that are surrounding that particular person . and coming to older people , a these people have gone through various phase of life they are not easily attracted by the pleasure of enjoyment . some people may have gone through the enjoyment phase in their early stage of life , so , they are not that inetrested in enjoyment and rather like to spend their time on the thing that give pleasure to them like helping the people who have lost their family in a ntural disaster , that is by doing social service . older people with good financial condition and people who are satisfied with their achivements mat enjoy alot than the average young people . so concluding , i would like to state that the enjoyment of people whether they are young or older depends on the circumastances and condition of their life . therefore it is true in some case but it is bot the case in some other condition . finally i would like to state that the statement given is not always true and so it can not be agreed or disagreed .