i agree that student must understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . concepts and idea are play a major role in learn fact . by understanding the idea and concept we will get a more knowledge and to to get a good result in our examination . to understand the concept student are need to attend the class regularly . if we miss the class we are unable to understand the concept clearly . if we are study by using concept and idea we can remember for a longtime we can recall easily . by learning concept and idea we will be more thoroughly in that subject . by understanding concept and idea it make me more intelligent and knowledgible person . it is very useful for our final examination . for the final examination we have to study more topic . it is difficult to remember all topic at a time . sometimes we forgotten . if wwe are studying all topic by understandin concept and idea we are able to remember easily . it enhances to recall very easy in final examination . some student are learn fact without understand idea and concept . its not benificial to them . they will be get bad result in future . concept and idea are more important for student . by understanding these two factor student are achieve their goal . it will be useful in higher study . in higher study understanding the concept is more important . we need more practical knowledge . with out understanding concept and idea nobody can not reach their goal . these are more important factor in student life . student have must done the project in their life . for doing project concept is more important . by thinking idea make me a knowledgable person . students get more benificial by understanding concept and idea . they will be have good future in his future life . if we can understand the concept deeply we will be more perfect in that subject . then you are able to get good result . to understand the concept and idea will more useful in our future life . in professional and good joba we must need to understand the idea . we will apply the idea . finally i suggest that every bstudent must understand concept and idea . it will make a to get good career life and bright future .