i totally disagree with the idea that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . surely it is useful and nesessary to have knowlege of idea or concept when a student claim hisor her idea . however , i do not think studying and understanding them is more important to learn fact . i am from japan . i studied the socil democracy and neo liberal in japan . then i believed japan need to adapt the policy of socil democracy like many european country because recently the employment in japan have been unstable although japanese mncs have increased thier sale and government ha decreased the cooporation tax . so i believed the walfare system in europe is better than american small government and strong capitalism . so i came to europe to study the politics in europe . however , in europe i found what i studied in japan about european society , philosophy and the principle of politics is different from the reality in the society . in the theory each person ha same right under the law but one day i saw the situtations where two black men were rejected by the shop to enter in uk . thier behavior were not problem at all . in europe i found that if the government try to protect the people 's life , people are not independent about thier life . also people become intolarent to foreigner . the society do not tend to give the oppotunity to foreigner because the government or worker union give much regulation about employment to the company so that the rate of umemployment in many european country are higher than the united states or japan . so there is le chance for me . besides , i lost many desire to work or study in europe because many people are so easy going about life because thier life are protected by the government . in addition , at the this christmas vacation , i visited ny . then i felt absolutoly comfortable . because americans whom i talked with are more used to the different culture so that i could feel i am just one of people . also the society inspired me to work in the united states . it wa so schocking experience for me because when i had studied political philosophy in japan , i believed that the social democacy is necessary for japan . however , to be honest i feel so uncomfortable in europe by the fact that i found or experience that i have learned in europe . so in conclution , i strongly disagree with the idea that understanding the concept or idea is important than learing the fact . i should have studied in the united states not in europe .