it is said often that young people do not give enough time to helping their community , but i would disagree with that . however , before laying out the argument against this statement , it is essential to define what is meant by `` community '' . is community to be understood a the general society that we live or can it be understood a the specific community of an individual , meaning his or her family and friend , neighbor and people of the town or village that that individual life in ? if `` community '' were to be understood according to the first proposition , than i would still argue against the orginal statement . true , traditional way to serve one 's community have changed over time . for example , the church in germany ha lost it importance for a lot of young people ; thus , there are not a many people involved in charitable activity organized by the church a it might have been the case 50 or 40 year ago . however , these ( and similar ) chore are now being fulfilled by other societal organization . non-governmental organization such a amnesty international or greenpeace who are vital to discussion in and change of society depend especially on the participation of young people for they are generally more flexible and able to invest time - and young people do indeed make up a big part of their active member . if we were to understand `` community '' to be a smaller group of people , than i would absolutley refute the original statement . recent survey such a the german `` shell study '' have shown that young people value family and a safe and comforting community higher than they used to in the 1970s and 1980s . scientists believe that this development ha it root in the effect of globalization : people are required to be more flexible and to adapt to changing condition while at the same time facing an increasing insecurity due to the job market which see a high unemployment rate or at least very instable working condition even among highly qualified young people . and since traditional value have increased in young people 's favor , they are naturally more willing to help to sustain the structure that provide them a sense of belonging . thus , for example , they take care of older family member instead of having them live in a retirement home , they help neighbor repair their house , they organize group at school that cook for the child instead of having them by fast food product , and they are engaged in local politcs or regional environmental initiative . to sum up , all these example show that young people do care about their community and and that they are not devoting le time than other younger people in earlier time to help their community .