people travel to all over the world for various reason . some do it because they want a change in their life , whereas others do it beacause they want to explore the world and want to know about that place , the people and their culture . hence , i feel that if the reason is to explore the world or the place , the best thing is to do in a group led by a tour guide . a tour guide is a person who is professionally qualified to help and show people the place they are travelling to , so it would be really easy if you are with a tour guide . also , travelling in a group ha it own charm . you are not only enjoinyg a new place but also you are sharing your experience and your joy with others too . although , i do agree if we are travelling in group we dont posse the amount of freedom we would enjoy when we are alone but being in group with a tour guide is beneficial in many other way . firstly , since he is an expert you will get to explore and see all important place which you might miss if you are travelling alone . for example you might just miss amonument and you later regret that you might have consulted a tour guide . also , by chance if you face any kind of problem you have so many people helping you out . for example , you might have a problem with your health in a place which is new to you . it might be great cause of concern , whereas if you are travelling in a group you have so many people to count on . also , there are people in this world who do not have family or friend these kind of group are really beneficial for them . it ha been seen that after spending day together you really beacame friend even after you finish off with your trip . when people travel in group they spend all extra time singing , enjoing , dancing with each other . even the time you spend on travelling becomes so exciting . to summarise i would say that travelling in group led by a tour guide do take away some part of your freedom but it provides you with a real defination of enjoyment and excitement which you can never enjoy all alone .