i agree with the statement : ` young people enjoy life more than older people do ' , although it wa not such an easy question and furtermore it ha neither an easy or definitive answer . i believe that some ( some , because it is impossible to generallyze in abstract theme a this one ) young people enjoy life more than older people mostly because they have le responsabilities . as it is said : ` those whom do n't know anything , do n't fear anything ' which mean that the le you know the le you have to worry about . by example , a six year old boy need to be feed and he worry about it when he feel hungry , buy he doe n't worry about who is bringing the money home to buy the food . so , he enjoys life by being satisfied on his basic need and by being able to play and experience life at this young stage . on the other hand , older people , adult for example , generally have an income , they have money , they drive , they have an active social life and they can practically do whatever they want . .. this , give them a sense of freedom . i said before that this wa not an easy question and either it wa not easy to answer because it ha many point to be anallyzed , so many that i believe it could be the topic of a professional research . there are many variable : what can we consider a young people ( teenager are a young segment of the population and they certainly do n't feel happy alll the time ) and what can be considered a old people ( very old people are most of the time sick ; according to jose saramago : the old people life going to nothing while the young people go for everything ) . but , in conclusion i think that is better to know many thing , to be aware of what life ha for each one - you can reach this state when you are an adult , even a young adult - and then enjoy life , knowing the advantage and challenge that life put on your way to get almost anything : when something cost one a lot of work , it will appear to be better when it is obtained . so that : i am older than other people and i enjoy life more than some younger people .