the issue at hand is about the type of studying . it is very important because this choice ha a lot of consequencies for the future . i think that it is better to know many academic subject than to specialize in only one specific subject . although there are good reason for both , i really think that the reason supporting the statement are more than the others and more important . first of all , i think that the real life is never about only one specific topic . i think that people need to know a lot of different thing in different subject not only in order to be appreciated from the others , but , for example , to communicate with other people . additionally , i think that there are not fixed boundary between the different subject . those boundary are made by the human in order to classify and to organize the knowledge . but , a i have seen in my study , all the `` different '' subject are in reality connected . for example , artificial intelligence is not only about computer science , but it is connected with a lot of other subject . it is connected to biology ( biology inspired algorithms and artificial vision ) . to electronics ( for the robot ) , to philosophy ( different type of logic and problem in the different logic ) ... so , it is important , in order to understand well a subject , to know also other subject . another important consideration is about the capability of reasoning . i think that if student study different subject , they are more likely to reason and to connect all the information . on the other hand , if student study only one subject , they will not be able to reasoning . their mind are closed only to specific information . finally , i think that it is more interesting for a student to learn something about different subject rather than to learn only about one subject . i discussed this opinion with some friend and all of them agreed with me . in conclusion , a my essay explains , i think that it is better to know many different subject ( even not in depth ) than specialize in one specific subject .