from my perspective , i do agree with the concept of young people nowaways do not give enough time to helping their community . the reason why i have a strong feeling towards it is because that for the past four year i have been helping at the orphanage constantly , but i seldom find any other young adult like me who is willing to take part of their time off in a week or a month to help out those who are in need . maybe i am being too harsh on my peer for asking them to give something back for their community , but somehow i start seeing my country , taiwan , ha becoming a place with cold-hearded younger generation . since i am a person who walk between the two world , the united states and taiwan , i share my equal half on both of my home . i often sign up community survives with my peer in the states to just more or le make our community better , and to provide some care and love for the people who really need it . most importantly , i feel happiness around , and some sens of having a meaningful life . i even see more young adult in the states are willing to help out their community by doing any kind of service . maybe that is why the states is still growing a a steadlily country , and this is something that my chinese folk will never understand . there might be some factor for causing this kind of tragedy . students here are still being punished with corperal punishment , and their teacher always brainwash them by telling them that school and grade come first , and nothing else is far more important than academic . maybe therefore kid stop concerning about what they should actually be caring about . the outside world is no longer a huge impact on their life besides schooling . i think this is one of the major problem which drag young people to become le prone to serving back their community . what we need in the society now is someone who ha broader horizon , and audacious enough to show some passion to encourage our young people to once be able to provide some time to help out their community . sometimes i do feel it is a posterous thing to realize that there are le people who are willing to assist their community , but i certainly do understand that it is because of the surrounding people are living in , with pressure and income difficulty , that they can not even have a time to rest and think about the thing that will bring love and happiness to other people and their further generation .