this question perfectly fit with my personal experience , in fact i had to face to this important question during my career a a student before and a worker after . at university i have studied political science , a faculty which gave me a wide knowledge other different subject , such a politic , history , economy , language , sociology , philosophy , mathematic , law , etc . during the period of my study i have found them really usefull and not boring at all , because i could study different issue at the same time , making university a vary and always new method of learning . the same day i had lesson of private law , mathematic and sociology , and this variety of subject avoided the risk of getting tired of studing always the same thing . then i graduated , and i had to face the incredible world of job . and only at this point i have found out that all what i had studied at university gave me on one side a wide range of knowledge , but on the other a lack in the specific knowledge of one main subject . in all this , which knowledge is better ? the broad knowledge of many academic subject or the specialization in one specific subject ? i still have to find myself the right answer , so that i have to arrange this lack giving a compromising answer : it 's better to have a specialized knowledge in one subject which we like and on which we can focus our job and career , but we should optimize this specialization by widening a much a possible our basic knowledge of different subject . another important factor concern our goal : if our goal is to find a good and well retributed job , so we have to specialize in one subject because this is what is more needed and asked in the job 's world . nowadays there are more graduated with a good wide knoledge than graduated with a good specialization in one field of study . on the other hand , if our goal is to have a general knowledge other different aspect which may help to understand one single sector of our life , such a for istance political science , we have to spend year other different academic subject , studying a bit of everything .