in general i agree that most advertisement let people think that product are better a they are in reality . there are three different type of publicity that make it product better a they are . the first group of advertisement is the one that simply lie about the quality of a certain product . it say that product are able to do thing that are not true to make the product seem better . a product is better the more thing it can do . today often it is not enough if people can use a certain machine just to do one thing . because people need many thing today and they do not have a lack of space ( and often also a lack of money ) to buy for everything a new machine . so today a mobile phone need to have a camera , a radio , a alarm clock and many thing more in addition to a telephone . so often today company use lie to make the product seem better a it is . the consequence of this is that the customer are disapointed and do not buy product of this company anymore and do not recomment this firm to their friend . so the company often is not able to survive a long time . there is a second type of publicity . many company exagerate when they discribe their product . one way for exageration is to make the advertised thing seem nicer on a picture or at television a it is in reality . many technical product look after a short time of use very old . in the advertisement a shaver look very new although the man in the publicity say that he is using it already for a long time , a year or so . or often product look bigger or packaging give the impression that they are fuller a they are in reality . the consequence of those advertisement are not so grave . people are used to the fact that advertisement exagerate and ofthen people do not complain because of those detail if they like the product in general . those exagerations are not essential . the third group of publicity are also lie but this group differs from the second group mentioned above . those lie are lie that people do not believe . a company sometimes say impossible thing about a product just to make it famous and to let the people think about it . a very famous example is a drink that is called red bull . the advertisemet say that if somebody drink red bull he is supposed to get wing and to fly . but everybody know that today it is not possible ( or not yet ) to drink something and then be able to fly . so that is a lye ( it can be called also a white lie ) that nobody belief . it can be also seen a a strong exaggeration that doe not harm anybody . finally it think that most company make product seem muck better in the advertisement a they really are . but today company often do not have another possibility a to do so . because there are so many advertisement and people just look at the one which seem interesting and innovative to them . so there is a big battle of the best advertisement .