the issue under consideration is the argument that most advertisement attempt to project their product in a manner that showcase the product in much better light than they actually are . this issue appears to be a very common and valid statement , since more often than not , it is a general complaint among customer that product never seem to deliver what they promise in their promotion . however , i would like to disagree with this statement , keeping in mind my consideration of certain important factor , such a the process that people use to choose certain product , the effort being made my manufacturer towards developing their product , government , civic and judicial law that mandate advertisement to give the correct picture , and the role of public interest group that strive to increase customer awareness regarding the buying of product . the first point that i would like to highlight is the motivation of customer in buying product . many customer do not realize that the product they buy are actually not targetted at them at all in the first place . for example , people who face hair loss on their scalp tend to buy product like hair loss prevention shampoo , without first checking whether that shampoo is indeed formulated for their problem , which may be occuring due to more serious medical reason . when such customer do not get the result they expected , they tend to blame the product , and accuse it advertisement of false campaigning . to prevent this , customer should become aware of the fact that they need to excercise discretion and perhaps get some medical or non-medical advice ( like in the shampoo 's case ) when choosing product . the next point i would like to emphasize on is the sincere effort being made manufacturer of product to provide more information on the intended target of product , product composition , possible shortcoming or side effect of their product , etc , through easily accessible mass communication channel like the internet and television . for example , company issuing public mutual fund do make it a point to issue a warning at the end of their promotion on television , asking viewer to exercise caution and prior research when investing in their fund . a third very important point to note is the role of government and/or judicial body or authority in passing law that ensure that advertisement do not make false claim , and allow customer to file suit a applicable , against such company . i believe that such law deter advertiser from hyping up their product . finally , any free society ha a large number of public interest group that volunteer to monitor and check wrongful act such a over-promotion of good or service in the intent of gaining profit by misguiding customer . such society provide a framework to actively patrol and educate people about such misleading venture . in conclusion , i believe , that due to a host of factor , some of which i have detailed above , advertisement of today , though capable , do not actually make deliberate attempt to mislead customer by over-hyping the feature of their product . true , they may use popular celebrity to endorse their brand , or use jazzy visuals and other medium , but the actual claim made are largely truthful , and they do make sincere attempt to clarify who their target audience is .