i completely disagree with the fact that automobile , especially car , are going to degrade in number in the next couple of decade . with the increase in present day technology and the rapid life these day , car have become of the most essential part of one 's life . to start with , a the year are passing by , the standard of living of the people ha changed dramatically , to be more precise , there ha been an increasing hike in people 's way of life . modern generation people are beginning to prefer car to any other automobile , like for instance , bike , motorcycle , etc . the reason for this may be due to the overwhelming social economic uplift , or due to the increasing temperature day after day . travelling on motorcycle and bike can be tough after 20 year from now with the mercury rising year after year . some people , for example industrialist , consider possession of a prized car a a form of pride and honour of their status . not to mention the technology that ha been increasing rapidly , which inturn prof to be more useful to the automobile industry by encouraging the maker of these car to evaluate their car more and more , and their never ending attempt to satisfy their customer can also be named a one of the reason . in a recent survey conducted by the reader 's digest magazine , it ha been stated that the sale of various car company , for example hyundai , toyota , ford , etc. , have been soaring sky high from the past two decade or so . there have also been case of almost 200 % increase in the sale of automobile in a considerably short span of time . in the earlier day , possessing a car wa actually a dream for the people . but now , it ha almost become accessible to everyone which ultimately decrease it chance of subsiding in number . taking the next couple of decade into consideration , automobile , especially car , can be expected to have an important role in the social a well a economical life of a person , in whatever form possible . neverthless , a far a i 'm concerned , i can rate minimum scope for the decline expectation of car from the world , a per the reason stated above . in short , `` life without cars ca n't be imagined in the present day ! ''