cars are the symbol of the access to a better life for a lot of people because they have the felling to be free to go everywhere they want . however , car ha no future 's life in front of all the new technology in communication an interaction . that is why i am convienced that there will be fewers car in twenty year . my first reason to belive this is that , in twenty year car wil representate too many disagreement . for example , today , a lot of street of big town like new york or london are really overcrowded . the street are becoming too little for all thesis car . for instance , it is more difficult to go outside paris , in the subburbs , than take the plane an go very far from france . in twenty year , i think all big city will be like london . actually in london , you can not enter in the city without pay a right for entrance . this solution express that people really want to reduce the number of car into big city . in addition , that is why every big city develop the bus or the subway , which is really more confortable for people who have to across the town everyday to go to work . as far a i am concerned , i prefer take the subway because i do my travel in le time than if i need to take the car . in my opinion , this solution to develop in big city subway or bus wil be developed a far there will have no more car in city . furthermore , i think that we must take into consideration the developement in twenty year of new technology . first of all , we realize today , and more in twenty year , how the pollution is damagable for the environement . and car are one of the main reason to explain this pollution . that is why we really want to promote some way to travel which respect more our planet . in twenty year , i am convinced that we will have new way to travel , faster and with le pollution . for instance , in some little town like bordeaux ( in the south of france ) , there is the tramway , which allow people to across the town without breath the cars'pollution . i think that is a really good experimentation . morevoer , in twenty year , we use more and more plane . indeed , plane are becoming le an le expensive and i hope than in these time , all peopkle can afford it . that is why i argue that in few year , all people use traway or subway to across their city and use plane to across some country . tu summaruze my point of vue , i am really convinced and i hope also that there will be fewer car in use than today . in few year , we have a lot of new way to travel , without wasting all this time in our car and , by the same way , we have the opportunity to save our earth .