it ha become quiet a common proverb that `` if you want to identify a leading nation , you may start by identifying it cultivated population '' . in other word , knowledge is a key issue for the advancement of individual and the evolution of nation . some people believe that knowledge may be restricted to a specific topic , while other people think that knowledge should cover a broader spectrum of information . the first group of people say that specialization is an essential criterion of the 21st century 's success . being knowledgeable in a specifc area secures a solid platform for a well-founded advancement . an additional reason is that specialization provides an in-depth focus into relevant research , and considerably eliminates the risk of getting into an uncessary waste of time and human resource , not to mention the financial one . a research done by the faculty of science at saint andrews university in 2005 state that individual with a specialized academic background have an additional leverage of assisting in research laboratory than other people with a more generic knowledge base . the other group of people believe that an academic portfolio rich of wide and diversified topic is an essential tool for advancement . they point out to the fact that most of the professional platform are offering nowadays the sufficient training and orientation for their recruit to be specialized in one area . therefore , the candidate must be equipped with a broader knowledge to be able to sustain in his daily life and be up to the many facet of his day : for instance , would you wish to be in teh shoe of a specialized mathematician pioneer in his field , but however unable to interact in a social gathering when the issue of global heating is brought up ? personally , i think that i can not align myself completely with either group . i have my reservation on both position . while it is important to be a specialist in one 's field , this idea doe not contradict the importance of keeping abreast of a variety of topic . grasping more knowledge can never have a drawback ; besides , professional body are offering a gret relief concentrating themselves on the specialization of their recruit . the more we know , the better we lead nation .