i agree with the statement . young people of this generation do not spare enough time helping their community . there are various reason for this . firstly , youngsters of today world are more inclined towards planning their career . it ha become important for them to make a goal and thrive hard to accomplish it . they are of general belief that they have many other work to accomplish than working for community . they rarely spare time for the community . earlier day , a we hear from our grand parent , they used to form welfare community and work hard for it . scheduling meeting , attended by all youngster in community and planning thing for the betterment of community . this characteristic virtually lack in youngster of today . secondly , the other reason might a well be lack of initiation . the youngster should be motivated to start programme that help community to grow and prosper . if one take a step towards helping community , their friend , neigbours will join them too . youngsters in college , university and those working in corporates , prefer enjoying their weekend rather doing supportive work . i feel they should instead think of creative idea that would improve quality of living in community . finally , youngster to be helpfull for community , the quality should be inculcated when they are in growing stage . as the saying go `` old habit die hard '' . helping community , working for it shuld be thought to individual at a very early stage of life ( proabably from the age of 6 ) , by doing so they grow up to be helpful individual . consider an example , ashoka , indian emporer planted tree by road , helped the needy , and eventually became a leader . the helpful nature helped him to be a leader . history say these quality were embibed in him by his mother when he wa a kid . the reason for the youngster not working towards the community are that they are more career oriented . they concentrate more on their future . parent also play a important role in behaviour of younsters . parent ought make their child understand the importance of society and need to help the community . they should encourage child to participate in community more often .