generally speaking , the purpose of an academic education is twofold . firstly , it prepares student for the labor market in a particular area . since most student pursue career outside academia , this is not a trivial purpose . secondly , it should prepare student to conduct effective research applying the state of the art research methodology . thus , both purpose of academic education should be taken into account when discussing this subject . in effect , a broader knowledge of many subject will necessarily require student to focus on the broader concept instead of the detail . on the other hand , studying subject more in depth will allow a student to absorb a significantly higher amount of detail , at the expense of knowledge outside the area of specialization . it ha often been argued that such in-depth knowledge of a subject area and it detail is not beneficial , because of a phenomenon colloquially called `` brain overflow '' . as we acquire new detail , we forget the detail we have learned in the past . however , research ha shown that the brain is not a container with a fixed size that can only contain a limited amount of knowledge . rather , the process of learning and remembering itself expands the capacity of the brain . thus , there is no clear cut limit to the amount any one person can learn and remember . looking at the labor market implication of this issue , it is important to note that especially in knowledge based professional service , the degree of specialisation is increasing . therefore , generalist tend to be in le demand than specialist that are able to cover one subject area in depth . similarly , contrary to popular belief , it is still factual knowledge which allows people to put new information in context . only those who have a sufficient amount of factual information and a thorough understanding of a subject will be able to process new information . on the other hand , most people would agree that while the exact limit of the brain 's capacity might be unknown , there must be some limit to the number of data one can remember . in earlier time intellectual like j.w. goethe had actually read all or almost all book published in the three main language at that time . this is drastically different today . since the knowledge in many academic subject double every ten year or so , it is impossible to keep up with this pace by going into subject specific detail . scientists thus are condemned to become generalist to some extent . it is also important to understand that it is the very ability to learn that might be the most important result of an academic education . acquiring the ability to quickly identify the most important question and then to absorb new knowledge is more important than accumulating large amount of `` dead data '' . it is not only the knowledge that differentiates graduate from non-graduates . it is also their ability to learn and process new knowledge faster . all this would favor a more general knowledge of many subject . in addition to this , on today 's labor market , most job require constant adaptation to new development . the speed with which we are able to adapt to new development might therefor be more important than the mass of knowledge acquired in the past . i would therefore favor a stronger focus on general knowledge of many subject rather than an in depth focus on one subject .