i personally agree that people have to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject , this beliefe emerged from what i have noticed and experinced in this world such a the information revolution , which made the information easy , fast , and available without extra time and mony , it becoming essential to have an idea about many academic subject rather than only yours . there are so many reason to agree on the said statement , but will try to summerize some of it . the whole world ha become a small village and what ever happened on the extreme north will be known to those in the extreme south in jsut a second . in certain occasion a person might face lot of incedences in which he/she will be either a part of a discussion about his/her specific background at the job location , or in social gathering with familly and friend . on the other hand sometime and in our dynamic life we all face in certain occasion a place where they discus about new academic subject like for example the price of energy source and the availability of the oil and gas alternative , for how long they will continue dominating the energy source , therefore if you are a medical doctoer you should have some knowledge about it since also this subject affect our life . being an engineer today , you must get a degree in business adminstartion in order to compete in the market . pharmisits who are working in the distribution part of pharmositcal company have to have a degree or solid experinece in buisness namely sale and marketing . nobody can deny how important is the wide knowledge at this time . schools ha taken mojor step to expand the knowledge of thier student and make them ready for the coming sophosticated future in which thing are moving very quickly . this is a very important reason for parent for example to widen thier knowledge to be prepared to answer thier child question . one thing to emphasize , is that it not neccesary to have always a double major to be in line with the new development , but it very important that we all know how to use internet for example and to know which refernce we have to use in order to either answer a question out of our special subject or participate in a discussion that might take place either at the office or elswhere .