i have to admit that this statement is really true in these set of material nowadays . advertisement play really big role market . all selling plan setting according to advertiesements . in advertiesement they can show product better in many way . first of all they show product with it 's most beatifull look . they play the image with computer because nowadays the tecnologies are really developed to do these kind of arrangement so they use it . and also they show the product very practical even it is not . they show you use of the product a easy a a toy and when you see them you believe that and so you buy it but the fact that sometimes you ca n't even combine the part of the product or if this product is a food they eat it like they never eat anyhing like it before so you wanna taste that but again the fact not change and you will be disappointed in the end . secondly they make some word trick and play with the word even they can mislead you about that product or that product 's apportunities . also you only see the good part of product in the advertisement . the bad part never mentioned and limitation or some bad way about product always shown at the bottom with really thiny letter . so you never read that thiny letter but by the time you are being misleading about apportunities or sale etc . the last and most important mind game is the slogan of the product , the selling sentence or word or word group which related with the product . if they make a good jingle or song or warning in advertisement it stuck on your mind because you listen that on and on and on . so you remember that all the time so when you see product you remember advertisement and you wanna try it . a a conclusion advertisement affect all the selling of the product and we know that not all the product are good and on to that if we still trying these product it 's all because of these advertisement . on the other hand the product not always bad a i mentioned but no matter what the advertisement always show it better than itself .