i agree with the statement that young people do not spend enough time helping their community . i believe from personal observation and experience that social service ha much lesser importance amongst the youth of today than what it should ideally be having . young people do not seem to think that community service should be an integral part of their life . this is unfortunate , because social service ha profound impact both on the individual and community level . social service build personal character , promotes community spirit and develops respondibility in a person . hence it is essential for the overall growth and development of the person . community service is essential for a functioning society - it promotes the general well-being of the society , encourages responsibility division and delegation and greatly enhances the integration of the community . one only need to look around to find example of youngster neglecting their societial duty and responsibility . they are more busy admiring and aping transient entertainment and fashion icon . these ` icon ' of today do nothing to instill social responsibility amongst their fan . a life of hedonism is considered ` cool ' and seems to be the trend to follow for the youngster . they do not have enough concern about the welfare of the underprivileged , or the elderly . they are unaware of pressing issue that their society face . even in my own community - which place immense value on giving respect to elder - i have seen young people ignore the plight of their own parent and grandparent . it is essential that the reason for the greatly reducing sense of social responsibility amongst the youth be identified and remedial measure taken . it should be instilled amongst them that a a part of society people have duty and responsibility which simply can not be shirked . parents and teacher must take care to instill the value of social service in child from and early age , and must themselves prove to be good role model . schools must regularly provide social service and community ethic course , and atleast a few of them could be made mandatory . in conclusion , i would like to reitierate the point that the lack of social commitment and responsibility amongst the youth is a trend that is detrimental to both the individual and society . it is imperative that proper measure be taken to reverse this trend and to make our youth more socially responsible again .