while it could be tempting to specialize only on one particular academic subject , a broad academic backgroung is a key tool for one 's personal and professional life . it can be easier , at first , to decide focusing on one particular academic subject . indeed people who are done with their specific study , feel comfortable in their subject . they can get a job pretty easily and can directly apply their knowledge . however during their education they missed many useful thing . first of all , having a general academic bakcground is one of the main reason of success in science and in reasearch in particular . the most famous scientist had an amazingly broad academic background and this led to the most important dicoveries that human kind ha experienced . they were able to adapt proved technique to new field , leading to rapid improvement . a broad general background is not just a required tool for scientist but for any person . this help you think outside the box because you learnt different approach and technique that can be used to solve a problem that seemed new at first . people with a broad academic background are therefore able to adapt and respond more quickly and effectively to new situation than the rest of the people . a broad academic knowledge is also important because it give you a strong cultural background . this is useful in many situation of your professional and professional life , because you will be able to understand these situation better . hence you will be able to act in a clearer way than you would have if you did not have such a broad academic knowledge . finally , a broad academic background is also important in society , to understand many different people with diverse job and culture . this represents a key factor of adaptibility in society . in your job for instance , you will usually adapt faster that a person who studied a specific subject . in sum , knowledge of many academic sbjects is a powerful tool in both your professional and personal life , even though specialising on one particular subject could be an asset for your first job .