the question wheter or not there will be fewer car on the road in the future ha been discussed by many article . i do not think that in 20 year there will be fewer car in use than today . the reason why i think the number of car wo n't decline is based in the function a car ha and the benefit of a car that human apprecciate about owning one . it ha to do with the attitude most human seem to have , concerning car . many people love their car and have almost an emotional relationship with it . they think of it a prestige and status symbol and use it for expressing themselves and making a statement of who they realy are . other poeple like the most about car that they give them the opportunity to be flexible . a car give the freedom to visit a place whenever the driver want to and also give the freedom to leave a place when wished . people reach freedom through car . freedom is one of the most important value of western society . it is something that we do not want to give away . when we think about reason why there could be a decline in car on the street in the future , we often think about the often mentioned oil-scarcity or the dependency of western country on oil-producing eastern country . i am aware of the fact that those thing are important and difficult to solve . but what make me sure that the number of car wont be reduced is the faith in new innovation . i believe that one day we realy need to find something new , there will be a new invention . one example for this can be seen in the case of the vw lupo , which is a car model that only us up five liter of fill on 100 kilometer . this model wa released shortly after oil price rose up high . some article sayed that vw had the car ready and wa just waiting for the right opportunity to bring it on the market . i could imagine that car manufacturer also have the right idea of how to make driving possible in a true clean way , without pollution-causing engine and without using regular fill . furthermore , i think that once such car are invented and accepted by a bigger part of population , they will be produced on assembly line and in high ammount . this would make them available for many people . concluding , i think that the number of car wo n't be reduced because people dont want to give away their car , which give new innovation the room to create a new car that can be driven without negative effect .