even in the pressurised atmosphere which the youth of today 's generation face for building his or her carer , i do not think that they have detered from their responsibility towards the community . it is true that day by day a the youth are getting more and more competitive so is the pressure on them by their parent and relative to have a secured future and decent earning . in such an atmoosphere it becomes a bit difficult for the student to give way to their genuine feeling to help other . but still a i have myself observed in my community the youth have taken up the challenge and are helping the poor and needy one by whatever mean they can . i would like to give an example of a very small organization which carry out such a function . in my own institute theere is an organization called `` kashi utkarsh '' which try to educate the illiterate , poor child and provide them with ceratin daily requirement . they even get the financial aid from the student of the college itself . there are various big and legally organized institute which have been build by the government of a country which have maximum youth participant . it is true a part of the society keep on postponing it responsibilty toward the society by putting up various kind of lame excuse like that of their time having not arrived yet to help others and they should first secure their position in the society before helping others . on the other there are various child who help the needy one in their localitiy itself . it is not essential to join an institute to help others social service is quite appreciable even if done on a very small scale . even on governmnet 's side especially in united staes of america , the will in the student to help the needy one is being promoted by exempting a part of their college fee on volunteering for the helping people with very limited mean . the student are encouraged to take evening class for student who have some difficulty with their subject . and the student are not payed for this hence making them understand the menaing of their being a part of the society they live in . to illuminate my point i do not think that example of mother teresa will be out of date . she did not start healing the wounded and helping the poor and needy one across the nation after she got old ! it wa only that her work were recognized on an international level after a certain period pof obscurity . to conclude there is no dearth of student who are ready to work for the community . what they lack is opportunity and proper guidence , which is provided adequately , there would never be any such question arising !