advertisements are everywhere you look . you can find them in the newspaper , on the television screen , in magazine , and on big poster . these advertisement may be inevitable , but one question remains , do most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are ? when hearing that question , axe advertisement may instantly pop into one head . an advertisement , which ha been on television for a while , show woman running after a man who used axe deodorant . when thinking about that , it is probably hard to remember ever seeing a man run away from thousand of woman chasing him because he us axe . in this case on would probably have to say that they make false advertisement , or simply use an exageration to show that their product smell good . a product that definitely had false advertisement to it wa the nike shox sneaker . in commercial for this sneaker it wa said that the shoe make the person who wear it jump higher , and that it wa proven by expert . later study actually showed that the shoe merely took le pressure off of the back and joint , but did not really make the person jump higher . one ha to say that despite it being a good shoe that support the back and joint , such a knee , it is definitely not what it is made out to be , and therefore also a worse shoe . another advertisement that make it product seem better that it really is , is the powerade sport drink . who ha not seen the commercial of a quarterback in football throwing the ball to a receiver who then fall a couple of yard ? with much guarantee , this did not happen in reality , but wa advanced by computer , therefore the advertisement make this product seem much better than it really is . one could definitely make a strong statement for business advertising it product much better than they actually are . as shown through axe , nike , and powerade commercial , these brand often try to convince the costumer through exageration . one should not always take the advertisement completely serious , for some are clearly exagerating to bring a point across .