when people talk about traveling , most people will want to join a group which will be led by a tour guide . i always ponder on the reason why they make such an ignorant decision . with a tour guide , one can hardly have enough time to appreciate the traveling , with a tour guid , one can no longer be free , and with a tour guid , one ha to pay . in my life , my first travel wa to new york and i thought of it a a horrible trip , because i wa basically like a robot which wa controlled by the tour guide . even buying a icecream across the street needed his permission . i knew that he did n't want any of his client be lost , but i wa totally restrained under his rule . i no longer felt that i wa on a trip which i wa supposed to enjoy . the first monument that i visited wa the liberal bell which wa protected by some special glass . with that godlike tour guide , i can hardly read any information on this bell . before having read about it derivation , i wa `` told '' to leave , because the bus wa leaving . if i did n't have that tour i would have learned so much about this wonderful bell whille enjoying the trip . when we arrived at the hotel which we were going to sleepover tonight , i wa `` told '' not to leave the hotel . i felt that i wa restained in this `` jail '' . it wa so absurd to me that i wa not free on my own trip . it wa not that i could not speak english and would have language barrier between the people . with this limit freedom , i could barely do anything . when i reached the end of this `` wonderful '' trip , i needed to pay this guide who spoiled my trip money . the whole concept of having a tour guide is ridiculous . people may feel unsecured without having a guide but that 's part of our life . nobody go to a strange place and immediately , he know everything . trip without a tour guide is a true vacation . one can freely walk on the street to view the wonderful city , new york . one can interact with the people on the street without any worry of time limit , and one can truely enjoy one 's vacation .