nor fate nor chance nor any star command success and failiure not but lie in your hand this is the mantra that seems have driven successful people over the year . continuous improvement and the quest for it is the single most important factor that drive people to achieve the impossible . how much ever a person like a particular thing and however brilliant he might be at it , if the need to improve continuously is lacking he would ultimately be bored of such a job and will fail to give his best . the very fundamental truth of life revolves around the fact `` no risk no return . '' the leading example of a successful man is mahatma gandhi , a person who could have easily chosen to lead a simple and happy life a a lawyer in south africa . however , he chose to come back to india and fight for freedom of his people against all odds . without his determination and guidance india would not have been freed . another example would be mother teresa who worked day after day to help the poor and the underprivelaged . as any other human being she could have chosen to lead a normal and happy life but that would have made all of u call her a mother to explore new opportunity one need to go out of his way and face uncertain circumstance and figure out way to emerge victorious . only when one belief that failiure is not an option in an uncertain environment would he actually give his cent percent and emerge successful . as necessity is the mother of all invention taking risk and being exposed to an uncertain atmosphere is the main element necessary to becoming succesful . however , taking on new risk and challenge is not the only ingredient in making a successful man . it should be combined with other quality like willingness to learn , courage and above all belief in himself . this stress on an important concept called calculated risk , which effectively mean risk which a person need to take in a planned way . the problem should be analyzed and then broken down into component , and each component should then be individually attacked .