for long a the college exsits in the society , the professor and student have debated whether having many academic knowledge would be better or having spacialize one . the issue may not be resolved be everybody 's satisfaction the answer is crystal-clear in my mind ; taking many academic subject will be the best for your edcucation . that many academic subject are better for education is eveident for several reason . first , when you are educated in school or some institute , in most case the studenets goal in the future are vague . in this kind of situatiation the student will need variety of information which lead his future to be very attractive . to illustrate , my sister who is in college have not decided her job after school . however she is now taking the many academic class to broaden her knowledge and also make herself well-balanced charactor which will lead for her future goal . second , by taking many academic subject you will get to know with varaiety of freinds whose background and thought are different . for example , the college i had graduate offer many academic subject in freshman . after ten year ha past , the friend i got in that timing are still very good friend and influenced me . nevertheless , some critic may contend that specific subject will be more effective to edcucate the worker for specific job such a lawyer , enginner , physicia among others . however , recent graduate school recrute more well-balanced student from other area . my brother who had been working a a sale rep for computer finally could get in to graduate school for doctor . they requires the applicant who have taken many academic subject from under graduate school and can talk and listen with his patient very carefully . in view of this to take many academic subject overweigh the experience to take specialize one . in conclusion . manay academic subject will make the person to have more potential to reach and decide he/her goal a well a providing well balanced personality that recently requires a a matured adult in whatever job in society .