some people think say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide with a strick schedule . while this might be true in some circumstance , it is better to travel with a few close friend without a strict schedule . traveling with a few close friend without a specific schedule or route allows people to truely experince a place with a constant sense of excitement and exploration . when traveling with a large group with a tour guide . the tour guide usually lay out a planned route and informs poeple where the next stop is . this take the fun of exploration out of traveling . traveling is about seeing new thing and explore a place without a person spoon-feeding you of the information about the place . different people want to visit different place , because of repective taste . artists might typically visit a museum of natural science , while an archeologist might not be interested in visiting a modern art exhibition . however , in a large group with a tour guide , there is no freedom to explore a place and skip tourist site by one 's own will . everyone will see what everyone else see . there is no skipping or revisiting of any particular site . such trip will rarely satisfy any member of the traveling group completely . however , traveling with a tour guide might prove to be convenient sometimes . in a foreign country , where the people speak a different language from yours , having a tour guide can save you valuable time and energy asking for direction or price of item . the tour guide will help you bypass the frustration of language barrier , since he/she know the language . conversely , hiring a tour guide cost much money . without a tour guide , you can travel with more money to spend on hotel and food during the trip . traveling in a large group and tour guide can help you safe time and much frustration in a foreign country , which doe not use your native language . however , having a tour guide is expensive , and traveling in a large group ruin the fun of exploring a new place with complete freedom . if the traveler in a trip are rushed like cattle , grazing past many site superficially without satisfying anyone 's need in the group , then the trip is not a fulfilling one . therefore , such trip should be avoided ( or experienced by just reading internet article ) .