the emprovement of the educational system is a current issue in every contries . we try to kow if it is better for the student to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . what would be the best solution in a world where employment safety is realy rare . in one side some study require to be realy specialized in one specific subject , because some job are only made for specialized worker . that is the case of medical suties for example . when we have an heart disease we want to have the best specialist , somone who realy know everything about the subject and tha will better be able to cure you . if you study one specific subject you will have more time to learn everything about the subject . nothing will disturb you from your study . you can concentrate on one thing and it is easier . you will be better on your future job if your knowledge is realy good on the subject you are working on . on the other side studiing only one specific subject can just fit to people who want to be specialist and who realy know what he want to be later . there are a lot of student who are still uncertain of what they want to become . that is why , sometimes it can be better to have a broad knowledge of academic subject . you can discover different subject and see what realy fit you and what would be the better job you would like to do . some study are really general , for examle business . they teach you a lot of thing in business school : marketting , management , language . .. and sometimes even history of religion . it is realy good on a personal point of view to have broad knowledge . for example when you learn economis you will be able to understand the news , the political problem and the everyday life better . you can make you a personal point of view of everything tha surround you . furthermore in the present economic situation , with all the unemployment problem , it is better to have studied different subject . on the job market now quite every one ha to be multifonctional , to be able to do everything . a lot of people now change job minimum once in theuir life . the more they know subject , the easier it will be to find a job . you will have more choice . to conclude , specialization is necessary in certain job were you are required to have strong knowledge on your subject . but it is more and more usefull to have broad knowledge .