advertisments are a major part in the process of selling a product . when you ask people about what they think of telling the truth in any situation , usually , their reserve is about business and selling in particular . they will tell you that what we call a white lie can be an advantageous procedure in order to convince more easily to buy and that if the seller wa honest , they may not want the product . in this essay , we will discus this point in order to demonstrate the agreement to the statement . first , we can envisage the fact of someone who bought a product , trusting a really encouraging advertisment . after trying it , the deception is huge . she realizes that what the advertisment wa saying is totally untrue . it happens all the time . the thing is that now , all these entreprises propose the solution of taking the product back to the shop . in this case , they lose money , so this is a big risk to envisage for the people who want to sell the product in a large number and gain money . perhaps they lose more money lying about the product because of the large number of people who could show deception . however , most of the time , this situation of an advertisment making product looking much better than they really are help the business and push people to try and be excited about something . first , it help selling the product because it doe not envisage the disavantages of this one . people just see the good point and do not envisage living without this fantastic element . it also help the research because people , bying this product , will test it and eventually , when they are happy or not , call and make comment about it . it is always good to know that in order to move on and to do progress . it is always good to hear the user . in conclusion , this is true that advertisment almost always act this way and lie about there product . it is a part of their job to convince and that is something that can not happen if the advertisment envisage all the problem that the product can show . in the business world , they need this `` making much better '' to success .