alone , the best way to travel it i disagree with the statament that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . i consider that it is better to travel alone . i believe that when people travel in group , they have to be accountable to the group . this can be very stressful and could affect the way they enjoy their vacation or trip . for instanse , if anything happen to any person of the group , the other people have to wait or spend time assisting this person . in the contrary , i believe that when we travel alone we are able to develop our own schedule and to enjoy more freely without any interferance from any other person . this will have a possitive impact in our vacation or trip that it wa ultimately taken in order to relax and enjoy a much a possible . also , we will spend the time in the best manner without wasting time . moreover , when we travel in a group with a tour guide , we are not able to decide our trip 's plan , but we have to relay on the guide for any step to take during the trip . in the oppositive , if we travel alone we know that we can make any decision regarding our trip 's plan or to decide the lenght of our stay or visit depending on our own circunstances , which defenitevely is more suitable and appropriate for me . the goal is to enjoy the trip . also , travelling alone seems to be le expensive that travelling with a tour guide . the fact that we have to hire a guide will increase the cost of the trip . furthermore , i believe that if travel alone , we will have more time to see the thing that really interest u . for instance , in my own expenriece , when i visit a museum i like to spend enough time looking at the picture rather than the other thing . if i have to follow a tour guide during a trip , it could happen that he or she will show the group the thing that he or she considers important for her/his own , but it could be le important for me . this could be dissapointed in the case that you can not move forward to really enjoy or see what you really want to do . moreover , if you want to take any break during the trip , you will allow to do so if you are alone without asking anybody for permission . we know if we travel with a tour guide in a group , you have to fully cooperate with everybody , and if you take a break will affect the group and their schedule . in conclusion the best way to travel is alone , without a group or guide to follow a per all the above mentioned reason . of that