sucess people are those person who suceed in his/her field with good result . if somone is success because of his/her hard labour in that field or it may be due to something new work in that field which make a sucess person . i agree with successful people should try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know . i appreaciate those person who are going to do new thing which make him/her a a well known person in all over world . lets take example if you will do something new , like a new software in computer which will use for some data analysis , a we know that in all over the world most of the people are using computer with different software for data analysis , if your new software will be good then everyone will be use your software only which will make you a a well known in all over world . i donot like the tradtional work because it doesnot make any sense to anyone , let take example someone is working on research related to utilization of carbohydrate in fish , that scientist is working only on dos of carbohydrate in fish feed but fish have a limited ability to utilize carbohydarte . scientist incorporated only different dos of carbohydrate in feed which doesnot make much more attarctive because this work is alreday going on from last 30 year . if scientist will do something different like if he/she can modify the form of carbohydarte like gelatinized and nongelatinized carbohydrate then incorporated in fish feed then fish may be utilize more than previous then if fish utilize more then chance of growth will be more then it may be appreciated by everyone . i am also agree on the above statement because some of new company are comming up day by day because of good managing . they are managing in different way with innovative idea so they can lure the customer . nowdays many of advertisement are so unique that can lure the person very easily with new idea . most of adverstise are unique in different way . lets take example washing powder ( nirma ) wa advertising it product very traditional manner so it market were go down but nowdays they are adversting in new way so it market again regain . at last i would like to conclude that i agree with the above mentioned statement . i think sucessful people should try to do new thing and take risk rather than traditional or already known .