after the world war ii , the development of the influstructure especially the development of the car have increased rapidly . however the perspective of people who are using car change gradually in recent year . in my opinion , the use of car in twenty year will be decrease a the development of the influstructure and technology . first of all , there are a lot of people who are concerning about the impact of using car to the environment . in some country such a in netherland and china , they work on the policy of using bicycle to avoid producing carbon-dioxide gas , which possibly damage the natural environment . however , there are some country that say co2 gas is not neseccarry for damaging the environment , therefore it is not always a majority idea of decreasing the number of using car . second of all , there are more public transportation such a bus , train and air transportation are developping by new technology . for example , there are many railway in japan to transform people one place to the other faster and more convenient . also in taiwan and china , they built the bullet train or maglev train which transport group of people at once , and also think about the impact on nature . also in the le economically developped country such a the country in african region , it would be harder to get car for individual residence due to the civil war and poorvaty , it is important to produce the cheap public transportation for them . therefore , i think the increasing number of car user will not be occured in the ledcs . third of all , since many country of more developped country such a in singapore , japan and switherland , the decreasing in number of child becomes a sesrious problem . in these country , the government are likely to set the law to get more than four people to ride the car , therefore the number of the car might decrease gradually . since the time passed , people 's perspective of using car changing . i think this fact would make the number of car fewer than now .