young people in these day have enough energy to do anything they want to , anytime they want it . first of all because they are healthy and strong so they have no physical limitation . furthermore due to the fact that they have not yet experienced a lot in this world make them hungry to taste every area of life . moreover their only role in society is to study and prepare for their future that is the reason why they have no economical , social or family worry yet . in addition , it is imposed to them that they are `` at the top of their life '' so it is their chance to do everything they want . these are the reason why it is commonly believed that young people enjoy life more than older people do . however i do not really think young people of these modern day actually enjoy life , the majority is not mature enough so they run through life experiencing thing that they should not experience at young age and tasting everything a if the world would be destroyed in a few hour . the fact that older people do not have the energy or health required to party all the time , eat anything they want , run car , or whatever young people do nowadays , doe not mean their life is over and they do not enjoy life anymore . in fact , i think they have a greater opportunity to enjoy it . my grandma and my mother are excellent example of this . even though they are not able to do a lot of thing anymore due to their age , both are happy woman enjoying every minute of parenthood and frienships . `` there come a time when you realize relationship are the most important thing in your life , more important than object such a car , beautiful house , jewlery , and so on '' , say my grandmother to me all the time . furthermore they are so thankful for the wisdom they have acquired through all these year of experience , that for this reason they enjoy their life even more every day , a if it where their last one . to sum up , i do not think enjoying life ha anything to do with your age , but it ha everything to do with your heart .