i disagree the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . being different age stage , older people have different spirit world with the young people . firstly , old people have more abundant experience in their life than that of young people . young people will have a lot of risk to attempt to do everything that they have not meet with , and they will suffer the failure that the world give to them . when they feel fail they will rely on the older people to help or to share the experience that the young people have not . and the older people enjoy the quiet and idely life in the world . they can do everything calmly and happly , they will happy to teach the young people the proper way that live in the world . they have so many nice memory that happened in their past life , even meeting with failure , they will become more wiser and sophysicated . secondly , old people have little stress from the society . in the advancing technology society , with the advent of new technology and discovery , young people feel the great stress in the society , they must advance their knowledgy and technology level to fit with the fast pace of the society . they should work hard to make money and not be dropped out by the peer in the intense competition . however , the older people have no stress , also they will benefit from the advanced society . because they have accomplished the task and have more time to share the achivement they made in their young time . they can do fishing and travele by airport not just spend more time on train a past , they will communicate with their friend on internet , not must to write a letter that will arrive at their friend after a few day . they will have the happiness to teach their granddaughter . of course , the young people ha so many enjoyment in this world . their curiousity make them to discover new thing . it is so wonderful to taste the different food in differend country and feel the different culture in other country far away from the country they live in . they have the energy to climb the mountain that abundant their adventure experience in their life . they have so many chance to see the change of the world . in summary , older people will enjoy the wonderful world in their way , and young people will also find so many interesting thing continuesely in the world .