the human kind always need to advertisement to reach good life standarts therefore advertisiment is a very important aspect of human life . eveyone ha different point of view about the idea of advertmisien . some assume that most advertisiment make product seem much better than they really are in conrary to these some assume that the advertisiment is showed only the truth . i am personelly agree the fir idea . these are my following reason . to begin with the product aim is to spread his good so sometimes they said some wrong thing . all of the producter want to a high percantege of human buy their product . hence they make a great advertisiment movie and tell ev everybody to tell their product are great and it cant include aby fatol thing . howevar when we see the real this is not real . for example a jean product advertisents said their jean is so strong and if we buy their jean we use it several year neverthless i cant use it although it is only one month after in addition to this this they use attractive thing hence it is easily to buy their product . when we look at the choclate or icecream advertisiment we always see the thin giorls and boy . they are obviosly known to which colorie the product include and if they continie to eat them they become disgusting and fat human . howevar the individual which is watch the movie , they believe it is normal to eat them , i am always see the thin people eat this full coloried choclates and they never become fat . i want to give an example whichs based on my observation . i wa in the local market and itv ha a small tv . one customer who watch the fun and great advertasiment , decide to buy icecream although she is aproximettly 85 kilo : )) the last but not least they use the fashion face thereby they easioly emphase u to look everyone use our product . a high percantede of producters use the fashion face to their advertasiment . if we ask themselves to why they use always the fashion face , the answer is so simple . the human trust them hence they dont care if it useless or a good product . the human care only david beckham or nicole kidman . so theyb buy the same product whichs generally the fashion face never and never us . my little nephew who is admire the david beckham always buy the product . at the end i would like to coclude by saying there a big mistake yo believe and buy the product whichs have only good advertsement . we can notb believe the advertisimen becouse sometimes they said lie and they use attractive thing hence we easily buy their product a well a they use fashion face and emphase u . the long and and the short of it that