the issue at hand is , whether student today give enough time to helping their community . i believe that given the amount of other , mandatory activity that student are involved in , they are doing the best we can to give back more than our fair due to the society , by partaking in several unpaid volunteer task and taking small , yet meaningful measure to ease the day to day life of the community 's member . firstly , in term of education , schooling is a form of giving back to the society , for it provides the knowledge we need in order to pursue effectively any community service we may wish . for example , if i wish to help renovate the community church 's wall , i will need a proper eduactional basis with regard to acquiring the required fund , hiring the right people , training the laborer , etc . despite the tremendous workload involved in today 's school , student are still taught the importance of societal welfare . after school program help student take initiative to improving their neigborhood . moreover , student today volunteer for several unpaid task . i personally partake regularly in distributing the community newspaper , for more than the recognition i receive from others , i find pleasure in helping bring them the news they need to be aware of the community event today . also , many student work many hour in local hospital , daycare center , etc. to give something back to their community . although the initiative to do so may be to add plus-points to their resume , at the end , every student feel satisfied and happy to have given back something to their community and asks his/her friend to volunteer a well . lastly , community service doe not have to necessarily refer to drastic measure to renovate the society . merely asking a friend or a total stranger to quit smoking , helping elderly citizen cross a street , helping a lost child find his way back home at night are day to day generous action that go unrecognized , and often do not count a ` giving time ' to help the community . in conclusion , helping the community that helped raise them is an aspect that young people recognize to be essential value . they give back to their community in every way they can , whether it be volunteering at a hospital , helping renovate the church , or simply , helping an elderly woman cross the street .