cars are the main contemporary transport device that are widely used by people today . however , although there are a vast number of car in our world , i think that they will start to decrease in a few decade . i believe that in twenty year , by the decrease in the amount of petroleum , and by technological improvement that will enable u to travel longer distance in cheaper cost , the number of car will decrease dramatically . petroleum is the main natural resource that is used a the fuel for car . however , because of the huge consumption of this natural resource , it wa greatly reduced . after twenty year , the petroleum that is left will not fulfill the need of overpopulated people in city . because of that , petroleum price will be much higher , and the people will have to think twice before purchasing a car . for example , because the gas price are more than people can afford in turkey , people prefer travelling short distance by foot , and large distance by bus , which are considerably cheaper than using owned car . because of that , the number of car decreased considerably . therefore , because petroleum is a natural resource that is decreasing constantly , in twenty year , people will use other way to travel , instead of car . moreover , thanks to the technological improvement , new transportation device , which are more convinient , are used . years after year , device that enable quicker mass transportation have been made . for example , the usage of the underground travel system , namely metro , ha increased in all around england . because of the traffic caused by the high population of car , metro superceded car in england . in twenty year , this new method of travelling will be widespread in the entire world , and , a a result , there will be fewer car used for travelling . consequently , i believe that , in twenty year , by the increasing technological advance in transportation , car will not be used anymore , a they are used today . because of unique invention and the depletion of the natural resource of petroleum , healthier and more convinient device will be invented for the benefit of human being .