the issue at hand is that learning through understanding idea and learning through fact , which one is more important for student ? this issue is very important , becasue learning knowledge and studying trough different method are very important for the student future career . i believe learning fact is more important , for some reason . learning fact is preferable because fact offer a lot of experience that are very rare , and also easily understandable . those experience are from outside of the classroom , they come from the real world , using these experience fact , student can learn knowledge faster , they will save time to study other knowledge . this is very important for the student ' future career , the reason is that most of the employer are glad to hire employee who can work immedietely , since this kind of employee can bring the profit to company a soon a they are hired . for example , operating a machine should n't be very hard for the student , because they have already understood those idea and concept , but when these student begin to work in the real factory for the first time , they are still confused about those operation , because they do n't have the experience of operating those machine . based on this reason , learning factor is superior to understanding idea and concept , because learning concept can only offer student general knowledge , concept can not give student more skill about the real work . additionally , i believe learning fact is a right option because fact are usually more interesting and active , so , they can be remembered easily by the student . trying to think about this : concept that only present on the paper with black character and video show the real production process in a factory , which one is more attractive ? which one would you like to choose ? i believe the answer is very obvious . so , i like learning fact over just understanding idea and concept due to the fanny that i can find in the learning the fact . to sum up , i believe learning fact is the correct choice , i would choose this because i believe student can remember more knowledge when they learning fact , and also , fact include a lot of real experience which is rare and very important for the student to start the future work .