actually , for some point i agree with the statement , and for some point i do n't . because , in my opinion , ` idea and concept ' and ` fact ' are two interrelated issue that can not be seperated . i will explain this statement with some example . for instance , we can think about history . in history , there are many fact which had also result that affected the world in a positive or negative way . from a closer past , the war in iraq will be a good example for a fact . of course , there are idea and concept behind this war , however , ` the actual war ' which is occuring ha more significance . if we are aware of this fact , if we know it , we can do something to stop it . ideas and concept that will be thought a solution , come after this realization of the situation . another example for history will be the agreement , negotiation between different country . these are fact to be known because they them are made at a specific time and some of them come to the present day . as another example , from a different field , we can consider art and architecture . both of these area create artifact , art product . but beyond that , they produce ` concept ' , ` idea ' and use the intellectual background of an individual ( trying to mean the artist , or the architect ) . so , what affect an individual ? the medium that he/she come from , the different thought of philosopher , thinker he / she pursued . for instance , we can think about leonardo da vinci or michel foucault , or frank llyod wright , or zaha hadid , and so on . .. still , professional are discussing their ` fact ' , which i understand a their art object , book , or artifact . the purpose of these discussion is to figure out the main idea , the concept of the people . having any idea about these people lead them , encourages them to find out their own conceptual capacity . in the light of these two example from different field , i want to emphasize that understanding idea and concept and learning fact have both equal importance for the student . they are not free from each other , rather , they both depend on and affect each other . a new idea come from knowing the fact - and others ' opinion a well , and fact are result of specific idea and concept .