most advertisement really do show the product much better than they are . they can do it in different way ; showing a product colorful , shiny , bigger can be way . they can show statistical graphic in a way that lead to misinterpretation of that information . in addition , they can put familiar face , a trustable person into the scene and want people to believe in them . a product size may not be the size you see on television . it may have the extremely different than you imagine . for this , they use special camnera technique and perspective to show it different . it is not only applicable to those commercial on television but also many place . look at the menu of a restaurant for example ; order any of food . you will most probably find the same trick on your table . seconly , leading a misinterpretation of an information also frequently used . for instance , a shampoo advertisement showed a statistic about the time required for hair become shiny . it showed a time versus `` shine percentage '' graph which ha a overestimated range of shiny part . it wa showing a dramatic change in a few wash . however , real percentage were only changing 1 % ! when an individual see that graph he will probably be impressed by this `` dramatic '' change in hair and he will buy it . famous people are effective on people 's opinion . a showman , who is loved by most teenager also have mature behavours that attract adult . he can talk to a wide range of society . he can be in a detergent advertisement and can convince people in decision making moment . when one come back to his \ her house , he \ she can be dissappointed about the `` actual '' cleaning power of the detergent that he believed in very much . in conclusion , not all advertisement are ` bad ' . however , we have to know that they are not mirror that show the truth exactly and naked . they have fine strategy to cover up ugly part of a product and present u a perfect item to be bought . one thing that we can do about is to raise our knowledge about that product and use it a a resistance against an advertisement 's charming and distracting power .