can we state that success is directly connected to innovation , that the more you are taking risk , the better your chance of success will be ? this may seem a pretty obvious statement at first . i am going to invent a new product and i will become rich ! but this statement may be more complicated than it appears . let start with the `` obvious '' part . of course , by introducing a new product on a market , i increase my chance to attract customer and develop a successful business . our world is constantly evolving and new product , new technology for example , are very much on demand . i can also , by trying differents idea or method , improve the way i am doing my business and become more efficient . new idea can improve the quality of my product , their cost efficiency , their image . companies all around the world know that very well and urge their employee to think `` outside the box '' . universities will also motivate their student to become more creative and find new way of thinking . it seems that everyone agrees that creativity and innovation are very important to become successful . but i ca n't help remembering that van gogh never sold one painting during his entire life . he wa one of the most creative and innovative painter of his time . he dedicated his life to his art and painted the way he wanted even if he wa heavily criticized . why wa n't he successful ? i ca n't also help noticing that every time i go to the cinema to see one of the `` big success of the year '' , i am disappointed . it seems that to be successful , a film ha to follow a set of standard rule : a charismatic hero , a sexy counterpart , lot of action and simplistic dialog . obviously , creativity doe n't pay in the movie business and you have to stick to what you do well , hence rocky v and all the sequel of successful film that are shot every year . i certainly do think that creativity is a major asset and i encourage everybody around me to take risk in their life but i am not convinced that it lead to success . at least , not to success a we understand it , that is commercial success . but , it certainly lead to personal improvement , to a sense of satisfaction and achievement that the repetition of an activity can , at one point , no longer bring .