i disagree with the argument that there will be fewer car in use twenty year down the line than there are today . i can attribute a number of reason to support my agreement of argument . the most important reason i consider is the recent technological advance to use non-conventional enery source instead of conventional fuel like gasoline and diesel . although i agree that there is decrease in quantity of oil pool one can find out whcih are used to produce petroleum which in turn is used to extract gasoline and diesel , the main fuel that run car today . further , scarcity of petroleum ha lead to an exponential increase in the growth of petroleum product price which directly affet the consumption of the product . we can see in the current time , petrol price are rising at brisk rate and the trend will follow in the future also because of the limited availablity of petroleum resource . however , there are step taken by company , independent researcher to look for the non-conventional resource of enery like hydrogen , electricity a future fuel of car but the experiment have not been successful commercially . i am sure that twenty year time is considerarably good amount of time that the non-conventional source of energy will completely replace the exisiting conventional fuel . i assume that non-conventional fuel will replace the existing fuel technology in the future because they are easy to use , pollution-free . automobile manufacturing company like gm , toyota etc. are looking forward to welcome these new non-conventional fuel and their research and development group are persistently working on prototype which are small box that can easily be replaced in existing car . existence of this box will imply that we can just have this new box fitted and use different fuel and there is no need to change the car . that 's why i think number of car twenty year down the line will not be fewer because of the existence of non-conventional resource of enery and the adaptation that the vehicle manufacturing company are doing to their product .