well , everybody agrees with the fact that the more knowledge we have , the better it is ! but , is it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject ? my response will be synthetize in two part , because both proposition must be developped . first , while reading the sentence , i would probably say that it is better to have knowledge in many subject . besides , it permit u to know better how stuff worked , how the world is moving , and also how relationship between human are functioning . as far a i am concerned , i like to debat with my friend . i think that the knowledge is here necessary for two reason : the first one is that to debat on a subject , it is better to know a bit about it ! if you have a knowledge only in one domain and if the debat doe not concern yours , you will probably get fastly lost on this debat . on the other hand , having a knowledge in many domain permit one thing which is primordious to have a good and constructive reflexion . i mean that to construct a good response , you will certainly have to pick up information in several domain , then confront them so you could arrive to a conclusion . if you only have one subject to talk about , your reflexion will be poor . but , can we really say that it is bad to have only knowledge in one subject ? well , people who are specialized in only one subject generally know it perfectly . i admire this people , by the simple reason that they can explain you so much thing on this subject , and it is often very interesting to listen to them . even more , it is an advantage to find a job . many society often search people who have only one specific domain , so that they can be sure this man is the perfect one for the job . as a conclusion , i will say two thing . the first one is that i think a person who is specialized in only one domain would always be able to learn rapidely another element of another domain . but a person who know lot of domain will certainly have many more difficulty to specilialized into one of it . finally , it is very interesting to talk with both of these person to learn the most thing a possible . but i do n't think we make the choice ourselves : it happens naturally .