people find that the traffic already become a terrible problem in those morden city , those people who live in the city and the country spent a lot of time on the way between office and home . more and more car bring the worse and worse traffic , so people try to find out the other way , like mrt or public bus , to solve the traffic problem . a group of people believe that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today , because the mrt and public bus system will become more comfortable , and people will want to take mrt or bus but not driving by themselves . we can see every morden city , like new york , tokyo and taipei , spent a lot of money to build mrt system to reduce the amount of driving people . beside this reason , this group of people also believe that the higher price of gas will stop people to buy new car but decide to take the public bus or mrt system . there are still the other group of people think in twenty year there will be more car in use than there are today . because people is getting richer and richer , and the price of a car is cheap enough to make almost every family want to have one . they believe that the car is not only a tool for traffic , but also a important sign in their life . when you driving , you can have fun during the process and arrive any place at anytime . you do n't have to wait the bus or walk to the mrt station , it mean you will have more time to get together with your family . in the other hand , the car coporation is develop the better car that can use fewer gas or the other resource of energy , so people believe the higher and higher price of gas will not be the problem in the future . i believe in twenty year there will be more car in use than there are today . the reason are not only driving is so interesting that people will enjoy it forever , but also people will find out the other energy to replace gas we use today . i believe the car is not only a tool of traffic , but also a box full of great memory with friend and family that is unvalueable .