when it come to travel , travel itself is not to pas by some place or road , but to pas the memory of past and to broaden each person 's sight , which is different from one another . thus i disagree with traveling in a group led by a tour guide . travel with a certain tour guide could make people informed about the fact of touring place . but it never make people appreciate their real value a much a touring by oneself or with a group of two or three . i have once made a trip to seattle , canada . there were about 100 people in my company and several tour guide . in addition to the gloomy and murky weather there , what it made me frustrating , there were some restriction that we , 100 people , should n't do such a going outside hotel and shopping . i knew how much trouble it would cause if one person were missing . out of all exciting and curious feeling , it did n't make sense to me that we care and count the number of people missing if any . so after coming back from the trip , i had not much memory with seattle . all memory about tour guide incessantly infinite information without moving around freely came up on my head everyday for quite few day . in contrast to the trip to canada , only with my sole body and my friend , i have gone to california from texas where i wa living then . on the way to go to my destination , los angeles , we dropped by las vegas . everywhere i could meander wa enough to inspire my sense of appreciation . although i did n't come to learn any information about travel place in detail , i wa content with even small matter that i learned by looking , walking , and asking if i had any question . after that trip to california , i could not help but thinking about the fun memory and wholesome information i myself had asked ( so never forget ) . moreover i wa so thankful for the time and nature , for very little thing . i felt i enjoyed so much that i wanted to go again . there is distinct different thing between traveling in group with tour guide and traveling in person without tour guide . if i had made a trip twice with exact same course consecutively with a group and tour guide , it would have been boring and pointless . the realing meaning of travel in my opinion is when i have refreshness every time differently even at the same route . and the real tour guide is in oneself who is capable of seeking for the joy of the travel .