i am in complete agreement with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . although there are , of course , exception to this situation a with all other aspect of life , it appears quite clear to me that in general , youngster these day simply do not have the time nor the interest to engage in community work . youngsters these day may not be required to plough the field and run the family business a in olden day , but that doe not necessarily translate into a sudden increase of free time . as technology advance , youngster suddenly find themselves in an increasingly competitive world , where every skill , every achievement is of the utmost importance . suddenly going to school is not enough ; student are pressured into scoring better than their peer , and this is achieved through sending youngster to cram school . learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now . all these `` extra '' skill have become commonplace - even necessary to ensure that one will not `` lose out '' in the long run . this is where all the `` free time '' ha gone to - trying to survive . there are no more weekend ; only endless `` optional '' class to go to . is it a wonder that young people nowadays do not appear to have enough time to help their community ? another reason is pure apathy . young people are generally more self-centered than adult . this is probably because we are all , in general , pampered from the time we were born until well into our adolescence . hence , youngster , yet to face the harsh reality of life , are inevitably more narcissistic and fail to see how the welfare of `` other people '' is of any concern to them . to them `` the community '' is something adult should manage and worry about . these youngster may read about the ongoing problem of their community in the paper everyday and still regard it all a happening in an unrelated place far , far away . parents are partly to blame in this matter . by pressuring their child to be an overachiever in school , they have failed to instil the right amount of compassion and empathy in them . instead , child are brought up looking at life in term of reward . get good grade at school and mommy or daddy will give them a shiny new bike . so when it come to helping their community , it all invariably boil down to the question : `` what do i get out of helping my community ? '' . schools and other educational institutionals are equally to blame for moulding child into apathetic youngster . in certain le developed country , such a malaysia , child are required to learn `` moral study '' in class . however , it seems highly puzzling that student do not go out on trip to clean up the street or hold charity sale for a good cause . instead , they are required to memorize specific word or phrase in order to get good grade during their final . moreover , the example used in the textbook do not keep up with the time . most of these example still speak of villager and broken wooden house , and thus fail to reflect the situation in urban modern life . is it any wonder that student feel alienated from these `` community work '' and end up not doing enough of it ?