i personally agree with the fact that understanding a concept or an idea is more useful than to learn about those fact or idea . to support my statement i will mention the following : - the learning process doe not implies that the person ha understood and may be capable to reproduce the fact in question . - the definition of the learning process could be very much complex and it level could be difficult to ass . - the understanding of a concept or an idea implies that the student is capable to explain `` what it is all about that specific concept '' - the understanding of a concept or idea give also to the student the freedom to manipulate the information received and associate it with some of his other learned and understood concept . while the learning process could also includs repeating or copying of a concept without always being able to adapt it or use in a diferent context , understanding appears to be more important . it is important to mention here the fact that the better studends will understand diferent concept in school the better will be their adaptation in the working environment . the importance of understanding idea rather that only learning them is , that whatever is understood psychologically remains longer inside our brain than any other thing what we have learned without being capable to acquire the concept or main idea . another reason , i may mention here is the fact that it is obviously le stressful for a student who did understood a concept to prepare and pas his exam , than to ask one student to learn some fact that he is unable to understand and reproduce those fact during an examination , or even to reminber them after some time . in conclusion i personally believe that it weill be more usefull to our society to make sure that our student get whatever information they need in a such manner they can understand it , and make it theirs . in this way we can be assure that the next generation have what it take to go further than the generation it is replacing .