`` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' . well i certainly think that is the best and most exciting way to travel ! there are various reason why it is the best way . when you travel in a group you are among other people who are from different country and place and this might be a new experience for them a it might be for you . as you visit different place you may want to exchange your view and idea with the fellow member in the group which itself make the whole experience exciting . for example , let say your visiting a historical place or monument , the guide explains the history and the story behind the place and the way it originated . suddenly , one member of a group might throw up new and more information about the place which he read it somewhere or heard it , or saw it on the tv and this will help the other group member get a better insight and make the experience of visiting the new place more enriching and lively . now , this doe not mean that the tour guide is not doing a good job , ( on the lighter side ) but , let admit , he is no god to know every bit of everything that he is showing , and there maybe time he may miss out trivial detail not deliberatly but unknowingly or due to the time provided at his disposal . also , when your among a bunch of people visiting a new place it more fun , you get the chance to meet new people from different background and make friend during the journey and share more experience of other place . you can share joke and there might be people who may share humorous experience they had which make the tour a whole lot of fun and enjoyment . you may even end up learning about a new place which may end up being your next trip for a vacation ! hence , i think travelling with a group accompanied by a tourist guide give one the advantage of exchanging more knowledge and information and meeting new people which can make the overall experience fun and exciting because you end up not only visiting new and different place but also meeting new and different people !