it ha always been in debate whether having a broad knowledge of many academic subject is better than being specialize in one specific subject . there have been many good reason for both side and in conclusion it is a only a matter of opinion . in my opinion , i believe that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many thing than be specialized in one subject firstly , if one ha a broad knowledge of many thing because one is more aware of his surroundings . know a little about a lot make you more cultured since you can discus and converse on different topic even if you are not specialized in one . you also are not puzzled by simple question that many specialized people would n't be able to answer outside their subject of knowledge . if you are with a person that only know about one subject , his field of conversation is much smaller than one that ha some knowledge about many topic . secondly , being specialized in one subject never mean that you know everything there is to know about the topic because there will always be question . socrates said , `` i know that i know nothing '' . einstein also said that the more one know , the more he understands the little knowledge he ha . these two great people in history are commenting on what is problemetic of specialized knowledge . once you dig deeper in a subject more problem will always apear . once you know one more fact in the sobject , two more question will arise . finally , to have success in the future , at work or in life , one will eventually use more that the knowledge of one subject . one will impliment the vast knowledge he ha to solve the obstacle ahead of him . maybe you are a great mathematician but know nothing of psychology , you will have a hard time going through life with just being an expert in that subject . math will not help you when you are trying to raise a family or looking after child . there must be a balance of esencial knowledge that people must have in my opinion , to be succesful in life and be able to handle the obstacle in it one must have an all-around knowledge of many esencial instrument that will be used later on . you will sacrifice deep knowledge about subject but gain much more in life . life doe n't come in subject , in come in a whole . being prepared for the whole is the key .