travelling can be perceived a a very niche art and different people indulge it in very different flavour and have a lot of personal touch to it . always travelling in the group with a tour guide is definitely not the best way to visit every place . the destination and the member of the group would be a critical factor in deciding how you would like to plan for it . group travel with a guide is the best way to go around a city where you expect to mingle with people and there is little unknown factor in your travel and if the place you are visiting requires some historical and technical input which a guide can provide well . visiting a art gallery , amusement park , mayan ruin ets are some placed where a guide can enhance you experience . group travel to destination which you are not well acquainted with and you have serious social and cultural diferences ha advantage a a guide can help you avoid getting into embarrassing or possibly dangerous situation . a non native person visiting europe would prefer guided bus tour a he is totally new to this place but you would also find a more adventruous person in a similar situation would not be satisified by just going to the popular destination and would like to mix with local people and explore the hidden secret that the city ha to offer . this kind of experience can not be had in group travel a it unlikely for local to mix with a large group of foreigner . one of the main issue in group travel is conflict of personal preference . even though it alleviates some logistic issue during your travel it can also limit your experience and force you to spend time on thing and place that are not a interesting to you and proportionatley lesser time on thing you personally like to explore more . unless you are a group of people who have very similar interest and personality , there are going to be difference of opinion on place to visit . there are certain spiritual experience like travel to tibet or safari through the desert of rajasthan or hiking through a quiet , isolated valley in a national park which can only be experienced by a person travelling alone with a guide or in company of just one or two fellow traveller . a large group would essentially destroy the experience of the trip . even though group travel ha a lot of advantage due to the company of people who can assist you in unfamiliar place and the luxury of a guide who can tell you exactly where to go and what to see , it is not always the best way to travel to all destination . depending on the place you visit and the nature of your visit , going alone or in company of a person or two can greatly enhance you travelling experience .