the issue at hand is whether or not young people give enough time to helping their community . this is an important topic because it relates to the community development . in my opinion young people help their community in many way which certainly consumes their time . a main reason for view is that young people often come out to help their community in the time of disaster . for example if an earthquake hit a particular area then youn one come out in that area to collect the money from all over the world . they advertise it in the paper , on internet , in tv and everywhere other possible place . not only that the earning young people give their salary to help their community . to organise and collect money for such noble cause , it certainly demand time . thus the young people are giving their valuable time to help their community . another reason for my point of view is that young people devote lot of time in reasearches and for carrying out innovation . for example if the old person doesnot hear properly then young one right from the day of their cihildhood think of inventing something that can help the older people hear more properly . many of them carry out such invention also . it 's also a sort of devoting time towards the community helping . in this way also , they devote time towards helping their community . lastly , young people manytimes carry out demonstration in case some epedemics spread in an area . they , in the evening or some other suitable time , go and tell their people of the community what precaution should be taken to avoid the spread of such epedimics . many young people just volunteer to the government aided service in such case on their own . such kind of act from the young one show that they care their community and they devote their precious time for helping their community . in sum young people care their community a lot . they help their community in one way or other . all such activity certainly demand time . on the whole young people apart form carrying out their duty devote their precious time towards helping their community .