it would be logical to think that a population increase , the number of vehicle on the road would also increase a there exists a correlation between the two of these variable . for example , the number of car on the road ha definitely increased since the last twenty year . why ha this been ? firstly , it because the number of people who can use the car ha increased . secondly , the technological advancement have brought about a reduction in price of the average car a such . so , if we go by the above reasoning , it should also hold good if we assumed that a similar trend will be observed in the coming twenty year . however , a question to evaluate the above assumption would be : is this growth scalable and sustainable ? it is a known fact that pollution level in the atmosphere are increasing and a major component of the pollutant come from the car ' exhaust pipe . there ha to be an obvious drive to cut down on pollution and one way that could be adopted in the future will be to reduce the number of car on the road . the second obstacle to increasing the number of car in the future will be the space crunch . if the number of car on road keep increasing at the rate which it is now , the road and the parking lot would not be sufficient to accommodate the car . in fact , an occurence in japan is a testament to the above statement . there are zone in tokyo , the capital of japan , where privately owned vehicle are not allowed to ply because of the space crunch and only vehicle like bus , or car pool which can accommodate many people at once are permitted on road . in this case , the number of vehicle on the road ha in fact reduced in tokyo . hence , i would say that the number of car on the road will increase in the next few ( 5-10 ) year , with all the advancement in technology and the incraesing purchasing power of the consumer . however , i also believe that because we are bound to hit the ceiling with respect to space avilability for the car and the pollution caused , i do not think that the increment in the number of car can be sustained over a two-decade period . to conclude , i agree with the statement that in twenty year , the number of car in use will be fewer than there are today .