i think it is important for student to understand idea and concept than learn fact . there are several reason why i think that way . the first reason is that in our current classroom we mostly emphazised lecture and forced to memorize certain fact rather than to understand them . when we ask student if they learn something their response will be yes however , they can not apply their kowledge to a new situation . they can not transfer their lnowedge , when they faced with a different problem they can not use their knowedge , the reason is that they just memorized those isolated fact . they can only use in the same format they can not make connection . different situation are challanging for them and if the format have chnaged everthing seems different to them . eventhogh they have lot of information they can not use them . highly educated people become illiturate . the second reason why i think we should emphasize to understanding is that you can learn something but doe it mean that you understand it . for example you you can teach a kid how to tie but can you not teach them to understand something . the only think that you can do is that generate an environment where they can learn and understand something . in an environment like that they can experience the richnes of useing their knowledge and earn satisfaction with competing a task the last reason i want to mention is that the direction of education is emphazising understanding rather learning fact . of course we should also use fact but not a we use now . what we did right now is giving ton of information . we see student a computer or store place and store all the information in their brain . most of the student dislike physic algebra and core science class because they do not understand it . if we want scientifically literate citizen , who can judege the situation and can make plausible chose we need chnage our education system and have student understand idea and concept . otherwise we might have student with full of information who can not use them . i do not think that is waht we want from them .