`` understanding is better than learning '' i completely agreed with the given statement , which stated a `` it is more important to understand than it is for them to learn fact '' . understanding of concept are defined by getting the information that how it is intriduced , generated and developed . understanding based on the knowledge that how the student receiving the information . is it in creative nature or just knowing the nature ? creative nature is defined a the application knowledge of student in the perticular idea and concept . we will gain the permanent knowledge about the concept , if we understand the concept . this is the great use of understanding the concept . so , anybody in the world , they will prefer the understanding skill than learning . now i will show the result by learning fact . actually what happening by learning process ? in the learning process , we will concentrate about the concept which is stated in the given text book or extra material . we do not think about the application of that concept in learning . it is useful to get temperory knowledge . not to use for long time . the student , who are average in their knowledge , they will sure use the learning concept for fulfilling their acadamic requirement . if they concentrated on the understanding skill of the concept and idea , then they will get good knowledge and become brilliant in their academic . now take an example , which strengthen my opinion about understanding skill . when i studied my higher level school education , i faced a lot of difficulty to get good grade in mathematics class . when i learned the concept and idea of principle and theory , i can not show my application skill in exam . really i got great trouble in mathematics to get grade . at that time , my mathamatics teacher told me about how to understand the concept and idea , how to improve the application skill . importance of understanding of fact . by taking all these stuff , i improved my application skill by understanding the concept . by all the above information , strongly i concluded that understanding the concept and idea are very important than learning fact for any student .