in japan , where i live , more and more people tend to think it better to specialize in one specific subject . however , i personally agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject for the following reason . first , to have broad knowlege of many academic subject is helpful to make it possible to do whatever we are required to do after we graduate from universtity . for example , i got broad knowlege of many academic subject such a literature , law and economic while i wa in keio university from 1997 to 2000 . although i majored in german literature in the university , i need to have a knowlege of law shortly after the graduation in order to work for the company i am working for , because there wa a big transaction with german company . of course , my knowlege of german wa helpful , but what helped me most wa a basic knowledge of law , because i have to review the contract in german . to learn many area of study is help u more than we expect . this is why i believe that having broad knowlege of many subjcts work well . in addition , to have broad knowledge may help u when certain area becomes oldfashined . for example , when i wa in keio university , german literature wa popular . i actually considered to study more in graduate school to study more or to become a translator of germany , because the need for the translator wa quite large . however , the trend changed . the translator of germany is not so popular now than it wa when i went to keio university . in this respect , we can not imagine which area of study might be helpful a the time go . i really believe having broad knowlege of academic subject work . finally , to specialize in one specific subject may make u lose our job . for example , one of my friend who studied only political science lose his job , because the area he studied became oldfashioned . after that had a hard time to find another job , because he doe not know well about other subject than he sutudied in the university . he had to study another subject , such a law and book keeping outside his job . in conclusion , i agree with the statement that to have broad knowlege of many academic subject is better than to specialize in one specific subject .