first of all , we must consider that the two thing , learning of concept and learning of fact , are strictly connected . i think the ideal way for a student to obtain the best result from his study , is to learn fact and then analyze the idea and concept surrounding that fact . for example . it is very important to know the fact that there ha been the first world war , but it is necessary to understand which have been the idea and the reason which lead to start something highly dangerous and that would have caused thousand of victim . the real problem , i guess , is that is often confused the meaning of `` learning a fact '' . during school , for example , teacher require u to learn by hard date , name , city and so on , and this lead to forget the principal fact . moreover , while le important thing can be forgotten ( i will not remember the exact day of the end of the frist world war ... ) , the contrary is for the fact . ( i will always know that there ha been a grat war around 1915 . .. ) furthermore , idea and concept may be more difficult to understand , but once you do it , it 's almost impossible to forget them . besides , they can also change your thought , your way of live . they can make you spend your politic vote for one or another party . .. they can lead you to become a politician just to try to change something you learned . it ha been the idea of freedom which took gandhi or martin luther king in the political world . it ha been the concept of racism which lead me to hate adolf hitler , and not the fact of the second world war . there ha been the idea of ras tafari to give strenght to jamaican people reaching their freedom . in other word : some fact are important ; this is sure . but the learning system should not be based on them ! it should be based on motivation and reason which caused that event and on the idea that were born by the event . if the system wa organized in this way , i think we would have le `` mechaninc '' student and more conscious future citizen and politician .