i neither completely agree nor disagree with the statement that that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . it might be dependent on various factor . advancements in research work related to automoblie technology and development of an alternative synthetic fuel could have a bearing on this , apart from others . there is a wide spread concern over the environmental problem caused due to the automobile . that 's why it ha been said that nothing can make the world come to a common platform than environmental problem a they are global in nature . so , much of the present research is on developing pollution-free vehicle and also on developing a synthetic fuel . certain phenomenon like adsorption of liquified hydrogen gas on a suitable adsorbent can become a solution for this . this usually mean the fuel , the adsorbent and other equipment need to be carried along with the vehicle which usually require some additional space . due to obvious reason that much space can not be be devoted to fuel in two-wheelers but can be done in car . so assuming that research work bear fruit in another ten year or so we can say that it trigger an increase in the number of car and decrease in the number of two-wheelers . but if the research mentioned in the above paragraph is not fruitful , it might actually trigger a change in the opposite direction i.e , a decrease in the number of car . there are already problem related to traffic in many place and there is no denying of the fact that each year many new vehicle hit the road . the road can not be expanded for ever to tackle this increase in the number of vehicle . people might then be forced to resort to two-wheelers a they require le amount of space . also some others factor may play a prominent role like increase in the average income of the people . this mean that they would go for car because of luxury and other reason . improvement in particular technology related to car and other vehicle which determine their price might also play an important role . so only time will tell what actually happens .