although some people may think an advertised product is really typical to it form in the advertisement , i believe that product look much better in advertisement than they do in reality . my opinion is based on several experience and example . first , it is a known fact that all advertiser tend to show their product a the best in the market , a tendency that is increased by the increased competition among producer . so , any producer will only show the advantage of his product and disregard it disadvantage . for example , an advertisement for a certain product will only show people who were satisfied with the product , and allow them to give a lengthy explanation of how the product changed their life , even though the product may have no impact on a person 's life at all , such a dog food , and in many case the person talking in the advertisement ha not even seen the product . an important point to consider when watching an advertisement is the size of a product , which is , not surprisingly , larger in the advertisement than it really is . so , a burger sandwich could be nearly a large a a pizza , and similarly , a piece of furniture , such a a table or a chair or a desk can be misleadingly large in an advertisement . another example is shampoo . an advertisement for shampoo will show girl with silky hair , giving the impression that this particular brand of shampoo will make the curliest hair more nourished and healthy . another technique that misleads the customer in an advertisement is to show people , and in some case celebrity , using the product and having a great time , which give the consumer the impression that buying the proct will make him feel happier . since we are all searching for happiness , many people may be encouraged to buy the product . personally , i have had several disappointing experience with advertisement . i have bought bag , clothes and even furniture after watching misleading advertisement on tv and reading great customer review for product on the internet , which turn out to be much le satisfying than they are portrayed . i have to admit that some of the product were good , but still not a good a they appeared in the advertisement . the problem associated with the fact that product may sometimes seem better in advertisement than they really are is exacerbated by the use of the internet for shopping , where the consumer buy a product without actually seeing it . still , advertisement are interesting and do provide important information about product , we just have to learn to think before we buy .