i do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . maybe most young people do enjoy more of life than older people , but it all depends on each individual 's situation of life . some people say one must take advantage and enjoy all life can bring when one is young because once older , there would be not enough time and energy to do so . but this is not necessarily true . it is a fact that a people get older , their body get stiffer , but if one exercise regularly , this wo n't happen a quickly a it happens to people who do not exercise at all . and older people might enjoy life more than younger people because they have many benefit that many younger people do not have . such a money , and maturity . one ha to have financial backup in order to enjoy some kind of activity because most of the enjoyable activity that we human seek , require a large amount of money that young people can not afford . a person who enjoys traveling , for example . traveling requires to pay for a variety of advantage such a , a place to sleep in ( hotel , resort ) , food , souvenir , tour , and many other activity one is likely to pursue when traveling . one also ha to posse enough maturity because only a mature person can completely enjoy of some specific activity or action . since young people are likely to get into any kind of trouble which might instantly lead to displeasure and ruin the enjoying part of any experience . one example might be when one run out of supply when traveling again . an older person is more responsible and take control over all supply and resource that might be needed in any occasion , and enjoy at the same time . but most young people can not maintain the balance between enjoying and controlling . one young person might have taken a certain amount of money with him but spent all the money on entertainment for example . and end up without anything to eat for a whole day maybe . there are many other example proving that most older people enjoy life more than younger people do . because a majority of younger people do not posse what older people do .