i think that 's not a very accurate statement , indeed , becuz enjoying the life ha nothing to do with age or agedness . enjoying life is a matter of knowing to get real taste from life or not and regardless of their age , anyone who like to taste the extreme limit of life can achieve that in the best way . for example , who get more taste from life , a disabled young boy or an old grandmother of yours who still feel vivid , fresh and joyful a ever , young girl or the old grandmother ? of course , the old grandmother doe , because the young boy is n't willing to do anything a he ca n't use his body properly . he ca n't walk or run . he ca n't ride a bike unlike the able one who can enjoy life riding on a bike or going for a walk in the street holding the hand of his or her darling . as it is illustrated in the above example , we ca n't generalize that the old people are usually boring and dull people who like to stay in their home waiting the end of their life to come sooner . in the same way , we can claim the opposite , namely , we can come across with lot of young people who want to bury their sorrow by living their life jubitantly and old people who do n't want to do anything regarding living the life in the happiest way , however we see on tv program , though not every day , old people who dabble in sport like canoeing , jogging etc. despite their advanced year in life and lack of strenght , but on all account they know no limit and enjoy their life of their own accord without having to think that they are not young people and young people , at the same time , do n't want to go out owing to their lack of pushiness or extrovertness . according to their own light , they enjoy the life merely by staying at home and watching telly . when on earth asked them whether they enjoy life , most of them reply the question saying no without any logical reason at all , but they solely say no under such circumstance . no one at all really know why they say no . do they have handicap in life which impede them to live the life a their heart wish or did they have a bad traffic accident which resulted in the loss of the family member . of course no . so why ? becuz they do n't know to get the ultimate taste of life regardless of their age .