when i talk to older people , for example to my grandparent , they give me the advise to always enjoy every hour of my life a this time will never be given back to me . also , they say that i should enjoy life while i 'm still young a i have more possibility - maybe not financially , but regarding my health and the time i have . i 'm still very young , at the beginning of my twenty to be exactly , and , yes , so far i really enjoyed life . however , lacking the personal eperience of how life change and how one actually enjoys life when being older , make this question hard to answer . to answer this question , i 'd like to look at the thing which change when a person is older . one of these thing is responsibility . as a child , i did n't have the feeling of being responsible for anything . without being worried about other person ( a my parent were with me , for example ) , i could enjoy life more effortlessly . also , becoming older mean to be faced with other problem . as a child or teenager , i wa not really worried about the question of how to earn my money , how to put food on the table , when to fill out my tax form , or how to solve problem in my relationship . however , a a teenager , i experienced an increased responsibility for my education . i had to go to school every weekday , i had to finish my homework and hand in my assignment in time . these task definately were n't very helpful in enjoying my life . due to the time older people have to spend on their job and getting other task done , they have le time to do thing they actually enjoy - unless you enjoy your work more than anything else . i know many people who enjoy the work they are doing but would rather do something else even more enjoyable , like studying a topic they are really interested in , go hiking , see some friend , or travel . however , even though younger people have more time to do all these thing - student , for example , have long summer break - most young people lack the money to afford all these thing . also , due to law and regulation , younger people may not be able to do certain thing that older people can do . driving a car wa something i would definately have enjoyed when i wa six year old ( i still do now , though ) , however , i wa not allowed to do it . there are also thing which are not appreciated by younger people a thing that make live more enjoyable . visiting a classical concert or just watching a sunset might be such an example . for many adult or older people , having an own family is the most important thing to have an enjoyable life . given the example and explanation above , i generally agree with the statement , mainly because of the le responsibility young people have , the le problem they are confronted with , and because of the time they have available . looking at it in a philosophical way , one must not forget the other side to this discussion , which is that older people have the experience and matureness to appreciate certain thing more which make their live enjoyable . however , for me it definately seems that younger people have more fun , are more active and get to know more new people . also , there is still this curiosity about new and unexperienced thing , which make life very enjoyable . however ,