successful people always challege new thing rather than doing what they already know how to do . in other word , those who do not take risk will never succeed . first of all , people can get used to a variety of thing if they always try new thing . it would be helpful to communicate with a person whom they do not know at all because it is much easier for them to choose a common topic between them than for those who do not try new thing at all . as communication is absolutely required to succeed in society , where peope live together , this is one of the reason why people ought to try various thing to succeed . in addition to that , people who always trying out for a lot of thing are able to deal with unexpected situation . since they try new thing and have much more knowlegde than other people , it is more likely for them to be able to solve unexpected problem than others . secondly , a a proverb say , failure is mother of success . even successful people are just human being . thus , they do make mistake and failure some time . by learning how to fail , however , they can make use of the experience for their next challenge so that they will not fail next time . therefore , successful people need to be intellegent enough to convert their failure to success . lastly , trying out for new thing can bring opportunity to find a person 's possibility . it is not rare at all that a person find what he is good at at age of thirty when he try out for a new thing . my experience would support this idea . currently , i am senior at high school . at the beginning year of the high school , i wa so good at math that i recieved math award from math teacher . thus , i wa planning to major in math at university and college . next year , however , i took the `` concert band '' class , which is a music class for brass and woodwind instrument . since the beginning of the class , i have been very much into it , and i am right now well enough to be chosen for the top eight musician of my school . this ha totally changed my mind for future , and i am planning to major in music at an american university right now . what i mentioned here is that if i had not tried out for the music , i would not have found the possiblity of my music talent . in a way , i am now a successful person because i know what i can do well by learning from the challenge to the new thing . i am not going to stop trying out for new thing , and i am now planning to do a lot of musical thing , such a mixing , recording and composition . in conclusion , successful people always take risk and try new thing to seek for their possiblity .