specialization wa not the beginning of academics but after the industrial revolution specialization became important . the work of each worker identified after that time and professor a university worker have to obey that process . however , i believe that specialization in academic area is dangerous for free thought and for the improvement of revolutionary idea . if we look closer to history science in 20th century , most of the scientist who bring the revolutionary idea are out of the academy or not from the discipline . einstein wa a mathematician even he wa just working on a scientific jurnal . there are many example that support my proposition . nevertheless , if we pay close attention to philosophy of feyaraband , we can see that how our strong belief prevents the revolutionary idea in science . he claim that our deep belief in our science discourages people out of the field . at first glance specialization will appear even it will bring the academic person possibility to improve himself in his area . however , this idea forgets an important point , all field in science are connected by the core idea of science and if an academician want to improve himself he ha to learn it with the connection of the field with other field and t is the philosophy of the current science . most of u begin to think that the age of philosophy is over and science will take it place . this proposition is true in a sence . the prevailing academic approach may want that because positivist approach of academy claim that science is developing day by day . the argument used to claim that are mostly related to technological field . however , it must be seen that technology is the appliance of science not an extra knowledge for u . moreover , because the argument given are all in their term and confirming each other , there is no way to reject the improvement in technology . in other word , technology is in close relationship with scientific belief that make it possible . thus , such an argument is meanless to show whether we are in the right way or not . the overwhelmed belief in prevailing science prevents u to examine it . even it is epistemological perspective is not strong a it appears at first glance . therefore , if we want to improve ourselves and begin to think freely , we should rise our head and ask question to endeep our knowledge on anything . in that way we may be able to see the connection .