there is an old proverb `` jack of all trade , master of none '' this mainly describes the statement . i disagree with the statement because having broad knowledge of many academic subject is good but doe not completely describe a person only a specialisation can bring him in to existence . for example consider south african cricket player ` jhonty rhodes ' he is a player of different game , he goalkeeper in a football team , he is also a rugby player and he is also good fielder in cricket . but he is known to the world mostly for his fielding . because fielding is only the one specialization which made him a greatman neither the football or rugby since he good in that specialization . mastering all the subject doe n't allow a person to completely describe a subject . but specialization can be used to completely describe the subject . specialization lead to many invention and discovery , where a knowledge of many academic doe n't . it 's like stepping on two ship on a river where u will be drowned . stepping in one ship is better because there is a complete chance of reaching the destination safely . specialization in one subject will have good end rather than having broad knowledge of many subject . specialization lead to change . specialization in one subject can make the people go for research , where a broad knowledge of many academic subject doe n't do . research lead to invention which is quite useful . specialization in one subject completely describes a man.the specialized person will be confident of doing his work properly . specialization creats enthusiasm in person more and more to go deep in to the subject . specialization in one subject brings complete success where a broad knowledge can not . broad knowledge only study upper layer of the subject where specialization can be used to whole concept and funtionalityof the subject . great people are known of their specialization , where a jack is known of all trade . specialized study of subject make a person to think and develop innovative idea of discovery and invention. 'specialization in one subject is better than having broad knowledge of all