there ha been a on going debate whether it is better to study a wide range of academic subject . some people do not support the idea because they can not focus on one subject so they can not acquire deep information . however , from my perspective , it is better for people to have wide range of knowledge in several academic field because it will broaden their view to world and they can have a lot of experience that they can apply to other field . first of all , they can have wide perspective to the world we live in . this will lead them to have more open mind in society . especially when they are with other people , they can understand other people 's life better because they study diverse academic subjcets so that they know how different opinion do each individual have . not only can it help them to accept other people 's view better , but also it is beneficial for them to have rational thought . they will not tend to be biased . additionally , for example , if i study science and history at the same time , i can think logical concept and moral value at the same time . thus , it allows me to get along with everybody a i am well-grounded on interacting with others . moreover , by studying a variety of academic subject , they can acquire numerous experience which they can apply into other field . for example , if i once had studied about computer and now i want to get a job in mathematic field . indeed , my experience a to computer skill can be applied into math too . in order to collect data for surveying , there will be a lot of computer work required . as we can see , learning diverse field can help people to get their knowledge once and they can use these information in several form of their asset . although some people prefer to concentrate their studying in specific field , i maintain that it will bring out more benefit to people to have wide knowledge of many academic area . this is because that it allows them to obtain wider view and they can have more experience which can be used in order to success in modern society .