can we wake up a a successful person overnight ? should we devote ourselves to our profession or just take a chance ? the answer to these question lie in the success story and figure of our time : thomas edison , enrico fermi and a modern example , google . it is certain that devotion and hardwork put through to learning every aspect of our job is the key to achieve the glorious idea in our mind . our first example is thomas edison , one of most successful men of his time . by inventing direct current ( dc ) , he ha illuminates our future a well a our home . in every discussion about success , everybody quote him the most with this saying : `` success is % 10 imagination and % 90 hardwork . '' the way to success could not be summarized better because before his invention , edison ha worked really hard to put all the brick to the wall that leaded to electricity . next man to know anything about succeeding would be enrico fermi . being the most appreciated chemist among the world , he simply summarizes his achievement by stating that he tried to do his best at what he doe . his advice to the people `` if you can not do something best , do not do it. '' is his main philosophy from a man that ha opened the road to breaking atom apart . finally , an widely known success figure from our time is google . this modest research project by two phd . student at stanford ha become the world 's one and only information source . when we inspect the history of google , we can see that the architect of this search engine came to life by one important curiosity of the phd . student : how to improve themselves at what they know best , trying to find the best solution . the only drive that made google successful at the beginning wa the research and effort put into it , the rest wa insignificant . with all these success figure that focusing only on their field of work , we can conclude that in order to run , first you have to walk and taking a severe risk can make you fall , like a stone on your way .