the issue of whether young people nowadays contribute enough time to helping their community is a controversial one . while the observation of the behavior of a few individual might indicate so , i believe that the opposite is true firstly , a a native of a underdevelopped country , i wa able to observe poverty and felt the need to do something about it . both college and university , i joined a group of student that regularly went to local shanty town and helped in different way . something i especially recall from that experience wa the fact that whenever i shared this interest with other friend , they also expressed their interest and were , in many case , willing and able to contribute and help . the same happened to me a few time with adult , but in general this wa not the case . i acknowledge the fact that the world of adult ha usually stricter time schedule that make these sort of participation more difficult . nevertheless , i believe that eventually one help other because ha an inner desire to do so , and no time constraint are valid excuse . secondly , i would like to correct the perception of young people a selfish individual , only concerned with their own welfare . i also came across many young acquantainces who were not willing to spend part of their time helping others , but is n't this attitude widespread among adult ? i believe so . indeed , i believe there are two main reason why people do not help : lack of interest or the belief that participation is useless in the sense that it will not solve the `` real problem '' . while many young are not interested in helping others , i had the impression that the belief that helping people is useless is not a widespread among youngster a it is among adult . as a result , young people are more willing to participate whenever they face the opportunity . in this sense , young people are more generous to their community than their adult counterpart . in conclusion , i believe that many young people are willing to help their community . the observation of a few who do n't should not led u to believe this common misconception .