i completely agree with the view that taking risk and trying out new thing , rather than sticking to known way , make successful people . this fact can be simply illustrated with very preliminary example . like for example , had james watt not tried to innovate a new way of transportation option , the steam engine , and would have been satisfied with the then prevelant transportation option like horse-cart , where would we be today in term of comfort , cost and time benefit we draw from transportation ? same is the case , if the wright brother would have stopped after the steam engine revolution . continous evolution is always possible , because i think nothing is perfect to be accepted a it is forever . i will use more technology or business environment related example to explain this view further . in order to remain competant and profitable , business have to be innovative . trying out new thing enhances creativity and can lead to either new concept , process or product . it can also result into better way to do an existing job and lead to most cost and time effective solution . for example , when geographically distributed working wa not a famous a concept , chinese and indian company pioneered the offshoring concept . this led to benefit for both the party , providing opportunity to the developing nation and huge cost saving for the customer , which effectively lowered price for the developed country . trying to remain in the safe zone by stick to existing known way and not indulging into risk taking is very harmful for business . for example , if microsoft would have been satisfied with their windows operating system product having a huge market share and would not have innovated for improving their product , their market share would have been gobbled up by new product like linux . the most direct criticism of taking risk , is that if the existing way is well-established and near-perfect , trying new thing would be waste of time . and it could be a costly venture if trying new thing yield nothing , after all it is associated with risk . but i do not agree to this criticism because i believe , that even if sometimes being innovative just end up being a cost-overhead , in long term it will definately not be so , because of the dynamic nature of our business and environment .