as the transportation system ha developed , traveling became one form of enjoyment for people . they may enjoy traveling in a group led by a tour guide , or they may go in a group but without a tour guide . in my opinion , traveling in a group without a guide would be the best way to travel because it is cheaper , and more enjoyable . first of all , traveling with a group , but without a guide is cheaper . in one case , i have a experience of traveling with my family and a guide , and it made think that hiring a guide wa a waste . when i went to tokyo , japan for traveling , the guide wa with u all the time . our family had to pay her transportation bill , lunch , and dinner . however , if she were n't there , i could have ate more sushi . furthermore , on a newspaper , there is always a commercial about traveling abroad . while i wa reading it , it said that traveling hawaii with a guide required three hundred dollors more than without the guide . for these reason , since traveling with a guide cost more money , i prefer traveling without a guide . secondly , traveling without a guide is way more interesting . when there somebody who take you everywhere that one doe not have to open a map , it is meaningless . for example , when eugenie , a friend of mine , visited beijing with her friend without a guide , she could know more about beijing . she explained me where the great wall loacates and how to get there economically . by then , i realized that traveling without a guide is more exciting since one can learn more . morover , when i went to kyungjyu with my whole classmate and our homeroom teacher a a tour guide since she wa born there , it wa boring . my teacher wanted to go to historical place and explain u about them , while student wanted to go to amusement park and have more excitement . thus , traveling with a guide is never good . in conclusion , i strongly believe that traveling in a group led by a tour guide is not great . my experinces of traveling japan , kyouju certain prove reason for why . because traveling with out a guide is more economical and exciteing , i think it is excellent to travel only in a group of people who i know .