i firmly disagree that having broad knowledge of many academic subject is better than specializing in one specific subject . i would say at any time that digging in one field of study a far a you can go is much better than poking others wasting time and effort . the reason for this are lack of in-depth knowledge and difficulty in being successful in career . perhaps , a famous saying in my country , ` when digging a well , dig only one , could give a fundamental idea about my opinion . i will discus my reason in detail in the following passage . first of all , having broad knowledge in many academic field may seem wonderful from time to time but it would only result in lack of in-depth knoweldge in any of those field . for example , if you study biology for 4 year instead of physic for 2 and biology for 2 , you will get really deep knowledge in biology and even be able to plan your future academic life more easily . also , this might get you acknoledgement from others and raise a possibility that you will be awarded for it someday . secondly , for most people school are supposed to help them to get advanced in their career . having broad knoweldge in many field can seriously damage your future career plan . suppose you are being interviewed by excutives for a nice job . they will certainly be looking for a person who would do well on the job assigned to them . they will want some who know what they are really doing , not just someone with various , but useless knoweldge on different field . this also can seriously hamper your promotion in the organization , even if you get hired . a person with speicialized knowledge ha more chance to advace in the organization since they can really develop thier niche and know exactly where they stood and are going . in conlcusion , specializing in one specific subject make a person more realiable a well a knowlegeable . keeping integrity personally and professionally ha always been repected by others and accepted to be better than having shallowness in a variety of field . just looking at today 's academic environement , it is easy to know that people are heading more specialized direction than ever .