when we are in a highly industrilized booming society , how can we imagine the future ? will the quantity of car be fewer in use in twenty year than there are today ? i think the answer is an absolutely no for all the merit of them . cars are one of the most practical and useful invention through the last centruries . as the high technology soar up , car also ha been greatly modified for the benefit of people . we can get a scenic spot far more quickly than before with car which have save much time for u to rest or to stay in the right spot in the duration of our travelling . we can enjoy the beautiful scene we meet on our way , pull aside the car whenever and wherever you want . this is impossible when you are on a train . cars make u feel more friendship between our friend and u . we can call in on our friend who live far from u whenever we want . we do not have to schedule our visit plan and be bothered by the unappropriate timetable of bus and train . when a friend is in trouble , we can drive a car immediately and help him . reversely , our friend will do all the favor for u with a car in hand . another merit is driving a car make u feel more self-satisfactory . when you charge a car which you buy it with your salary and bring your whole family , how happy and self-accomplished you feel ! this can not be denied . admittedly , people will say that they bring u polluted air and unhealty , what 's more , some lung and cardiovascular disease . the traffic jam seem never stop . the fossil fuel make people feel disgust . as to these , i 'd say that it is not car 's fault . cars do not originally be made to harm people . they are beneficial machine . technology often brings good and bad , whether it is a curse or a blessing , depends on how to control and modify it , and just the technology itself can solve the problem . so do car . we have to take out more measure than before a the increasing population which will really be possible that more people will charge a car . more road will be estabilished whatever are under the original road or above . more traffic administration should be put in force . and the foremost , the alternative material for fuel should be invented to get rid of the demerit of cars-polluting emission . if these problem have been settle , car will be more welcome to people . it is more than possible , every one want to own a car in twenty year .