in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . what will happen with the development of car ? will the amount of driving car in 2030 increase or decrease ? let 's take a short look on the fast development of car . they were invented in about the 1920s and became more and more popular for all people all over the world within the last century . nowadays , it is unbelieveable not to have car or a possibility to lend one , if you need one . people got used to their drivable possibility to get from point a to point b whenever they want to and how often they want to . they do n't depend on any bus , train or even flight . even think of the high tax and fee one ha to pay if he us any public traffic . beside the fact , a car is one 's chance to get form a to b , a car enables you to feel free and independent . if you want to go on vacation , get your car ready and leave your homecountry . but this , unfortunately , is luxuary , especially in time like this when oil-price is a high a it ha never been before . one ha to effort his or her car . having a car , turn out to be a question of money and the possibility to effort it . it 'll be senseless , to spend all your loan on gas , would n't it ? ! furthermore , the amount of gas that pollution the air everyday , every minute , exactly every second , is still rising and doe n't seem to get le in future . although there are several techniqual development and invention , it 'll be a problem and influence the environment a lot . what will be in about 20 year ? will people think about this fact and problem and turn into another development of enviromental and social thinking ? will there be a chance to be fewer car used than they are today ? in my opinion , i do n't believe in this solution , being fewer car in 2030 than they are now . people more and more get selfish , always want the best and newest version of an invention ( car ) and they probably will change a certain way of group , social and enviromental thinking but they wo n't change their behavior towards car-using . in my opinion , there are only two thing that will lead a change in the amount of car used . first the changing of law by the government enforcing people to fullfill certain policy in car using ( such a car sharing , car-free day , etc . ) and second if the oil price is still increasing !