less than 100 year ago , people could only expect to live up to 40 or 50 year of age , or even le . but today , many elder reache 100 year or over . researchers show that life expectancy increase continuously . older people live older and many scientist believe it is a direct response to how they enjoy life . personnaly , i strongly support the fact that older people have a full life that is equal to the yonger people , and for many reason . mainly , the improvement of infrastructure in society help older people to participate in many activites . as well , the adaptation of these activity to the elderly increase their participation . more people of old age composes the society of today . this clearly emphasies the need for activity specifically targeted at older people . but how can they participate if they can not attend them . city counsil are modifying their infrastructure to address this . they created bus service for them and provided them with people to accompany them in their activites . it resulted in an increase of participation , and elderly people like it . this certainly show that they can enjoy life a much a other age group do . but these activites also need adaptation . initially , the type of activity available tended to be more focused on the yonger crowd , and this for many reason . yonger people were more `` seen '' around the city and were definitely more active . these two feature created the illusion that they enjoy more life . but older people can also enjoy activity and it ha an important impact on their longevity . the increase of life expectancy is a clear example of it . the city created activity just for the elderly , such a dance and dinner where they can meet together , share their memory , and enjoy themselves . these new meeting definitely provided more reason to life better and fuller for them . to prove the point further , society have also introduced program of activity where both young and old people can participate together . i participated in a program in my city where i accompanied one or two elder to show or activites specialy designed for them . i immensly enjoyed when they share their experience with me . it help me understand life better and enjoy my life . i bring them a flavor of youth that make them forget other problem they are facing . so we both enjoy life together . to conlude , i believe that any people , no matter their age , can enjoy life to it fulless . to do so , society need to provide adapted activites to the different age group . this can be done by modifying the infrastructure and creating specific activies . young people a well a older people will benefit from it equally , and will even participate together and help each other to improve their way of life .