is in a group led by a tour guide the best way to travel ? i think it is , because when you go to a new place , sometimes you do n't know the city well or you could take the risk to be missing . if you go to a new place , it would be better to be guided , so that if you have any doubt or any question , you will be sure that the guide will have the answer . you do not have to be concerned about knowing everything about the place , the building , the way and you would only enjoy the trip . on the other hand , if you travel by yourself , without a guide , you must ask for some address or building name if you do not know it . it would take more time , it could be frustating and it could make you spend a lot of money on taxi , buying map or getting back from wrong place . a tour guide is a person who know the place that he or she is showing , and he or she would teach you some of history , because he would talk to you about the place you are visiting , it origin , it name , about what is it made of and all kind of thing that would take a lot of time to learn . it is safer for a person to travel in a group and with a tour guide because they do not take the risk of visiting dangerous place . the tour guide would tell you what place are safer , at what time is better to be and the right moment . to travel in a grup could be better because you can learn from the other person . if you do n't know the name of a specific building , another persond could know and tell it you . if somebody else doe not know the history of a specific place and you do , you could teach him or teach her . it could be frustating to be in a foreign place and ton to know something that you want to . to be guided by a tour guide could have an expensive cost , but you have the security of a person who know where to take you and this way you would only enjoy your time on learning . you can visit a place and not to learn anything about it , and it would be bad because that is the reason of why you are visiting that place , in order to learn more about it . a tour guide must have enough culture and knowledge so that he answer all your question .