`` youth is the essence of life '' , it indeed is , the best year of any person life , in every kind of way , the youth of any person is indeed much more enjoyable , memorable and cherishable . as the plethora of option one ha in his youth are hard to find for older people . the exuberance of youth which youngster have and the ability to take thing in their stride and move ahead is seldom noticed in older people . young people are stronger , fitter , healthier than their older counterpart . this is a major factor in them enjoying their routine in amuch better way , they can workout in the gym longer , look fiter and can play any kind of sport , footbal , basketball , baseball etc . the older people can not play any kind of sport because they have restriction a far a their health is concerned , and tend to move much more sluggishly and can not risk fast movement . younger people , tend to socialise a lot more than their cunterparts they tend to meet a lot more people , go out to restraunts , pub , disco , which probably are not the best place for the older people , a youngster like to interact with people of their age , go out with them . the older people would be restricted to place like park , recreation centre etc . which is not all the time the most exciting thing to do and can get quite boring and mundane at time . younger people tend to work that much more harder , and get paid better , they tend to spend a lot more on their clothing , accesories , car , jewellery and enjoy showing them of much more than their counterpart . the whole industry is inclined towards youth and is catering to their need and choice . the yougsters can try a lot more activity like mountain climbing , trekking , river rafting which are are so exciting and give that thrill which only ha tobe experienced , and unfortunately all these have their own restriction and are not recommended for older people . taking into consideration all these factor , it is clear that young people , can live a bigger , stronger and more funfilled life than what their counterpart can , well they must have passed through their youth phase in their life and will surely have had a lot more activity then than what they are having now . youngsters have the energy and the time to dwell into what ever they like and can enjoy every aspect of it , it is not the same for the older p