knowledge is power . knowing a little of everything is better that knowing a lot of one thing in specific . when you have a lot of information in your brain you will be able to have great conversation with other people . you will be able to fell more comfotable taking and being more social . cause you feel secure that no matter what , you will know what to say . knowledge open a lot of door , will not keep you in a small circle . i do n't want to be misunderstoud . specialize in a topic or subject is not bad but this ca n't be the only thing you know . cause knowing a little bit of everything will assure you that you will survive in most of the situation that you get in life . i love theatre and want to specialize in that . but being good in theatre doe n't make me good on making food or organised with me money , you know . there are thing in life that you have to know so you can survive . is like the person that thing that the only language they have to know is the language they speak in their country . that 's wrong cause if you want to go to another country for vacation and they doe n't speak your language , it will be very hard for you to communicate with people . and one of the funnest thing of going on vacation is to interact with the people of that country you are visiting . i thing people should be excellent in one thing and very good in others . it should not be empty space in your brain . society should focus more on promote knowledge cause almost everybody know that human doe n't use they brain in they full capacity . and having a society with people that are good in a lot of area , is a society that you know will have success . that no matter the adversity , they will have the tool to confront and search solution to there problem . that others society that doe n't have people with a lot of knowledge . knowledge is the key to solve problem , to see the future with more confident and the key to not make the same mistake that in the past . a knowledge of many academic subject will enrich the person , will make a person more attractive and more happy .