no matter where you go , you 'll always be confronted with huge commercial sign . even your favorate television programme are filled with subtle advertising trick . the huge amount of commercial and the way in which the product are presented ha often made me wonder if the product are truely a amazing a they look . and i often come to the conclusion that most product truely are too good to be true . the advertisement make them better than they really are . first of all , you must keep in mind that the advertisement serve for one purpose and one purpose only and that is selling the product , no matter what . in order to do so , advertiser tend to exaggerate and brag . by telling amazing story about the product , they try to sell them . of course , nobody want to buy ordinary product that have no use anyway . besides , there are a lot of product of the same kind in the market . so there need to be distinction between them . people want to know which one is the best , because everyone want only the best of the best . and a lot of advertisement do make a product extraordinary . take the commercial for make-up for example . people often tend to buy overprized make-up rather than the cheap one . that 's because they see and hear celebrity talk about those ` amazing ' cosmetic product . i 'm sure you 've seen andie mcdowell starring in the l'oreal commercial promoting facial cream : `` this will definitely make your rincles dissappear . you 'll see instant result ! this is the best ! '' it perhaps really is n't the best facial cream , or even different from the other cream , but the celebrity make it special . finally , modern technology play a big roll in the scheme . the use of photoshop ha made people and product look better and prettier than they really are . it 's very easy to manipulate picture . and the advertiser know that . it 's so commonly used nowadays , that you will hardly find any ` natural ' picture anymore . it 's always fun to watch the commercial , though . seeing how the company have outdone themselves again and again . they always find new way of entertaining the audience , trying to get your attention . having singing child and perfect family playing in the commercial . they 're fun to watch , but they 're definitely not representative for th so all with all , be very cautious when buying product . do n't buy everything the commercial tell you to buy , a these product are often too good ot be true ! remember that these add are often misleading and exaggerated . the advertiser want you to buy their product and will do anything to get them sold . using modern technology and paying celebrity , they manipulate the public opinion . enjoy the commecials , but do n't let them fool you .