the question ask me if i agree or disagree with the idea that if young people , nowadays have not much time for helping their comunities . in my opinion i think that young people is able to do that but lat generation of young people are le carefull with their environment , their family etc . .. i think that if you propose it you can make it happen . it is true that young people is actually more bussy than because they have to study a lot at the high school or at the university . but they do that probably six hour a day or eight . so they have a lot of free hour to hepl their comunities . the main problem now is the boom of the internet and the poor show put on the television that only make the young people keep in front of it . the child are many hour a day chating or playing with the playstation or watching horribles show with level of education zero . new generation have change a lot . another big big problem now are drug . very young people star in the world of grugs since they are very little maybe because of social problem or problem in their family . they can not adapt well to the society , they have bad companion and then they left a healthy life . they waste much time in all these activity and maybe it is the problem for what they are not able to help their comunities to have a better aspect , to have a good growing . . and is due to that for what many comunities become bad for the society eye . i think that another problem for what they can not help their comunities is not the ammount of time they have , but their education since they were born and the lack of sense and sensiblility they have , not only for helping their comunities but also for helping other people . i am sure that television and internet are the first cause for this . young people are lately very egoist and they only look for their own benefit . long before child were very different because tv and internet did no exit and they have more time for sharing their life with their family , for playing more time and for helping their comunities . people then were more united . now young people only think on next ; to study very little for having more free time and go by the city to party , etc . finally , i think it ha to be more information about education for young people and bring them more oportunities with more activity .