to know a few from everything , or know only one thing better than anything ? nowadays , most people know lot of thing but they know it undetailed . i think knowing one thing , and knowing it detailed is better than knowing plenty of thing undetailed . to start with , being an expert in one specific academic subject is better than being a newbie in plenty of academic subject . this also make a person think more knowledgeable . for example , imagine two people who graduated from same major in university , work in the same company and both in the same department . one of them know only about his department but know everything about it , and the other one know a little about his department , and also know about other department . if their manager had to choose a person for a project about their department , he will choose the one who is knowing more thing about the department . thus show that being an expert in one specific subject is better than knowing plenty of subject . furthermore , knowing too much thing disattracts people from their job or situation which make them more unsuccessful . this also proved by many scientifical research . the research show that 4 out of 6 people disattract from the subject if they do not know the subject too much . it also a disadvantage for people for looking out for job and doing good thing such a good project , and work . there is also one more positive thing for specializing in one specific subject . people who have experty in one academic subject can make more process quickly and have more trust unlike the other people . with the advantage of knowing deeply an academic subject , they can make process quickly with a few mistake , and also they would not lost their confidency while doing it . for example , a student who did specialize in one specific subject can make a better homework than a student who knew a few thing about the subject . this situation prof that specializing in one specific subject is more better . to sum up , i can say that i totally agree with the opinion which state specializing in one specific subject is better . if there is more people who specialized in one specific subject , there will be more success all over the world . at last , we are all human , and we can not know everything perfectly , so we should do the best thing we can do , and be an expert about that subject .