how often have people traveled on their own ? in group ? by couple or with their class ? what is the best way to travel to a country ? opinions differ depending on people , but i believe that the best way to travel and to learn about a country is by being led by a tour guide . first , a tour guide can help u travelling in the country . i remember the time i travelled in italy with my parent , we took a guide who made u a visit of the entire rome . he knew every corner of the city a if it wa himself . we took the subway and we were amazingly surprised of how many station and changements we had to make . because we could not speak italian , travelling alone would have been much more difficult without a guide . thanks to our tour guide , we were spared interminable hour of wander in the intricate street of rome . secondly , a tour guide can give u some historical background that are specific to the country or to the region . our italian guide , named gino , explained to u in detail the history of the coliseum . we thought we knew already enormously about the site , for we have read many book about it , but we never knew how it wa built , in how much time it wa built , and why wa it a phenomenon in rome . he explained u how italy undergoed a chaotic period during the civil war and the second world war , fact that have not always been explained concisely . but he also talked to u about italian legend , that are only known by italians . he also familiarized u with the traditional italian music which originally bloomed during the renaissance . gino also talked to u about the great thinker , mathematician , musician , politician and dictator of their country and i had to admit that i could never have thought about them if we were not guided by gino . thirdly , if we are not completly familiar with a country 's language , people , or food , a tour guide can always facilitate our task . i remember how lost my parent and i were the first day we arrived in rome . we could n't speak italian and because we were tourist , some italians took advantage of the situation to make u pay more than the regular price in restaurant . gino got furious against the waiter and when we asked him what happened , we were horrified to realize that the waiter wanted to make u pay the bread , the table , the glass , the fourks and knife . apart from this little misunderstanding , gino always had great museum , restaurant , bar , adresses . he would recommend u the best italian pasta dish and would bring u the great comedy show ! he would also bargain with street seller so that we could afford cheaply a dolce et gabbana pair of glass or a perfect imitation of a gucci bag . i believe that my experience in rome clearly demonstrated the fact that it is best to travel somewhere by being led by a tour guide . for he is more experienced and familiar to his country 's lifestyle and people .