ever since the advent of car they have become an integral part of human life . the production of car ha seen a considerable rise over the year and this trend show no sign of slowing down . i personally disagree with the statement that twenty year down the line we will see fewer car on the road than we do today . a host of factor are responsible for me holding this opinion . these include improved production practice , fierce market competition , increased buying power of the consumer and a desire to push knowledge beyond the existing boundary . the production practice involved in car manufacturing ha come a long way . in the early year of car production the process wa entirely manual . orders for car had to be made year in advance . as silly a it may sound it is all true . but today car maufacturing is an automated process . it take onl a few hour to assemble together all part in the car . another interesting feature of the production system is that car today are mass produced , not made induvidually . this reduces maufacturing time . once a customer place an order it is just a matter of a few day before he see the car on his doorstep . this enhanced mass production sstem ensures that car are delivered a fast a possible , and this is like an added incentive to the buyer . so the production system ha contributed significantly to increasing the number of car on the road . and with better manufacturing practice being implemented it only point to a greater number of vehicle on the road in the near future . the market for automobile is a very competetive one . there are man plaers in the market ; this is a reference to te automobil compaies producing car . it is not like the old day where there were only one or two compaies coming out with car . there are a host of compaies producing car in various segment . there are price war on between car in a particular segment . as soon a a company come out with a price for a particular model his rival would come out with a slashed price of an equivalent model . all these market war lead to slashed price which is music to the consumer ear . these reduced price so to speak contribute greatly to the increae in the number of car sold . times have been changing and the automobile market is not restricted only to a privileged few any more . the purchasing power of the consumer ha gone up manifold . more people can afford to buy car now and today owing a car ha socila reavace a wl . ar are produced b mafaturers in ma segment to cater to te need of the people that fall under the particular segment . with this increasd purchasing power of the consumer the car sale have gone up and will continue to do so in the near future . finally enginners are alwas pushing the limit in search of newer pasture . the motivation amongst the engineering community will always result in the production of newer vehicle , beter production technique etc . all these will certain cotribute to an increase i sale of the car . considering all these factor mentioned above i feel that twenty year hence we will be looking at a world with more car , though thats not essentially how we want it to be ... happy driving !!!!