having a broad knowledge of numerous academic subject ha several advantage compared to having specialized knowledge on one unique subject ; a it help individual in problem solving , grant them with flexibility and is a useful social helper . acquiring knowledge on a broad range of subject first of all broadens one 's perspective extensively . this in turn will enhance one 's problem solving ability a he/she will be able to approach problem from not a single viewpoint , but attack it from several point . therefore , a generalist is likely to come up with more way to solve a certain problem than a specialist . a second advantage brought about by gathering knowledge from many academic area is flexibility . as one ha a certain level of knowledge about many different area , it is much easier for him or her to make change in his/her career or life than it is for a person with a knowledge focused on one particular subject . flexibility might come handy especially when one is under an obligation to make a change in his/her career . when the company one work for get out of business for instance , while the generalist ha broader new employment opportunity in different field , the specialist ha to find a job in very specific area he/she ha specialized in . having a broad knowledge on various academic field may also be utilized a a social tool . in order to get socialized with other people , especially with one that have not been met before , it is essential to find a common ground , or a common area of interest to keep the conversation - or in the long run , relationship - going . by interesting himself/herself in different field , one increase not only the chance of finding a common point with the newly met person but also that the relationship will persist . in a nutshell , people should add a much variety a they can to their scheme of knowledge in order to be better problem solver , to have the ability to make change in their life with ease , and to have better , persistent relationship .