many people believe that young people enjoy life to a higher degree than older people do . in my opinion , this is a statement that is not correct since it fundamentally denies the complexity of the issue of joy , life and age and try to deliver a general and simplified statement . in those crucial matter , however , i believe that trying to make a general point is not helpful in any way . therefore , i disagree with that statement , both because of it content and because of the way the content is delivered , namely through generality . first of all , it is certainly a question of the perspective from which one look at to what degree people enjoy life . young people might believe that older people enjoy life le because of their decreasing health condition or because of the decay of their outward appearence whereas older people might be of the opinion that it is the youth that enjoys life le since , being at an early stage of life , they still have all the hardship of life in front of them . in this connection , it is certainly a question of definition what it mean to `` enjoy life '' . there is no such thing a a scale measuring the joy in life that valid for every person , and there is no need to create such scale . everyone ha a different view on life and different expectation that contributed to joyful life . some people enjoy life doing sport , others enjoy life by achieving financial success . that feeling is not objective but rather subjective and it is not possible to really compare those individual feeling . different people have different priority in life . thus , trying to decide whether younger people enjoy life more than older people do or vice versa seems impossible since it denies the very individual character trait , opinion and view that one hold . in my opinion , it is a question of how old one really feel . as for myself , i know a 73-year-old man who is a active a he could ever be , perfectly indulging in sport everyday by running cross country before breakfast . this exemplifies that every individual is a distinctly different from others . therefore , category of people enjoying life more or le than others do not make any sense . in conclusion , i disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do , because of the fact that on the one hand , everyone ha to define solely for himself or herself what it mean to enjoy life .