who have not been complaining about how boring are sometimes the topic and content of course ? the one who will not agree have never been student or have certainly erased this part of their life from their memory . even if iideas and concept are key element in learning , i am a student in law and the professor that i have loved are the one who have made me like some topic i wa not supposed to appreciate . and their secret is they have kept our attention by not only sustainable analysis but also by relevant fact which are part of our everyday life . first , idea and theory are too vague for basing student . they are far beyond of ourselves . that is why using a concept without an example is completely nonsense and ridiculous . that is why , teacher from the elememtary school to university are using example to make one of their sutudent understand one idea he ha not . so , idea how clever they might be are pointless if we can not verify it regarding situation . in a second matter , a certain kind of concept are really difficult to understand . for instance , some argument of philosopher must appear far-fetched at first sight . as a consequence to sustain their idea philosopher use historical event or everyday lifeor biological situation . hegel show the competition relation between men by a comparison with animal . facts are a way to learn and understand more efficiently theory and concept . facts are more attractive than theorical idea > they are more tangible and theory can be verified by that way . in fact , communism theory have been their pre-conceved economic idea questionned by fact . and liberalism theory have been successfull regrding history . as a result , fact are more efficient than concept and idea a they can show their negative consequence . in a nutshell , fact are essential in a pedagogic method or to examine theory regarding their effciency . but theory sseem to be very important a fact are the tool to critize them . in fact , what would be the use of fact if there were no concept and idea at all .