it would be very difficult to say that the car ' usage will decrease in the year to come so early . looking at the present scenario , the rate at which the car production and buying is increasing , it can surely be said that their is increased usage of car . but , however , i doubt to this and agree that there will be certainly a decrease in the usage of car in twenty year and there are many reason and notion for this concern . if we see at the awareness of the present population , especially the younger generation , they are more concerned about the environment today than any time before . their had been a tremendous increase in the pollution level today that many people have volunteered to not to use car . this however doesent mean that they are not using their car at all but they have decreased their dependence upon them , in turn , their usage ha decreased . moreover the public transport system today are playing a major role in a our daily life . the public transport system like the bus , metro have really improved over many year . they have become much more efficient have also paced the life of people commuting by them . at present the almost all major city , which form the large portion of people using car , in world have these transport facility . there had been improvement in connectivity among different place which have atrracted people to use them instead of commuting by car to far off place . a bitter reality that will result in the le usage of car in coming year is the slow exhaustion of the non-renewable resource like petroleum , without which these manmade instrument will come to halt . it ha been projected that over the year to come the petroleum supply will be highly effected in the wake of many oil well drying up . its not only that the exhaustion of the resource is going to effect the usage of car but it the economic problem associated with it . with the increase in the buying of car alongwith the exhaustion of resource the petroleum price are going up day by day , and a day will come when it would be impossible for common man to affford it . when considering all these issue regarding the factor affecting the car ' usage it can be said that over the year it is surely to come down . afterall this would be to the benefit of our society which ha over the year forgotten and ignored the nature 's way of living .