there is a statement that say `` successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' . in this essay , i would like to respond to the statement . fisrt of all , i would like to define the word success . i define the word sucess a to achieve something that can be admired by others . so if there is someone that ha done something that everyone else admires , that person is said to be successful . now i would like to respond to the statement . people tend to admire someone who ha done somthing that everyone else ha never tried to do . if there is someone who ha tried to do something that is tried by anyone yet and succeeds by doing it , everyone admires him/her for taking risk . this happens often in the world . for example , there wa a physicist who invented an idea called `` anti-matter '' . this concept is never thought by anyone else because in order to come up with this idea , you need to take account negative number which do not seem realistic in this case . now in physic , the concept of `` anti-matter '' is known and it seems to be true . the physicist who invented this idea becomes very popular and he won a nobel prize . this example tell you how taking risk lead you to success . there are many people who have succeeded due to their challenge ; yet there are also many people who have failed to succeed because they tried to take risk . in these case , people ignore them and people only look at people who succeeds by taking risk . there is a bias and in order to discussing fairly , we need to know the risk of failing . there are also people who have suceeded due to what they already know how to do well . for example , there is a famous football player called ronaldinho . he ha won a world cup and other title a well . he ha many great skill and his most famous skill is called elastico . however this skill is not invented by him and it wa invented by a player called falcan who played many decade ago . ronaldinho us falcan ' s skill and he became very famous . this example tell you that doing what they already know can also lead you to success . the most important thing to succeed is not how to do ; it is how well you do . if you try something very hard and very effectively , there is a chance to succeed . i would agree to the statement becasue taking risk is better than `` only doing what they already know '' . it is good at doing what they already know but it is important to at least try to invent new thing .