in the today 's materialistic world everybody strives for success . but what exactly is it that make some people successful and some not ? there are belief that certain characteristic trait , such a innovativenes and the willingness of taking risk are responsable for being successful . in the following i will outline to which extent those belief are right in my personal opinion . there are a lot of business people who are a living example for the above mentioned statement . bill gates , for example , would not be the richest man on earth , if he had not have a good idea , which mean he thought innovatively and if he had not be willing to take the risk that naturally arises when starting a new business . people who are willing to take risk do not fear the consequence of their action which make them le careful . that is favourable because carefulness is not always helpful when , for example establishing a new business . everybody know you need to risk in order to gain . this can also be seen when watching the stock market . there are different asset one can invet in : riskier one and safer one . the riskier one promise a higher return in exchange for the higher risk . the other one are safer but the outcome will be le . so people act according to their attitude to risk . trying new thing is also very important , i think . you can seldom be successful when only copying someone or something else . you have to come up with something new , something unique , for example a totally new product , to be successful . the company `` jamba '' would be a good example here . ten year ago nobody could imagine that you can make a fortune when selling ringtones for cellphone . jamba tried this and introduced a totally new thing to the market and obviously the company still is very successful . however , i think that trying new thing and being risky is only determinant for success to some extent . once a person had a great initial idea , a for a new product , the person should carefully plan the commerzialisation of it . that mean market potential should be estimated , production should be adjusted accordingly and price and teh scope of advertising ha to be determined . if one act too risky in those field of action , a misclaculation is easily possible which could lead to a failure of the whole thing . thus , in conclusion , i would state that a certain degree of risky behaviour and innovative thinking will be very beneficial when striving for success . nonetheless , one should always stay focused and take all the external effect into account that can affect his or her way to success because the highest risk can sometimes also bring the highest loss .