if one considers the question of whether it is of more advantage to have a broad spectrum of knowledge in many different area or whether it is more advisible to concentrate it in one small field , one important distinction need to be made . the answer to this question is different depending upon whether one considers a person with the ultimate goal of pursuing a professional career in business or whether the focus is on someone that intends to stay in the academic field in order to perform research and teach . the answer to the former case is that yes , for the businessman it is more advantageous to have a broad knowledge ; for the latter subject , the academic , a more narrow focus is preferential . the reason for that shall be illuminated below ; the two type discussed shall be referred to a the `` professional '' and the `` academic '' , respectively . for the professional , it is crucial to have a broad knowledge in different area since in his everyday life , he will constantly be faced with situation involving very diverse topic . in order to understand these , and more importantly , to link these together , that wisdom will duly serve him . imagine for example an executive at a multinational company : how is he to understand the need of his customer ( and his employee ) of different nationality if he doe n't know about their cultural background ? the second main point where his broad knowing will assist him is in general problem-solving . whenever one learns about a new subject , no matter which field is concerned , one is subconsciously exposed to the technique of attacking problem in the respective field : the more different field one ha seen , the broader the base from which one can choose the tactic to solve one 's own problem . when a ceo of a large company make a strategic consideration , the process that take place in his mind subconsciously wa obtained in some random academic area he had once studied at school , and that structure of thought serf him very well in that situation . however , also the professional need to excert diligence : if one exaggerates the amount of different subject studied , one will end up with unconnected , loose , random fact that serf neither for common knowledge nor for problem-solving . the second type under consideration is the academic : his or her ultimate goal is to perform successful research and thereby create entirely new scientific knowledge . this process is conducted at such an immensely high level nowadays that everyone wanting to have widespread success in a field need to know absolutely everything about it . at the same time , the subject have reached such complexity that an occupation with a different field simply is n't possible for the ambitious researcher : in order to only even stay up to date in his own field , he will have to invest well over fifty hour a week . due to this , in academia this focus on one specific subject is an absolute must . for the sake of completeness though , it should be mentioned that also for academic it is advisible to first gain some more spread-out knowledge : if for example a quantum mechanic physicist want to apply his principle to biology , he need to be able to already refer back to some existing knowledge from his own educational process in order to see the basic connection . in conclusion , it wa demonstrated in this text that depending on the work of the person under consideration , the answer to the introductory statement differs : the prefers a broad knowledge base , whereas the academic go with the narrower one .