i have to disagree with the statement because of the numerous point that could be immediately come up with that contradice it . it is also prudent to consider the point which might disprove my stand , but it also will be falsified in the last paragraph . the first reason for more car in twenty year is that the fuel that is necessary to run car i.e. gasoline , is not going to run out any time soon . a common misconception is that the world 's fuel supply will dry up in fifty year to come . actually , there are huge deposit of oil in developing and under developed country which are unexploited . there are also huge reserve deposit in developed country , like the reserve in siberia and arctic sea region of russia . with gasoline , the most convenient mode of transportation for people , atleast right now and probably for atleast twenty year to come , would be car . secondly , the developing country generally consider developed nation a role model in community , economic and industrial development . this , combined with the fact that most of the people in developed country would want to drive their own car , prof that the number of car in developing country would definitely increase . nowadays car are introduced in a wide spectrum of model which appeal to all . apart from this , the technology and instrument to make car are gtting cheaper which make car available to everyone . this can be supported by the fact that tata motors is on the verge of introduction of a car for just one lakh rupee in india . this would enable more people to buy car . car sport like rally and the world famous formula one make car even more popular . not that anyone is going to buy a formula one for city use , but the craze is enough for some people to convince themselves to buy some of the meanest machine available . the famous computer game `` need for speed '' is one example of medium popularising car . in the game , car are available in the weirdest design and can be customised . these idea promote people to buy car . the only reason which might contradict the theme of this passage is fuel cost . yes , they are going high . despite this , figure suggest that car number are increasin in the world .