the question of whether young people enjoy life more than older people do is a very important question , epsecially when considering that with modern medicine people are continously enabled to grow older and older . even though i would in general agree with the statement , several aspect should be kept in mind when answering this question a well . the first question that come to mind when reading the statement is what can be understood under `` enjoying life '' . personally , i believe this includes thing such a travelling and exploring new culture , interacting with friend , having fun etc . when considering that older people generally tend to have a worse health than younger people , i would thus say that younger people do enjoy life more , simply because they are more able to . for example , my grandmother back continously hurt . thus , she is impeded from taking long walk , traveling or any other enjoyable activity which implies a substantial amount of physical activity . in that sense , i am able to enjoy life more than she is , because i am in better health and do not continously suffer from pain . furthermore , i would say that young people enjoy life more than older people because we have more opportunity to do so . for example , there are vasts amount of activites for younger people to do in their free time , such a going to the disco or cinema , doing sport with friend , etc . of course , older people attend or participate in these activity a well , but i believe that it is more common for younger people to do so , a younger people tend to have more free time than older people . additionally , when in school or studying , young people see and have the possibility to hang out with their friend every day . older people , however , are more confined to their job , and tend to have their friend outside of their job area . furthermore , older people are often confronted with the death of their friend , which often result in older people growing more and more lonely . young people on the other hand still have their whole life ahead of them and thus constantly explore new way of living and enjoying life . of course , it must be kept in mind that my perspective on older people result from the fact that i am still young . there are many reason for why older people may enjoy life more than young people a well , one of which would for example be that they have already achieved a lot in life and are not anymore `` lost '' and trying to find out what to do with their future . thus , even though i agree with the statement , i would say it 's more a matter of young people being able to enjoy life more , not a matter of people naturally becoming grumpy or discontented over time . all in all , i would thus say enjoying life come down to a matter of health and free time to a large extent , both of which young people tend to have more of .