i believe successful people like to take risk and are not afraid to engage new situation . success is being in control of one self in order to achieved certain goal . if you believe you can do it , you have much higher chance to obtaining that . successful people are motivated to try new thing , to be creative , and to follow objective even if the situation change . successfull people differ from ordinary people becasue they take risk . for example : most of all great business idea are innovative . what make a business man successful is the way he or she manages to develop the business model . most probably , it will requiere to invest both time and money to an entrepeneur activity . it will also requiere to learn new thing , maybe process and managerial skill . to do so , it demand to learn new thing and to take risk . in the other hand , ordinary people are most likely to stay where they are , in what i call comfort zone . they are not willing to take chance , and usually bypass great oportunities because they believe that it is too risky or too hard to achieve . basically , i differentiate people by their attitud . successful one , have a positive attitud toward change and are self confident . they believe thay can achieve it . and even if they fail , their attitud rise them up again to keep on developing greater idea . success is a continious activity , not a goal you reach and it is over . they are many example of success . i like to state my own experience . i have worked for 3 year achieving professional goal , and learning new activity . i have been recognized for my committment , and now i work a general manager for the company . i have great attitud toward change and problem solution . i have made my mistake but always learned from them . i believe everything is posible when you are clear about it . now a day , i am on my way to study a specialized master degree , ready to learn new thing , to share my own idea and listen to others . i believe success is a way of living .