some people hold the opinion that there will be fewer car in use than there are today while others believe it in an opposit way . as far a i 'm concerned that i am standing for it .. as a matter of fact , with the rapid development of the country from all over the world , car indeed play an extremely important role in developing a country 's economy . however , a better understanding of the pollution caused by the car will be enable u to live a better life . therefore more and more people have come to recognize the wisdom of not driving the car . instead of that , taking public transportation are valued far more than driving their own car when they are out by some people , because it not only ha brought a large number of profit and convenience to the people 's life but also leaded to le pollution , as a result people 's life become easier and healthier . so the attempt by the government to limit the number of car ha been very successful , after all more and more people will give consideration to the public transportation when going ouside . in addition to that , the importance of the bike can never be overestimated. , for it is portable and small , that is to say you can take it to anywhere if you want. , therefore more and more people are more willing to ride bike but to drive car while they are out . apart from that , the bike wo n't cause so much traffic jam , which will make people waste a large amount of time when they are on their way to work . above all , the bike are regarded a the environmently - friendly tool , which enables people to live in a clean and comfortable condition . so to some extent , how wildly the bike are uesd is a strong determinent of how the environment can be protected . and an analysis of the meaningful event in history confirms the fact that , in order to save the plannet we live on , we will make good use of the bike instead of the car . therefore , in the future there will fewer and fewer car in use it can ce concluded from the above than i agree with this statement .