those who consider having a trip by a tour guide is the most comfortable way to travel . however , i think , it is better for u to take a trip by ourselves . there are two major reason . first , having a trip by ourselves help u to have self-realization . some people might say that it is possibe to feel self - realization in that they made it following by a tour guide . however , what matter is not by following others , but performing by ourselves . as society is getting more complex , the competition is getting more fierce . thus . the role of being reader ha changed . it wa just to plan for a daily life in the past , but now it is to organize and perform alone . also , there is not denying that being a reader is more important to survive in dog-eat-dog society . for example , i took a travel by myself wthout a tour guide . even though my parent worried about it because they thought it wa quite dangerous , so they suggested me to follow a tour guide . by taking a trip without any a tour guide , i can not only organize my schedule , but also have my own free time . if i had to follow what the tour guide say , i would be stressed out due to dirctions from the tour guide . in this way , take a trip in a group led by a tour guide is not desirable for u . moreover , when it come to the money , it is better for u to take a trip without a tour guide . it is generally agreed that we spend a lot of money while we take a trip . for example , we have to get accomodations for sleep and pay for the transportation fee and so forth . in my opinion , . getting a tour guide is the waste of money , we can not only buy some sourvenirs for our parent of friend , but also get a the fancy restraurants instead of paying for a tour guide . let 's assume that the two student who travel in europe with same money . the one student take a trip by himself . thorough enough money , he can pay anything what he want . on the other hand , the counterpart joined to a group for following a tour guide . due to the fee for getting a tour guide , he can not do many thing what he want , just he had to follow what the schedule were fixed in the list . who can have more fun with enough money ? i can definitely say that the latter regret that he joined to a group for following a tour guide . from having more fun with freedom to not spending a lot of money for getting a tour guide , there is nothing better than taking a travel by our self . to sum up , i do not agree with the statement that being a member in a group led by a tour guide is best way . this is because , by taking a travel by ourselves , we can have self-realization and save some money instead of paying for getting a tour guide .