as the technology advanced , society ha learned to train people in certain field for it development . it ha been an issue to all , whether people should go for understanding in numerous course or go for professionalism in certain course for deeper understanding . and being a student myself , i believe that it is more beneficial to go for understanding in numerous course , because it is my belief that it is important for student to be informed of variety of subject area . first , it is becaus it make student to be more aware of many opportunity that may come in their future . a student can not even think of being a psychologist , when he doe not know that certain field exists . and by doing so , diversity of job in the society can be achieved . second , individual performs better at work , when they are aware of many other fact or mechanism in different field . for example , an architect who is profound in the principle of physic work better than who doe not simply because of more knowlege in different field . therefore , we can now conclude that people are more competitive at work by learning about different field of education . of course , some may argue that people have to promote professionalism for the advancement of technology . it is very true indeed . no one can disregard the fact that more information about the chemistry can help an individual to mix the chemical , but this professionalism can come after education , where people are actually being trained for their work . to conclude the reason above , i believe in the importance of education on variety of field , becaues it alert student on possible future career , and it provides people of the skill to integrate for the better understanding of the subject he would like to pursue . and although it is true that an individual can work better with specialization in the field , i still believe that this can wait until the day we are going to be trained a professional , but till then we should promote to understand variety subject to help u more .