car is one of the most important invention . cars have helped our human being very much in many aspect . nowadays , people can not live without the help of car . but , at the same time , car have caused a lot of problem for our human being . as we all know , everything ha it pro and con . we ca n't burn the candle at the both end . some people have paied much attention to the disadvantage of car , and they think we should get rid of car . and they also believe that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenty year . in my opinion , i ca n't agree with this statement , bucause we can find another veihcles to take the place of car in a short time . people who think car are usless may have forgotten a fact that the invention of car really changed our life very much . with the help of car , our life becomes easier . every morning , many people choose car to drive to work . it is hard to imagine a world without car . i think people will use more and more car . the second reason is that it need a long time to invent a kind of new veihcle . inventing a new thing is a long process , and need a lot of money and effort . if one day , a new veihcle wa invented , it would take a long time to put it into practice . twenty year are not sufficient for that long process . cars in deed cause problem , such a pollution , traffic accident . but we can do something to avoid these side effect . we can develop a new energy source , which would cost le than inventing a new veihcle . i believe traffic accident is not the fault of car , but it is the fault of our people . numerous people do n't pay much attention to the traffic law . and there are also a lot of driver that do n't take care of other road user . we should change the way we behave now . as the reason i given above , i insist that car will not be fewer in use in twenty year . cars are still paly impotant role in morden society . maybe , many year later , they will be replaced by other veihcle . but it position ca n't be changed in a short time .