environmental issue and sustainable development are and become more and more fashion everyday . some politician try to make those question unavoidable . for instance , al gore in the united states , ( ex-vice president under clinton 's administration ) who 's releasing a movie on global warming ; or to a lesser extent , in france where some intellectual would like to talk about the subject in the scope of the next election . in this oultook , in twenty year , will there be fewer car in use than there are today ? will they even disappear ? i do n't think so . our current world life under the influence of globalization . means of communication , physical or virtual , are playing more and more a sizeable role in our daily life . we build everyday bridge , motorway , we create network through internet optic wire all over the world . we live in a logistical world if i can put it this way . in this context , i hardly imagine the end of car , or the decrease in car number , which is surely the best mean of transport for all the citizen . futhermore , the emerging market consume more and more car and all car manufacturer already produce million of car for chinese people or indian people . in twenty year , we will not ` bury ' the car but , this latter will certainly take other form , a form that will le jeopardize the planet . i think about brazilian car that are already hybrid car . nevertheless , let 's not forget that more than 80 per cent of the population is urban . and , this major trend will go on . all the city are already totally overcrowded by car , full of congestion . all the city try to limit the number of car . london ha even implemented a tax to prevent people from driving in the city . in this context , we can think that in twenty year the number of car will decrease . thus , clean public transport or even bike or motorcycle will know a revival , will be born again . it 's conceivable . therefore , which of these two trend will prevail ? i hope the second one . ..