i agree with the statement that young people today do not give enough time to helping their comminities . this can be attributed to some of the social a well a educational problem that we are having today . firstly , the accumulation of wealth in our society ha made the life of the young today much easier than their father generation . the young usually lead comfortable life that they do not have to worry about anything . this type of life ha caused them to have a lack of experience of problem that people can meet in life and have little understanding of other people 's need . as a result , they may not have the initiative to take part in any community work . for example , a typical family in singapore enjoys the living standard of a developed country and the young people in the country mostly care about the popular star in the medium or in the sport only . they lack the caring attitude for other people and they do not care about the community work either . secondly , the education that young people received today mainly focus on academic and extra curriculum acitivities , which usually have high criterion for them to achieve . as a result the young will be likely to concentrate themselves on their respective school work only that they do not spare their time for community work . in the case of singapore , the student receive very high expectation from both their teacher and parent . many of them have to strive hard to achieve certain goal . in addition to that , the extra curriculum activity may occupy majority of their spare time including the time after school and the weekend so much that they may only be able to leave school after nine o'clock in the night each day . in circumstance like above , the student will not have the time to go for community work even if they wish to . the third reason to the little participation of young today in community work today may be attributed to the kind of education that they receive at home . in the case of singapore , the parent do not encourage the child to go out and get involved in community work because these are regarded a `` adults ' work '' . the young grown up in this kind of family background will have a natural notion to stay away from the community work . this may only apply to the case of singaproe , but for the case of many other country , some parent may try to influence the child not to getting involved in teh community work because these work do not bring them benefit ! the family education of this type may install a sense of selfishness in the young and restrain them from community work . in conclusion , the young people are not giving enough time to help their community , but it is not a problem that oriented from the young alone .