the more you know , the more valuable you are to your community . i agree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . the world we live in demand u to be better prepared , open-minded , and adapted to our surroundings ; technology allows u to reach specific important information when needed . taking a a reference the business world , every year we see how globalization grows in the country and how barrier disappear , creating the necessity of better prepared person that understand the interaction between several field of study , a well a the problem that are derived from these interaction . these person can identify and analyze problem or issue that arise and that need complex solution . eventough they are not expert in one specific subject , they can diagnose a situation and offer different solution according to what they know from many subject . in contrast , an individual specialized in only one subject might not be able to give value to the chain , and might just be looking for a mathematical solution , in the case he/she wa a mathematitian . improvements in technology allow people to research and learn the important point of an specific field in the case more detail or comprehension is needed for an specific situation . good quality information is available to everyone in just a few click in the internet . in an organization , a balance between the person that have a broad knowledge of many academic subject and person expert in one field ha to be considered . although expert in a field might not be capable to make a complex analysis and may lack a global vision of the situation , they might be useful to help solve an issue in the event that the solution is of his/her domain . having a broad knowledge of many topic enables you to give more value to your community or your business , by having a more open view of the daily situation that arise and by knowing where to find a solution or who is the right person who could fix a problem .