the rapid growth in the usage of car , especially in the last ten year , ha caused lot of both social and environmental problem to increase ; however , because of the fact that there is an rapid increase in the world 's population , the people are getting involved in several issue within a same day due to the increasing challenge , and that the car is known to be a symbol of so-called ` prestige ' , i believe there wo n't be fewer car in use ; rather an increase in the amount could be expected in twenty year . first of all , the rapid increase in the world 's population is unfortunately can not be prevented in most of the country . if we just think of the case that the world economy will not undergo severe damage in twenty year ; then it is a clear fact that the more the human born , the more the number of car that will be used will increase . if the newly built up , wide road are taken into account , we may even say that the demand for car will increase in a considerable amount . secondly , the life challange ha accelerated for people during the last year , making them get involved in several task even within a single day . for example , you could imagine a mother who ha ha the following task to do in a single day : bringing her little son to school , then going to work , completing lot of issue even by going somewhere else to trade and finally going back to her son 's school to get him back for the guitar lesson that he will have . without a doubt , she will prefer to use her own car , not the public transportation in order to accomplish her target in the fastest , most comfortable and convenient way . finally , in today 's world , it is unfortunately a fact that the car are seen a prestige element for the life of certain people such a bussinessmen or youth . they think themselves to have obtained a certain degree in public if they use their own , expensive , luxurious car . although this is very nonsense for a lot of u , we can never skip this fact in the increase of the car within the next tewnty year . as a conclusion , though the use of public transportation and so the decrease in the usage of car will solve most of the transportation , traffic-jam , sociological and environmental problem ; it come out to be a fact for me that ; there will not be any decrease in the usage of car within twenty year according to the problem of rapid growth in population , increase in the life challenge and the prestige that is thought to be obtained by using a car .