the life brings out too many alternative for a person for enjoying the life . the hard thing for him/her is being able to do that thing . the reason behind this `` ability '' can be the age , environmental factor or family situation . but if we consider only the age , i think young people enjoy life more than older people do . altough i am only twentytwo year old and have not experienced being old , i agree this statement from my observation . my basic argument and observation are a following ; young people have more physical ability than the do older people and they mainly do not think about all the apects of a situation these two help them while enjoying the life . first of all phisical ability are very important . because if a person is not able to go , do , or reach something there is going to be a limitation for him/her . for instance , i think that sea holiday are important experineces for people . although it seems relaxing , it contains traveling , adapting a different weather if the person ha gone a different place , and lastly sitting under the sun . these are very very vital element that can harm an old person 's health condition . he/she ha to think very carefully before going and if she/he is gone she/he ha to take care of himself/herself . but mainly young people do not have these kind of limitation and can go if the condition let them go . additionally , older people mainly think deeply about the situation that they face . i think this is an unconcious fact and a result of being experienced . the experience that they have help them to predict the result of the situation and they may hesitate about doing something . however , i think this case being unexperienced is more advantageous . bacause , a person with lack of experience doe not consider mainly the result of something . in this point i am not talking about considering the circumstance at that time . the point i want to reach is caring too much about the result and i think what the older people do is that . this make them too caringabout the result and limited . in conlusion , if only the age is considered , younger people have more advanteges for enjoying the life than the old people . but in fact it is not the only parameter for the enjoy a person ha from his/her life . an old person can enjoy life than do a young person if additional parameter like family condition are included in this statement .