i agree with the statement . in my opinion , successful people are the one who take more risk , try new thing and in doing so think out of the box . there are many example of such people who have been trendsetters and who are a feather in the cap of the classified league . let u look at mr. nr narayanmoorthy , who is the progenitor and edifice of a successful software company such a infosys . he started infosys with just 4 friend and a meagre sum of indian rupee ten thousand . he wa actively involved in politics before he decided to switch over to the field of software . nobody in his wildest of dream could have ever thought what narayanmoorthy did . his decision wa a bolt out of the blue for even his wife . but his acute vision and the gut to take calculated risk , scored over the potential danger and uncertaintees of failure . we now understand what he achieved when we look back at his feat in totality . infosys today is a fortune 500 company and india 's first company to be listed on the nasdaq . dhirubhai ambani of the reliance group , kumarmangalam birla of the aditya birla group and many more business tycoon from india stand testimony to the above fact . we can find such people in every field . amitabh bacchan from the field of entertainment and indian film industry is a living legend and ha shaped indian cinema in a way by taking immense risk . when there wa aromantic spate he differed and started the angry young man concept such people actually change the course of history and chart a new history . they bring about monumental change and thereby create history . they serve a lighthouse for similar people with similar attitude . successful people have strong vision , desire to succeed at any cost , focussed thought , tremendous zeal and enthusiasm for persistence and load of confidence to back them up . they in fact resemble the person who wa told that he would not be able to sell shoe on an island because people do not wear shoe and he retorted with the answer that this wa why exactly he would be easily able to sell shoe on the island . mahatma gandhi , of india who is considered to be the father of the nation liberated india from the british regime because he had tremendous ability to take risk in the right way and changed the face of the revolution . we can think of president bush in the united states , who ha taken tremendous risk by bombing iraq and avenging the dastardly act of the terrorist in the sep 9/11 attack . he probably faced immense opposition and criticism and he could have stayed silent , but he decided to get down the laid track and do something radical . this ha brought about tranquility in the us and ha shown the cudgel to those who feel that th us is a soft target . several leader in the field of business such a bill gates , warren buffet etc . th