which is the objective of advertising a product ? it is not to give the consumer a reason to buy that product ? if your answer to this quatino wa yes you will agree to think that is a good behavior to show product much better than they really are . now there are some rule on this that we are going to discus a well . in real life there are plenty of example that show u not just that this practice is really common , but that is a legimit way of positioning a product into the market of today . if you think about the tv advertisement of the mcdonald burger for example you will see enormous burger with a lot of thing inside and juicy meat . when you go to the restaurant and ask for that same burger you dont see it the same , right ? you think they are cheating you because is not the same thing they advertise . the answer is no , there is no cheating on that scenario . even they are showing something that may be different form the real product , the basic of the product are still the same . the thing that you think are changing like size , color , etc. it is just an ilution , a camera effect that affect the image presented on the screen , but not affect the product . here we just see one of the rule that i wa sepaking of . if the advertisement doe not change the basic of a product , you can play with the way you present it to the consumer . another great example is when a guy that is using a certain perfume is surrounded by beautifull woman . the product that it 's being advertised is the perfume itself , not the situation , or the fact that if you use that perfume you will be surrounded by beautifull woman . this is showing another rule for advertisement . in this case we are not changing anything in the product but we are creating an image of the kind of persn that will use that product and there is nothing wrong on that . having explained that . i will conclude that it is a valid thing to advertise product much better than they really are . this is one of the way company position their product into the market and introduce them to the costumer . they use this kind of technique to create some advantage about similar product that are present in the market .