some people say the successful people are the one who try new thing and take risk . on the one hand , that is true . on the other hand , successful people are also people who only do what they do the best . my point of view on that point is successful people are people who do both of these thing . first , a lot of successful people are people who tried new thing and concept and also took risk . the best illustration i can take on that point is steve job , ceo of apple . his company wa specialized in computer science . however , he decided to take the risk of a new market : the mp3 player market . now , he succeedeed in imposing his ipod a the reference in the market . almost everybody know what is an ipod and want to have one . the new marketing strategy he used is also an aspect of his success . with a good concept , new idea , and a great part of risk , people arrived to succeed but unfortunately this is not always the case . second , people also succeed by doing only what they know to do well . some person are very good in their specialization . they are even so good that they could not be replaced in a company and then access to leader role . for instance , my father wa a business engineer . he wa so good in what he did that he wa promoted every year until reaching the role of director of the sale . he did not have new concept and he did not take risk too but he succeeded very well in doing what he knew to the best and i consider him a a sucessful people . third , my point of view on the subject is the following : successful people are often people who try new thing and take risk in what they do well . i am convinced that if one is specialized in a domain and try new concept in that domain he ha more chance to success . for example , the person who created ebay is a very relevant illustration . he wa a computer science engineer and want to make a website for the exchange of stamp . that website became a true success and nowadays every kind of thing are exchanged on ebay . if he had opened a shop , i am not sure he would have obtained so much success in his company . to conclude , i do not totally agree with the statement . some people obtained success in trying new thing and taking risk but others also reach success by doing only what they do the best .