there is a growth in population . year by year , the estimated number of people on earth is multiplying . with this pupluation outburst , more car will have to be present to meet the need of the people . also , people are getting lazier each year and they will need a form of transportation to move them around . for those reason , i think that in twenty year there will be many more car in use than there are today . it ha been mentioned in more than one official estimate that there is an uncontrollable population growth in the world . in under-developed country such a the south asian country , for example india and pakistan , a normal family consists of six to eight child . in gulf country such a saudi arabia , kuwait , qatar or bahrain , a family is considered big only if the number of child exceeds six . now multiply those number with the number of family in each country and calculate how many people will be present in the world in twenty year . imagine how life would be if fewer car were used . how will people move from one location to another ? some argue that there are law these day preventing family from having too many baby . for instance , the chinese law that state that no family should have more than one child . even with those law , one can not stop the rapid growth in population . another arguement proposed is that woman these day are choosing not to marry for they have more job opportunity and can live independantly . new estimate show that the number of woman is larger the number of men so even if 25 % of the woman in the world decide not to marry , there will still be 75 % who are willing to settle down with a husband and have a many child a he want . population growth will continue to be a problem and more car will have to be produce to satisfy the people . unfortunately , each generation produced is lazier than the generation before it . by the time we reach the year 2026 ( keeping in mind that the year now is 2006 ) , the level of laziness will reach it peak . this is really sad but it is a fact that we must leard to deal with . people at that time in the future would n't want to move around on foot , or bicycle or any other form of transportation that would tire them . the only way to solve this problem is by having more car to satisfy the need of the generation will come . as my mother would always say , `` what a lazy generation ! '' if that is what she keep on saying about the present generation , imagine how it would be twenty year from now . it ha been said that because of the population growth , there must be fewer car . imagine life with so many car ! pollution will certainly be a problem , the street will be much more crowded and people will have problem reaching their destination in time for important meeting or deadline . as much a i am aware of this problem we have to shine light on another important point . men are very lazy . they would n't want to walk to reach their goal or ride the bike . unless a new method for transportation is invented that will not tire out the new generation , more car will have to be present by that time . population growth and the laziness of new generation are two main factor that will increase the number of car that will roam the street in the future . i am fully aware of the problem that will occur because of this but one can not live in denial all of his life . we need more car . how else are we going to move around ? unless a new solution is proposed for transporting comfortably from one place to another , car will continue to multiply in number a people do .