`` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' . my decision to agree or disagree on this topic might depend a lot on the definition of young people and old people . let u decide , for the sake of clarity that a young person is someone who is below the age of 25 , who is still in undergraduate college and older people are people above the age of 50 who have achieved financial security in their life and are about to attain their retirement age . still with this definition too , it hard to actually quantify enjoyment . looking at the situtation from a broader perspective though , i would sure say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . let me put forward a case which might explain my point in detail . take for example , the thing that young people do in their leisure time . they hang around with their girl friend / boy friend and other close friend , they party out , they go for movie , discotheque and they take pleasue from all sort of entertainment available on this planet . on the other hand , you would n't expect the same behaviour from older people . they would rather stay at home and enjoy the pleasure and warmth the home ha to provide . sipping by the sunday afternoon 's tea , eating biscuit , watching their grandson play in the garden is how many old people visualize their leisure time to be spent . they have actually witnessed a lot in the 50 year span of their life , that these little thing in nature bring a great deal of enjoyment to them than anything else . also , older people benefit a great deal through their experience . they know how the world work . they are better equiped with dealing the ups and down of life . also , they have financial security and are more cautious in the decision they make . thus , a great deal of your happiness depends on these small thing in life . older people are better organized in sorting out these small thing in life . on the other hand , most youth are in a confused state of mind . they 're still maturing day by day learning how cruel the world can be at time . also , they are not financially secure . young people often take decision in haste for which they repent later . thus , a we have seen above , `` enjoyment '' depends a great deal on how it is quantified and defined . it rather depends on a particular individual a to whether he ha enjoyed his life more in his youth or when his hair turned grey . but it so happens , that your best year are your undergraduate year when you study in college and are away from your parent . this is the time where you meet new people and foster relation that you remember them for the rest of your life . so looking objectively at the situation , young people can get a great deal out of life than their older counterpart can .