in the modern society , with the general growth of population and knowledge , more and more job and field of study are available . therefore , it ha become a difficult task to choose a way of study . is that better to specialize on a particular academic subject or to keep a good overall knowledge in many subject ? as far a i am concerned , i would first disagree with the idea that having a broad knowledge is the best thing to do . indeed , specialist are nowadays more than necessary because we are always discovering new thing and expending our knowledge . nobody can keep in touch with the latest discovery in every domain . for instance , one of my teacher is a searcher in a very specific field : model driven development in computer science . thanks to him and his colleague , new feature of programming have discovered and are now used by a lot of people . because this teacher ha been fond of his speciality since his childhood , he ha made and still make some important work on this particular field of computer science . moreover , when he is teaching u , we can fell he his giving u the latest and most accurate knowledge available . this help u understanding and appreciating the subject . thus , it can be a good thing to specialize in a specific domain mainly when you like it . on the other hand , it is important to say that it would n't be good if there were only specialist in our society . actually , a i just said , it is more and more difficult to know a lot of thing in many domain . so specialist concentrate on a special branch of a domain . sometimes , they can even work on very specific topic like `` how do the electron pas through the silicium in a transistor '' . this kind of work ha to be handled by people who are not really specialist but who know how the result of the research can be used . these person with a broad knowledge are also essential . they are the only one who can coordinate the work and give them some utility . they act a a manager in a company . in conclusion , i would say that both academic curriculae ( broad or specific ) can be good . at least , they are both useful in society . in fact , the choice depends on the personality of the student and the possibility in the university .