nelson mandela had once said `` great nations never form by individuals but by the community at large '' . in today 's era where every human being is on the lookout for his own personal meet , community service ha been long forgotten . i strongly agree with the statement that the younger generation have forgotten to help their own community . with the advent of new gadget like television , cable tv , videogames etc child of today never bother to come out of their home lest talk about helping the community . the world in the past ha witnessed many people , freedom fighter fighting for their own community working towards a betterment of the community . people like nelson mandela , mahatma gandhi have laid down their life for the betterment of the community . in today 's era fighting for freedom is not an important issue but there are other important issue to be handled and the need of the hour is to join hand and work for the upliftment of the community . the community need young fresh blood who can work with the same dedication and enthusiasm like the younger generation of the earlier time . there are old age home , charitable institute , laughing club for the old people who need care and support of people . the black in america faced quite a bit of problem in the early time but they had a force to deal with the situation spearheaded by sir nelson mandela who himself wa very young when he thought of rendering his service for his community . the younger generation nowdays belive in spending time with friend and peer mate discussing movie , game , entertainment etc but do not find time to spend some quality time with his/her own community people . a recent survey report also suggests that child in the us prefer subject like physical education and art to subject like community service . such subject on offer have also reduced considerably in the last decade because of the le number of student being enrolled in such subject . socializing is an aspect which ha been forgoten amongst the younger generation and child feel better rather more comfortable being cooped up at their own home with the source of entertainment being tv 's , internet and music . some factor maybe because of the fact that child now have extra work load in school or college and thus get le time to serve the community .