every year we get older and older and we do n't care of the change which happen . we often do n't notice the alteration brought by the passing of time . but in reality we should wonder if our life is not better when we are young . do n't people usually think that young people enjoy life more than older people do ? in this essay , we are first going to show the aspect of enjoying life a an elderly person and then we are going to talk about life when we are young . first we are considering the fact if elderly people reallz enjoy their life . on the one hand , elderly people are often lonely and have few friend . they live together in special house where no young people are . people in such home often lose their pleasure in life , because they are disconnected from the outstanding world . on the other hand elderly people are le attractive than younger people . they have also more health trouble and are often disprised by a lot of people . additionally , these people always live together and see no other people . this is why they also become more and more sad , because they notice that their are rejected by society and that nobody care about them . on the whole i would say that it is very difficult for elderly people to enjoy life , because they often are very lonely and have few friend who look after them . now we are going to see that young people can enjoy their live . first we can say that young people meet a lot of other people . they are always with friend , doing sport , playing game or enjoying their life . a lot of the time is spent in place where a lot people are and this give those people the opportunity to meet new people . secondly , young people are more attractive than elderly people are and they have no difficulty to find a boy-friend or a girl-friend . they are usually good looking which cause that they can better enjoy their live . thirdly they are well-off , are in a good shape and health and they can do what they want . their strength allows them to travel all over the world and see new place . furthermore there are not many limit which prevent them from beeing happy , because these young people have the whole life in front of them . these people often do n't have to worry , because their live will last for a long time . to conclude we see that , a time go by , we change and that these change affect our perception of life . when we are young we meet a lot of people , we are more attractive and we are well-off , which are all thing which disappear with the fact of becoming older . this is why i agree with the statement and find that young people enjoy life more than older people do .