some people is considered successful because they have achieved great success in their career , but what we have to think about is what make these people successful ? , is the fact that they only do what they know best or that they take risk by exploring new career path ? ; i will present some point that have to be considered before agreeing or disagreeing with the statement . to check more about the subject , let 's see an example : a business man , involved in the development of computer software , ha a company on which the people develop computer software product for other company who could need them . maybe he ha a degree on computer science on which he relies all the knowledge he ha about the computer industry , so he could develop product based on the need of today 's company just using what he know ; he only get to work with thing that he is sure that he can handle and he doe not try to get involved using new technology at all . the company could have a good season , but in this industry you have to be ahead and know what is coming . the problem with the example listed before , is that there are some time on which people have to take some risk if they want to succeed in their career , they have to try new thing , they have to know where the business are going , they have to be aware of the change made in the world with today 's globalization . new way of thinking are coming , new market have to be explored and new culture ( company ) will try to succeed in your own culture , your own market . global competition is stronger now and with all this coming in in just a few month , week or day , people have to learn how to take risk in new area , not just in the one they know well , because today 's company are trying to get more of the market . the more knowledge and experience a person could have in several area , the better he will do in the way of success . in conclusion , i agree with the statement shown before , because it applies quite right on today 's lifestyle on doing new thing on your job , offering new product and service , and getting ready for the globalization phenomenon that is taking place these day .