as a student i suppose that it is much useful to understand and learn idea and to demonstrate on the idea . i believe the most important thing that show if the student understood and learned something is that if a student can put his thought to the thing he learned . the education i am having now also teach me how to think and how to express my thought on certain topic and fact . the most certain example is when a student can express his or her opinion on history ; because history had happened in past and a student can change the history by his/her thought . for example if a war is lost and we know how it 's lost , a student can think of what he would do if it wa him and how his movement towards thing would be in that moment . if a student can express his thought of movement to somebody else i would believe that a student not just learned the fact also understood what happened in the past . he also learned it and would never forget it because he actually lived those moment in his mind . this is very important in understanding idea or thing happen . student must be interrfierd with the topic . another example is that student can learn a bunch formula in math in a lesson and by using those formula he can solve every question . but after a while if that student doe n't go back and study the formula he will forget them . what happened is student leanred the formula at that moment but he actually did n't understand them . so learning also becomes with going back and studying the thing that are learned . revision is very important in a student life . in our country most people work before 2 day from the exam and they memorize everything then they get an `` a '' on the exam . but after graduation there is this big exam oss and they ca n't memorize everything because they are judged on what they have learned in the past 5 year so they fail from oss and they ca n't go to a university . what happens to the thing they understood at the time doe n't become useful in their future and they ca n't be successful because their education did n't make them learned anything . as a matter of fact not only understanding is important , but learning and understanding is much more improtant than only understanding .