advertising is a medium by which people come to know about new market . new market mean new type of product , new model etc . only by believing the content of advertisement , people go for shopping . so advertisement always try to draw full attention of it 's audience . they do this to improve their sale . sometimes , the advertisement may contain false information . the advertiser should try to impress people but not give wrong information about their product . take the example of a cocacola soft drink company . scientists proved that the product of cocacola drink contain some pesticide . so all people stopped drinking of cocacola product . their market went down . again , after some month the company came out . the company started adevertising by famous hero . so the fan of that hero believed his statement mentioned in advertisement and again started drinking cocacola product . indirectly , the advertisement challenged the proof of scientist . some educated people may be confused in such situation . they may lose impression on advertisement . most adevertisers show their product much better than they really are . i can explain this with my personal experience . i bought one `` anti-dandruff '' shampoo after i saw one advertisement . according to the advertisement , it should remove total dandruff in 4 week . i used according to the insructions mentioned on the label . but i didnot find any improvement even after 4 month . sometimes people may be misguided by these type of advertisement . advertisements should not contain false information . it should reflect the real authenticity of the product . then only , people get good impression on advertisement . most people , while watching television always try to skip advertisement . because they know that they are fake advertisement . they may either change the channel for a while or they may engage in other work for that period . the company choose the advertising a a messenger to increase their market and to get some identity in people about their product . so they should be designed in such a way to get good impression by people .