many of the company believe that , the advertisement for the a product is crucial , vital for it presentation to the customer . and most of the customer believe the scene created by the advertisement wil come true when they buy this particular product . considering the reason behind these advertising activity make me to believe that too much of advertisement about one particular item indicates that it should have at least defect to cover . addition to this , i will support my opinion based on the fact that ; the life style that are promoted by the company , the reliability of the information presented and the threat to the uniqueness of our life . first of all , i am against the notion of the belief that , buying a product will change my life forever ( until the new product come into scene ) . many of the woman customer believe that , by using a particular brand of shampoo , they will have a hair like rapunzel , or the fourty-year-old woman will become `` chick '' by using anti-aging facial cream . so do we have fourty-year-old woman around ? with wrinkle ? subsequently , the advertisement try to sell the consumer the life style that is shown on the tv , not just the product itself . secondly , i am sure about that , the scene we watch are not totally true . the photography of the colorful , delightful food are mostly shot at the time when the food is half cooked . also , the hair in the shampoo advertisement wa first cleaned , polished and finally probably made with a sophisticated hair designer . every type of hair will look a the same a it appeared in the ad , if processed that much . consequently , advertisement are harmful for our unique life . out traditional clothes , our grandmother medication , all . . the color people like to wear should not be changed over season with fashion . do you belive that we wear the 60 clothes nowadays because of the advertisement we saw on each day , regarding the new fashion of the year ? everyone in this world will soon wear a jean in the future . it is not so diffucult to estimate what we will be wearing in the next future , just the same type of cloth . to conclude , the advertisement are harmful for our life , in the way that the life style that they offer , the scene that they create and threatens the uniqueness of our life .