the statement that there would be fewer car in use in the next twenty year compared to today seems a far fetched and over ambitious thought . the reason why i seriously doubt the authenticity of this claim are a follows . the car have been for the past century been considered one of the most reliable form of transport . it ha been employeed by people living in all sort of geographic location across the globe . these mechanical wonder are known to be convenient , and are durable enough to sustain a life time of10 - 15 year at a bare minimum . the skilled labour which is used for car maintenance is also present in abundance . thereby , its never a big problem if the car develops some flaw . so far , no such alternative ha come up which can actually substitute the car . agreed there have been a few problem in term of the pollution caused by the car engine which is leading to a sharp increase in global warming . but this doe n't really mean we need to discard the car altogether . all that is needed is some form of modification in the type of engine employeed in the car . for instance , gas engine could lead way to electic engine . also the recent development in the discovey and application of biodiesel could go a long way in ensuring that the car are in use for the decade to come . this sort out the much hyped problem of diminshing fossil fuel which had been used so far for operating the car . assuming that we do get a breakthrough technology today , which provides a more efficient and economically viable option to the car , i seriously doubt whether that transition from car to the newer option could be even half complete in a limited time span of 20 year . there are a number of practical and financial aspect involved which would impede such transition at a rapid pace . the powerful car manufacturer cant be expected to go out of business that soon . they employ million of skilled labour all over the world . and for the benefit of the global economy , increased usage and number of car is the required symptom . car manufacturing company will try their level best to ensure that car still remain a lucrative option for people by introducing modifiactions in the present car from time to time . the amount of money poured into research in improving the car is likely to make the car better , attractive and far more efficient . the much awaited use of artificial intelligence interfaced with car is already anticipated to create quite a stir . these next generation car can not be easily supplanted by any other form of transport , and if at all , then certainly not in next 20 year . it would be safe to say that car will continue to stay an integral part of our life in the coming decade and continue to enchant u .