this ha always been a controversial and complex question . as we do not hve a clear boarderline for the word '' young '' and `` old '' , it is complicated to judge this matter . in my oppinion , i think it depends . different people have different point of view of life . that is the most curcial reason why i think it depends . we can not simplily decide which enjoys better . to illustrate , when i wa little , i used to live near the coast , my grandmother often take me to the beach and tell me about her life and thing she felt happy about . i can feel the love and pure joy . we had a great time . i can tell from my feeling and her smile that we are all enjoying our life at that moment . we can feel the joy and happiness from the bottom of our heart . i do not think i can tell the difference between our joyfull giggle . thus , i can not tell who enjoys life more . we face various situation everyday . how we feel about these eveyday problem effect our feeling towards life . as some of the old people have come across many hardtimes their whole life , they seem to look blue everyday . some complains about the community frequently , the others often sit together and gossip about other people 's business . they never look satisfied and always feel dull . to me , i do not think they enjoy their life . they do not seem to understand the meaning of life -- to be confident and always believe that tomorrow is another day . when ever i see a little joyful kid passing by a old lady with unsatisfiction in her eye , i constantly believe that in some case , youth enjoy life more than eld . on the contray . nowdays thousand and thousand of youth are addicted to the internet , durgs , and all kind of harmful thing like that . they think they are estactic when they are doing the wrong thing . are they enjoying life a they think they are ? i believe the answer is i strongely oppose . comparing with the laugh we heard when an old couple celebrating their 60 anniversary , i think some young people should something from them . thus , i think it depends .