i agree with the statement on the idea that the best way to travel is when one is guided by someone that know the place . nevertheless , i disagree with it when it say that it necessaryly ha to be with a group led by a tour guide . my personal opinion is that traveling by one 's own sometimes can be a disaster , so i think that being guided is a good point . on the other hand , i think that travel group of people that doe not know each others are not a good combination . i will describe argument supporting it a well a i will refute travel group . first of all , i would like to stress the imporatance of knowing the place that one plan to visit . people usually visit large city where there are a huge variety of museum , atractions or bar . i strongly believe that it is almost impossible that one person can know such a big city without having lived there for a long period . therefore , it doe not make sense to visit a city that you already know . what i mean with this reasonement is that a group of traveler need a guide to completely take advantage of some place . in my personal opinion , the more one know the person that ha to guide , the more confortable and enjoying a travel could be . i also know that there are many travel guide book , some of them really complete ; however , i still think that knowing the best of a place is something that hardly can be learnt reading from a book . the second argue that i said i would describe is why i think that travel group are not the most suitable choice . a travel is something that people doe no usually do very often , it can be due to lack of money or free time . this fact inmediately make a travel be something to enjoy and not a rutine at all . i find that sometimes travel group , even more when they have a extrict schedual , do not allow you the necessary freedom to enjoy vacation . people usually have very stressed life and the last thing one need on vacation is to be more stressed with more scheduals and compulsory task . in addition , i find that traveling with a big group of unknown person is not a confortable and satisfactory a traveling only with friend , couple or family . these are the two main reason because i partly agree and disagree with the statement . to sum up , i would like to stress the importance of traveling with someone guiding ; and how unsuitable i find doing it with a group .