` do good and do it well ' . i firmly believe in this adage . i believe that an accomplishment in one academic subject can win laurel to an individual rather than basking in the false'glory ' of being the ` jack of all trade ' . according to me even if a person ha ha a broad knowledge rof many academic subject , it is of no good . scientifically , the human mind can register information only to a certain extent . when the information is of diverse nature and quantity , the brain tends to faulter , hence creating chaos in the mind of the individual . this ha an obvious impact-inadequate , misleading and incomplete information . besides the personal loss , it ha a profound impact on the people around the individual . the people grasp the so - called ` information ' , which is of no good to them , ultimately leading to incoherence in their mind too . this lead to a cumulative multiplication of misleading fact . it is analogous to an attempt to sail on two boat simultaneously . hence broad knowledge is not concise , not informative and at time misleading . it neither educates nor enlightens , infact it cause destruction in the long run . on the other hand , having specific , detailed knowledge regarding a subject not only satiates the individual , it is advantageous in the long run too . detailed knowledge regarding one subject lead to enhancement of personal skill . it foster the individual with self confidence . specialisation enables a person to put his knowledge to practical use . for instance , a scientist can carry out research on an issue only when he is well informed regarding the issue . at that instant it his detailed knowledge regarding that subject which count . if people did not have specific knowledge , innumerous mystery would have remained unfolded . as a famous adage say , ` too many cook , spoil the broth ' according to me , too many thought in the mind can also produce disastrous effect . we can not expect an individual to be painter , historian and a scientist at the same time ; rather we better not . specialisation take into account , scope for further improvement a well a further strenghtening of skill . so ultimately , it better to stick to one subject rather than misguiding yourself and the others by unneccesarily trying to gain knowledge