i agree , to a large extent , that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . but let u have a look at this phrase from a different viewpoint . specially , the young people do not have enough time for themselves so the deal come that where can they find time for helping the community . these day young people tend to be busy with their other source of entertainment , other medias of time spending etc . but these are just excuse of a sort and the real matter is that may be how busy a person is he/she can always find time to do what his/her preference is . so basically the young people mind have transformed to this extent that their belief pertaining to community helping are the lowest priority one . for example consider the extent of this phenomenon , that if there is a party or a live match of some sport , it is priority ` level one ' . and the priority level for community help/service basically never come into picture . this is what we call a a modern world . where people are connected through mobile , e-mail and chat , but what is the status or problem that the first door neighbour is facing we have no idea . we would prefer asking about our friend 's health on mail and chat but when it come to visiting them in reality there arise a lot of other problem , like time constraint and conveyance problem . so the same is the case with the young people nowadays , they would like to remain in connection with a lot of people and make friend with a many people a possible but only on chat and e-mail . but this is just the primary effect of the modern world on the youth , there are other serious effect also . the prime one of them is that the young people have lost the capability to adjust with people of all age and culture . they believe in only one group of friend they are living with and there is no body else they want to care about outside this group . so reluctancy on part of helping the community come automatically a a effect of the modern world 's leisure . but is this effect a mass phenomenon . in one sense yes . but not in all case there are people in the young generation also that believe in community and social work culture . but it can be observed that this kind of people are quite rare and not commonplace . though our culture and text are filled with lecture on group-functioning and team-work and social upliftment but seemingly it is very distressing to see that the kind of tool that the modern world ha provided to this generation are making them divulge of their own duty . but a they say that nothing is permanent and hopefully this culture will also come to an end and the people will start thinking and will soon realise the importance of helping the community since problem do not come to a community it come to a person and the community share it .