this may be true in the past , but not present . today older people enjoy life more than young people do in china . why ? it because that people 's point of view have changed a lot and young people generally have a lot to do . as competition for the chance of getting higher is more and more intense , young people have to study hard and spend most of their time on campus . take my nephew a an illustration . he is a high school student and will graduate next year . how long doe he study every day ? you may not believe in it , but it is true that he spends 16 hour per day studying . with such a heavy course load , do you think he could enjoy life ? is this case an individual ? of course not ! my nephew told me that all his classmate studied in that way when i asked him that why he studied so hard . what about young people who have graduated from college ? they are no exception ! they have to work hard to go to graduate school or find a job . neither would give them a break . today , it is quite common for young people even not to have time to go steady . for most of young people , they surely do not have time to enjoy on the contrast , older people have a lot of time to enjoy life since they have retired from work . as their son or daughter have married , they are free from duty now . they could travel around china or even around the world . they spend time watching and experiencing new thing . also , they can play game and watch film . what is more , they even can do everything ( of course , legal thing ) , a long a they want to do so , since they have time . every morning , i can see a lot of old people enjoying activity when i pas by a park . the changing of people 's view toward old people also contributes to the fact that old people can enjoy life more than young one . once old people are gerally not permitted to marry , but they can marry if they want now . from what i have discussed above , we may easily see that intead of enjoying life le than young people , old people genarally could enjoy life more than young one .