i agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . i believe so because i have been exposed to many advertisement which after some time ha been banned because of their unreliability and i have experienced many disappointment after buying a perfectly advertised product . almost every product come with beautiful and effective advertisement and for the first few week , many people pay for these product . however , after some time , organization which are supposed to control the unfair use of advertisement ban the sale of that product in the market due to wrong information given in the advertisement . to give a specific example , po , which is one of the largest oil company in turkey , recently announced their new oil product which contains some agricultural waste and product . the advertisement were great and every people owning a car , started preferring that company to buy the oil . this is mainly because they were told in the advertisement that the performance of their car would increase significantly with the use of that new product . however , after 3 week , the advertisement were banned from being shown in tv 's , because po could n't prove the performance increase of the new oil . this wa only one specific example and there are many other like this one which are caught by the controlling mechanism a well a which can not be caught . another reason why i think that advertisement make product seem better than they really are is that i have experienced some disappointment with the product for which i wa affected by their advertisement , to be more specific , i watch a movie by just looking at it advertisement . however this some of the time made me disappointed because the comment about the movie is generally exaggurated and one can never understand whether they are or not before watching the movie . i have read a lot of good comment on keloglan movie 's advertisement . the film wa however disgusting . these two summarizes