in today modern time every thing are developing at a very fast pace . the youth is in the fore front . but is the youth really delivering what is expected from it ? is it giving enough time to help it community . well i would be glad to say that yes the youth is delivering in this aspect also . the various youth organisation , active participation and awareness in varied stratum 's o society doe make me believe this . firstly we see various youth oraganisations existing at all level right from college level to society level and even state level . as it is rightly said the potential of tomorrow lie in the present , the current represenattion and effort of the youth we sholud have no doubt in seeing a bright future ahead . todays youth apart from individual intersets is seen involving in issue of community and country . the recent controvertial issue of reservations though must not have ended but ha defiantely indicated the large awareness and unity in youth . the incredible youth participation from all over the country ha indicated it strong presence . as we know youth have power both physically and mentally to bring change and it is being tapped . we find youth entering politics which until recent wa not a trend . today we do see young individual entering politics with a intention to improve life . their ha been realisation that youth ha to have a say on bigger and imporatant issue . we have student representing country at international level and voicing their opinion . to those who say that today youth is only interested in fun and personel achievement i would like to tell them that such individual are wrongly interpreted . youths are generally mistaken to refrain from social funtions and lost in their own friend circle . i would like to say is that youth may have it own way of contributing to community . for example a youth may prefer going for a movie or chilling out with friend in his spare time but he may not delay in coming ahead in contributing when it matter the most . there is a crucial phase in every individual life where one ha to focus on certain aspect of life . thus when young one will always want to have a personal security first then think about others or society in particular . thus for young people at critical stage of career may seem to limiting themselves but are defianately not making them negligent towards community . i believe the community doe get the input from young people and with the various point discussed above we can have a positive and encouraging future for sure .