in a modern society , people always face the dilemma to believe whether advertisement make product seem much better than they really are or not . the problem is the much debated one in that it affect everybody in their daily life . people may prefer one to another , some may have no idea about it at all . before rendering my opinion , i think it is necessary to take a glance at the argument of both side . it is quite easy for average people to believe that most advertisement make product not seem much better than they really are . but at a mean time , althought believeing most advertisement make product not seem much better than they rally are ha some advertages , it also ha many drawback , such a they miss the real good product . therefore we have no complete evidence to suggest that most advertisement make product not seem much better than they really are . what is more , the innate quality of most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are , is ofter underestimated ; in other word , if you notice the invisible benefit of most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . here i would explain a few of the most important reason . the main reason why people believe that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are is that because of buying to many pool quality product , people do n't believe advertisement any more . for example , my mother saw a very good make-up in the advertisement , then she brought it a a high price . but it wa n't good a it say in the advertisement . in addition , the further reason why i admir it is that the you feel some advertisement are not real , the story of the advertisement will not happen in our life . to explain this point , there is an appropriate example that an story of a advertisement is talking about the talking between two cat to sell the cat food . but you know it will not happen . if all of the factor above are considered , we can come to the conclusion that most adbertisements make product seem much better than they really are . people can choose better product when they notice this point .