i disagree with this statement because there are a lot of way to travel . you can travel alone or with a gruop , with a guide or without guide , all of these depend of the motivation of your trip . i think the best way to travel will depend of the motivation of your trip . maybe if you want to expend so time quitely to relax yourself or maybe to meditate , you will prefer travel alone without guide . the motivation in that kind of trip is only relax and have a good time . some people need these time , in this rush society where all the thing pas very fast . some poeple need space to enjoy and have time to theirselves . for these reason i believe if you decide have your time the best way to travel is alone . but in other way is you want enjoy and take a trip for education reason you will choose go with a group and guide . the guide will give direction and inform you about the place you will go . in this ocasion i think the best way to travel is in group because in the group you can share idea , information and you can learn in social enviroment . other example that ilustrate my point is this : supose two men decided make a trip for el yunque ( forest in puerto rico ) . the motivation of the first person is have a good time with friend and explore all the forest , but hte motivation of the second person is pas a good time reading in the high of the mountain . the first person will agree that the best way to travel is in group led by a tour guide , but the second person will agree that the best way to travel is been alone , without guide . for me this example ilustrated my point . this statement depend directly for the motivation or the intention of the trip . i could n't decided until i can figurate why i want make this trip . perhaps i decided that the decision depend of your motivation , most of the time i choose travel in group and in my experience a enjoy a lot when i travel in group . for me is great go with my friend to other contries to explore . this is my experience but in conclusion i agree with this statemen : `` the best way to travel is travel that are accomplish with your motivation '' .