yes , it is correct to say that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept rather than learning them . if a student learns a fact or a text then it wo n't last longer in his mind whereas if a student understand a fact through example and reason then the fact would last longer in his mind because thing done practically ha a greater impact then thing done theoritically . for example , if a chemistry book a procedure for making a soap is given then a student learn how to make a soap efficiently . he would rather come to know the procedure to make a soap if he learns the process . but on oter hand if a student make a soap practically then he would not need to learn the procedure . its just the understanding power of a person which work throughout his life , not the learning power . lets take an another example : if a student is being prepared for the interview for getting a scholarship and the teacher are preparing him for the interview by simply giving him the list of question , which is expected to be asked from the student , with answer and the student memorises the answer to each and every question . incase the student selection commitee for the scholarship asks the student a question which is out of that list or may be from the list but with the different text , then a student wo n't be able to answer the question . whereas , if the student had undestood the question and the manner how to answer the question then it would n't had create any problem for this student to answer . student life is the base of the whole life and if we are misguided at this point of life then it would surely create problem in future . learning a concept wo n't help a student to perform better . if we take maths a subject then the student with the habit of learning wo n't be able to crack the question in math a the subject need the understanding power of the student to understand the concept . therefore in my opinion , a student should always understand the concept rather than learning them .