i agree to the idea that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . there are three reason supporting my idea ; no free time for young people , no space for them to help the society , and lack of corelate experience with others . first of all , the young people seem losing their free time . since now is the competing era , they need to work a hard a they can to get the `` good education '' , which suppose to give them the better future . therefore , young people , including child , are expected to spent a much time a they can make for the prepartion for the coming `` test '' . increasing in number of the cram school , especially the one for young people , crealy show the fact that many young pepople are spenting most of their time to study . thus , there will be no time for them to help their community . second , there are no space or role for them to help the society . nowadays , there are so many crime that are done by young people . therefore , people are suspecting on the young people . as a result , even young people willing to help the society , limited space are available for them . for example , if the student want to help to wipe off the snow in the deep-snow city , they are checked their name , and school they are going before they can help . if the school is one of that `` lower level '' school , they will not be able to help them because of the possibility that the one will cheet the community . as a result , we can say that even young people want to help the society , the society reject them . finally , young people lose their chance to have the experience of good co-relationship with others . because of the lower rate to get job , people are competing all the time ; there are many `` enemy '' for the young people . as a result , having good corelationship with others , the core idea of helping the community , is hard task for them to think about . if they can not feel the importance of helping each other , they will not think to spent their little free time to help their community . in conclusion , because they are busy , are rejected by society , and have no such idea a corelation with others , young people are not helping their community , in my point of view . all of those factor are strongly connected for the