i do not agree with the statement saying there will be fewer car in use in twenty year . first of all , car industry will not allow such thing to happen . in some company , car are deliberately built to last le than 10 year , so the owner will buy new car more often . they consistently produce more car and way to encourage people to buy and use them . in some country , even the government encourages automobile consuming . those country build more and more road and also expand the already existing one , so more car can easily get on the road . the government , or the city planner , could have built more railway and mass transportation instead of more road if they wanted to reduce traffic and pollution , but the government fear that the automobile industry , which is a major part of the country 's economic , will fail to increase if they take such policy . building more road instead of building complicated mass transport system might also be in fact a cheaper solution , and the only solution available at that time for reducing traffic in the short term . the second aspect of using car is that the people who have been driving will not easily go back to walking or using mass transportation unless it is a much better substitute for driving . driving and having an own car give you the kind of privacy not easily gained by using mass transport , and going back to an old habit need a lot of determination . the type of car used today might be used fewer in the future , but new and better type or car will dominate the future . the downside of driving wa to have to concentrate on driving and keep an eye on the road , but more and more technical developement allow driver to drive le and let the artificial intelligence do the work . there will also be car with le , hopefully no pollution . the car will almost definately be much le noisy than the one today . the comfort of driving or riding on car will consistently increase , because the company investigate for reserches in those area . because of these reason , the overall number of car and the usage of them is more likely to increase than decrease .