i agree to the statement that successful people try news thing and take risk rather than doing what they already know . taking risk is a trait i consider most necessary for success . and successful people are master of this trait . one can not discover new shore without willing to lose sight of the shore . taking risk is the first step to innovation . progress is marked by innovation . and innovation occur only when people take risk and try to bring about something new . the key element for an individual to succeed is to innovate and bring about new idea . if one keep doing what he is good at , there is no learning and no progress . consider an example of one of the business great in the world , bill gates . he came up with a product microsoft which wa totally new when it began . but now it ha captured the world market in computer . he is the richest and the most successful man professionally . to bring about anything new in business , taking risk is the first step . there is a risk of the product failing miserably in the market . but at the same time , you can never know the true potential of your product until you take that risk and bring it into the market . i have known a sportsman more closer to home who chose sport over academic despite his parent and peer wanting him to go to college and get a degree . now he is a sport star that his parent are proud of . had he not taken the risk of going against his parent and following his heart , he would not be a successful a he is today . i also know of a friend in my field who quit a lucrative job bringing him a fat salary to pursue wild life photography . not many people would have taken that huge a risk of putting their already established career into jeopardy . but this friend is now well recognized and contirbutes to the national geographic channel on television . he is a very well recognized wild life photographer . if one would just go about doing what he know well all his life , then he would never get a chance to realized what his other potential are . there could be a lot of talent in him . unless he take risk and explores them , they would remain hidden . if the wright brothers had not taken that first risk of flight , there would be no aeroplane today . sticking to norm and doing what you know the best all along would stunt growth . hence , i believe that taking risk and venturing to do something new is the key to success .