in my opinion it is better and give you more advantage having broad knowledge of several academic subject than specializing in only one subject . this can also be seen in daily life : it 's always good to have common knowledge . to have a wide information pool can connects the single knowledge of each subject . this give a good way how to manage problem and solution in a certain subject . for example in my study electrical engineering and information technolgy , if you have knowledge in a subject image processing you gain more advantage in mastering the other subject computer vision since the two subject share paralle and almost same information . that mean by a broad knowledge the single information of each subject completes each other . that way you , the knowledge holder , have different aspect and view how to solve a problem a an engineer . nowadays it is really essential to have an interdiscipline knowledge a a researcher . the classical thought of having one product in only a specialzised subject region is not up to date . as a researcher or engineer you might have to provide a solid interdiscipline knowledge basis in order to do work out your research or doing your job . taking medical engineering for instance , this subject for it own consists of several other subject : you need to have knowledge about medical part and engineering aspect a well . e.g. in order to procede minimal-invasive operation a a doctor you must not only know the way how a human body work , you also need the knowledge how to manage those surgical instrument like a laparoscope , endostitches etc . last but not least by having a wide knowledge information pool you can work out problem a well in a team build up of different researcher . for example , the team with people having wider information on different topic and subject can better communicate with each other since the interface between them is provided by having a broad knowledge . that way communication problem concerning stuff from different nature can be handled easier than not having those interface . for me a a result of those mentioned fact i think to have a broad knowledge is very crucial nowadays in order to competete with others researcher and mostly to interact with them easier .