i disagree with the statement `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . in this essay i will state the reason why i am against this idea . more often than not , people choose to travel in a goup led by a tour guide because they are either not familiar with the place where they are trvaeling or not familiar with the langauage . therefore , they are afraid of having trouble and have no way to ask for help . with the advanced technology , it can not be easier to find information about the place you plan to visit . you can book air ticket and hotel and rent car online . you can download map of the city you are visiting and carry them with you so that you are le likely to get lost . as for the language problem , with more and more people traveling around the world , local people more or le learn to speak several language relating to their main source of tourism . moreover , how much language will be required to travel a place ? not much , i think . when you are doing sightseeing , you do not talk . when you are shopping , you just need to know the price and you just simply look at price tag . when you are ordering food , you just need to know what is on the menu . even though you can not read , there are always picture . i prefer to travel with friend without a tour guide . i enjoy more freedom by doing so . there is no tight schedule to meet . plans are always flexible . most important of all , i am not always in a rush . i can stay in a place a long a i wish . by traveling alone or with friend , i have more opportunity to experience local culture and to observe the way local people live . i am not in a hurry to run from this place to another . when i find something interesting , i can stay longer to find out more . this in turn contributes more to my memory than just storming from place to place taking picture . to sum up , traveling by oneself not with a group benefit traveler more . even though there might be more preparation work to do before setting out , you learn and gain more after coming back from the trip . in my point of view , people learn to be independent by traveling alone to a foreign country . taking myself a an example , i always travel alone and i find myself grow up a bit after every trip .