i oppose to the saying that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community because they are given more time and chance to help others in their community and they indeed do so . the reason also includes the fact that it is hard to define how much time for young people is `` enough '' in helping others in their community . my opinion is that helping in community , anyway , is not supposed to be the center of the life of young people . first of all , it should be noticed that more and more educational system take community service a a part of task that student have to do . by doing this , student , in fact , are given more time and chance to help others in their community . and in reality , it work well in many system . take my personal experience a an example . in my high school , everyone ha to choose at least one service called `` social service '' . instead of having class in afternoon , we go to local family , primary school , immigrant center to help others of the community . my social service is going to `` school of peace '' every friday afternoon and playing with the child there . my classmate and i spent a lot of time there last semester . therefore , saying that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping community is too general and regardless of the better reality . secondly , some people might ask , `` how much time should young people spend in helping their community ? '' it is hard to say and define . however , it is widely accepted that the focus of young people should be studying . if a youth doe not have enough knowledge or skill , how can he or she help the others ? in their age , they are supposed to expose themselves to different field of knowledge and take advantage from them . later in their life , after they are fully educated , they will have chance , time and wish to devote themselves to helping others in their community . to sum up , i think that now young people are spending a lot of time in helping their community and the time is enough . on one hand , being involved in community service is becoming a part of education in increasing number of education system . the youth are spending a lot of time in community . on the other hand , the time that have been used by them to community service is enough already for the fact that learning is the primary task that they should focus on at their age anyway .