some people think that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . i personally believe that is is more important for student to understand idea and concept because these are the neccessary source to understand how a fact occurs and idea and concept are neccessary to develop and discover new fact and it consequence . first , it is more important for student to understand idea and concept instead of fact because idea and concept are the neccessary source to understand how the fact occur . when you see a fact occur you only see what happened but you do not know what is the cientific explanaition for this fact . for instance , if you have seen a stone falling down from the top floor of a building you know that when you throught a stone from a high place , the stone fall down , but you do not why what phisical aspect caused it . furtheremore , when you know how a fact occurs you understand better the consequence of this fact and you will be able to pronosticate the result of some fact . for example , if you know why window crash when you throught a stone to it , you will be able to know that is it not good to throught stone into window because they crash . hence , to understand the concept and idea that make the fact happend is better that to know only the result of some act . second , it is more important for student to understand idea and concept instead fact because they are neccessary to develop and discover new concequences of certain act . when you know how make something you would be in possibility to investigate more about this phenomenom and attempt to prove a diferent way to make it in oder to see if the result change . for instance , if you know why fire on , then you will try to discover other way to make fire using another material never used . moreover , when nyou know why a fact occurs , you will also know how avoid that a fact occurs . for example , if you know that driving drunk could produce an accident , obviously you do not drive drunk anymore . therefore , to know how the fact occur is very important for life . to sum up , i am strongly conviced that understand the idea and concept that make that a fact occurs is better and usefull that only know a fact a a consequence from one or more act . in my case , always try to know how and why a fact occurs in order to understand the main idea from such phenomenom . after all , life is a several kind of fact and you must konw them