the development of humanity cause new problem to be solved by the society . the way people act change a new generation come to life . a new generation mean new trend , value , and behavior . as a matter of fact , these change are not always positive one . the youth today face a variety of problem . an important concern about young people is that they do not give enough time to helping their community . all child evolve into young adult during the process of their growth . it is a self challenging process for many , a time peroid when an individual discovers his taste , idea , belief and most importantly his place in the society . the usual respond to this finding is a denial . many teenager would rebel against the system , thinking that they should have more freedom to express themselves . this is quite understandable in most case ; however , individualism could turn into a dangerous ideology if precaution are not taken . for example , a young person might reason that he doe not have to keep the street clean because he did not make them dirty , or he might find himself believing in the idea that old people do not deserve help because they have no practical use . in addition , there many distraction made to young people 's life . all new technology , dvds , video game and stereo make it impossible for the youth to be aware of community 's problem . sadly , more young people come materialistic each day ; le and le teenager have interest in world issue and politics . young people , in essence , are unfortunately slave of conformity . their goal is to be `` cool '' . helping the community and becoming responsible people are not considered a `` cool '' by young people . inevitably , young people start to do thing that are imposed on them by their friend , which eventually lead to a decrease in their involvement in their community . the value and ideology of young people sometimes lead them into wrong path . nowadays , the youth is careless about their community and it need . surely change is an inevitable characteristic of life that is going to affect everyone in the world . the youth 's attitude ha changed over time and became more aggressive . it is vital to educate and rise up the youth in a way that guarantee the future of our world