young people often believe that they have the possibility to enjoy their life more than other can and that the quality of their current life is much higher than it would be when they will be much older . my opinion is totally different . the degree of enjoying your life belongs to your mentality of managing your life . that mean to manage the good and the bad thing that can happen to you in life . when people are young they know that they have know more opportunity than a child have . they are discovering many new and exciting event . and when they attempt to imagine how they can manage all these wonderful thing in the age of fifty or sixty , their assumption is that everything would be more boring , because there is nothing new to discover for you . to illustrate that argument imagine your first time in the cinema . it will never be the same again , even if there will be produced thousends of new film every year . but when i take a look at me . i see that going to the cinema is a interesting a is wa the first time . the point is that now my emphasis is put on the new film and no longer on the cinema itself . another strong argument for having a better life a young people is that your body is stronger than it will be in a higher age . thus younger people can make various activity such a sport or adventure trip . my persuasion is that when you become older your body loos some skill not from one to another day . this is a process of many year and you have time to learn to handle this . as your body is becoming older your interest will change . while younger people often like sport older people enjoy sport like fishing or going into the opera etc . to conclude the previous argument i would like to express my disagreement with the presented phrase . it is up to yourself to feel good in higher age and to enjoy life . if you would ask older people how they think about the life of today younger generation they would probably not feel well of imagining theirself in this situation .