nowadays , most company if not all of them , rely on advertisement to make a certain product or object known and valuable . they actually use the advertisement to compete with other company and sell more . however , are the advertisement the real image of what product really are , and how much they cost ? unfortunately , most customer are getting a `` disappointed '' feeling when buying a certain product , or after having bought it . for example , when we see an advertisement about a car , the price is usually without tax , and without any option . however , when the customer see the panel , he would get excited about the price meeting his own budget . so he would go and prepare his saving and tell everyone about it . then , when buying the car , the company would tell him : '' excuse me sir , do you need it with an automatic transmission ? do you want the window to be electrically controlled ? '' and with every question coming , the customer 's smile would give place to a sarcastic and fake smile , that would totally disappear with : `` excuse me sir , this price wa without tax . '' now , can the customer change his mind after the price increased by a couple of thousand of dollar ? it 's not that easy , after having sold his own car , for example , and having told everyone about the new vehicle he wa going to buy . on the other side , some company have the option to refund their customer if they are n't satisfied about the product . however , how many customer will actually have the time to go and ask for a refund about his product ? in addition , will it be a total refund ? in most case it is not . they would try to sell you another product instead of the older one . finally , we can realise nowadays that most of what we see on television and panel is n't true . `` lying '' to people will actually make company lose on the long run , because a disappointed customer will not come back . therefore , every company is in a dilemna between `` showing off '' and losing on the long run , and giving the world the real image of their product .