young mindes and the energy associated with them are the nation greatest resource . a `` youth '' ha the power to change the complete outlook of the society over any topic . i believe that youth can turn government , idea , style of leaving and any thing that one can imagine about . but , the sadest part of today complex society come when we realize that youth of today are much more involved in there own life , struggling with there own problem and therby restricting there potential towards changing the society for the betterment of it . there are several resons for these changing behaviour a listed below . firstly , in today complex life , where the life ha gone so busy ; it is becoming hard to find time with your our own family 's , how can one think about changing society outlook and helping the society for it benefit . mostly youth are into some form of educatiuonal institute and a the competition and technology improves more and more material get added to their syllabus and in turn landing them with lesser and lesser time for other activity . secondly , most of the nation today are ruled by corrupted officer and governing bobies . most of the young population at that age seems to be seeking to learn more about like and it principal ; but when they realise this ugly corrupt reality of today 's society they often tend to ignore it and show disinterest in it . this not only lead to the deterioration of youth courage and moral but also prevents society from any improvemnt over the current corrupt situation . thirdly , sometimes it is found that in many educational system the youth is never encouraged and exposed to the real society around him . he/she is mostly in his own world thinking about his local problem and never developing broader outlook towards like . this prevents society from the benefit they can achieve out of youth . so , all in all i agree with the statement that today `` youths '' do not give enough time to help the community . the major reason for these behaviour can be identified a much complex and busy life , disinterest in the current corrupt society and lack of encouragment to do community welfare service .