the purpose of traveling is to discover and explore more of what the world ha to offer . it is a chance for someone to fulfil their curiosity and their imagination . there are many way to travel and explore . someone may choose to travel alone or accompanied by a group . most of the time , the group is led by a tour guide who is an expert on the history , past , and site of that specific area . other peole travel alone because they do not have a specific destination , and would rather explore at their own pace . i beleive that everyone ha different interest , and that the standard tour will not necessarly satisfy everyone . i think that there are more benefit to traveling alone than traveling in a group , and being led by a tour guide . one of the major advantage is the fact that the person is able to solely visit the site that he/she is interested in , and therefore is able to spend more time at that location a oppose to having to report at an other location that may be le interesting to him/her . i also think that everyone travel for a different reason . some travel to make research about an area or a subject that is fascinating to them , while others do not have a specific goal . traveling in group will not allow someone whose intention is to research to fulfill his need . that person would need time to focus on his/her area of study without interruption or limitation . there may also be some difficulty when traveling alone . one of the most common one is that the tourist who is not familiar with the location may not be able to locate him/herself and find the historical site . the history and information about each site that a tour guide provides may not be available . i personally disagree with the statement because i do not think that someone should limited when traveling . i think that before traveling , a person should make some research and familiarize him/herself with the area he / she will be visiting , and define his/her priority . no one know what the world ha to offer until all the possibility have been explored . i also beleive that the true and best way to explore the world is alone .