the population is not determined in two cathegories , the successful and non-successful . hopefully , there is many variety of people between those two catergories and social rank can by climbed . a person may be successful during a period of his life and then for the rest of his life become non-successful . today , many people that can be called ` successful ' have accomplished this by taking risk such a donald trumps that risk to loose it fortune everytime he finance a new project . howerver more common people have archive their ` successfulness ' by taking risk such a my neightbor that ha come to the united state in order to get a better futur . not only ha he accomplished that , but by risking everything to come to the usa he ha now became a successful buisness man . other people have taken risk but hve accomplish nothing . that proof that bieng successful is not about taking risk but also thinking wisely . for example , a mathmaticien might on day decide to quit math even if it is what he doe best and to becom an artist . maybe he will becom well know and will becom ` successful ' . at the opposit a tumandous violon player might choose to stay with violon during it life and not change to the piano . the violonist will gain internal recognition weather if he decided to become a pianist , he might have ended up a a mediocre player . if people had chosen not do do what they did beast , what would the world be today ? bill gates might have decided not to go in electronic and so , micosoft would not have existed . maybe great poeple such a monet , o keef , picasso would never have become artist . ben franclin might have been an merchand and jhonny depp an electician . however with ` if ' you can redo the world . no one know what would have happened if all those succeful peoplehad taken a risk and nver did what they do the best . being successful is not about taking risk or not , it is about having goal , determination and fate . without those qualites no on can ever become successful , for they will let go at any difficulty they encounter .