`` the new generation '' is a very critisized topic these day . young people often give out the example of a modernised generation who care about nothing but temselves and how to stay entertained . even though young people always seem to be preocupied with themselves , they do care , in a way , about helping their community . it is true that they do not show it a much a older people do but that doe not mean that this new generation doe not care about helping their community . after all , they are part of their community , so by helping it they end up helping themselves . for example , young people will tend to help their community by making it seem more enjoyable . they will plan numerous activity for different event , like trick or treeting and costume party for halaween . by doing that they entertain people of all sort of age : child will be happy a well a their parent who will enjoy spending time with their family . now of course this example might not be very revealent for older people who think that by helping the community you must decrease the number of unemployment , help the elderly , organise charity event . .. but younger people , are not always aware of the importance of these sort of problem , which is why they do not give it attention . this doe mean that teenager do not care about these social problem but it will take more time for them to understand how important they are for the community . by saying that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community '' , we give out the impression that they are spoiled kid who do not give attention to their environment . that is why i disagree with this statement . both teenager and child help their society by not even noticing . for example , they are aware of not throwing their rubbish on the street . by knowing that they help decrease the pollution rising in our world today . of course , they would not be helping their communtity a much a adult do , but it is a fresh good start that prof that this lack of care of the `` new generation '' is not always true .