i agree with this statement that the car now are used more than last and with big number . in addition , the resource of energy play an important role in my decision and affect the existance of large number of car in the last twenty year . in the begining , we have to know that the resource of energy have been developed through the last decade . first , people relied on themselves in transportation then they began to depend on animal like hours and camel . then more resource began to appear like the resource of the steam energy which could be developed after the appearance of the cook . then the development continued until the finding of the petrolum . then the activity of this type spread alot and continues till now in it growthing . the oil ( a part of the petrolum component ) drived alot of field in the improving and developing of car ' invention . the manufacturing process of car are now one of the biggest industry in the world . that the oil become availabe in many country and there is a good reserve for it . also , the iron factory which become more advanced and ha the ability of providing large amount of it for the process . indeed , the high technology that appeared in the recent year in the field of improving the characteristic of material used in the industrial which help to invent new one which can bear the impact well and have small weight . in fact , this process are in conjuction with development of material in the industry that it made the reducing of impairment in many material increasing their quality and decreasing their cost . these factor affected the manufacturing process of car and lead to have a lot of car and with differents technology and model . also , the car available now have a high range of cost which are suitable to many people to have one of them . finally , we see the development happened to the energy resource and the appearance of a new one by the petrolum . this new type affect the manufacturing of car since it is available in many place and with large amount . also , the enhancement happened for the manufacturing of iron and the charactersitcs of material used in the body of car . also , we see the effect which lead to have a lot of car with considerable cost so many people could have and then the number of car increased .