i believe that a student should take care of both understanding concept and lerning fact . particuarly i am firmly convinced that a good education should provide enough information to be learned and enough concept to be understood . depending on the class or the study sector , one of these aspect can be prevalent but i 'm sure they should be both present . in an engineering faculty indeed a student should probably give more importance to concept understanding , while in a medicine faculty information , fact are more important . non the le i believe that concept require a lot of information to be understood and aslo fact can be learned after having understood some concept . i can give an example based on my personal experience . i am a civil engineer , and of course i learned a lot of information during mu univeristy career . these information , studied in math , physic and geometry class , were essential for understanding how a bridge or a building react to load or earthquake . viceversa a medical doctor can make a good diagnosis , and understand what actually cause a certain deseas only if he/she did learn the related sympthoms in book . some student give probably more importance to understand idea because they find understanding easier and quicker than learning . studying can be in fact boring when it requires too much time , but i think this is not a good approach for reaching a good culture and especially for having an effective background education . as student and worker i am convinced that what we understand and learn in school or univerisuty i s the key factor of our future success in life . particularly i do n't see any chance of success for all the people that learn everything without understanding also something , because they would not be able to adapt their knowledge to the reality of their job . viceversa , and in conclusion , i do n't think that a person can do a good job if she/he ha not a sufficient background of information learned in school or unveristy .