`` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . '' in the present day there are too many car too le parking space and the road are being crowded because of this reason . to avoid such disruption one possible way is to have fewer car in use after twenty year than there are today . the main disadvantage of too many car is pollution both air and noise . another problem is accident involving car especially have increased over the past few year . the declining of the fossil fuel and petroleum produst might be another reason for decreasing the number of car . decreasing the number of car would decrease trafic and people would be able to travel easily . in future it would enable u to reduce pollution caused by car mainly air pollution . this is because air pollution is one of the cause for ozone depletion resulting global warming . many tree are cut for increasing parking space or making new road which increase global warming . but if there are fewer car more tree can be planted . noise pollution will reduce automatically with the use of fewer car and may infact not exist any more . car accident are increasing because of reckless driving or driving the car under influence of alcohol or drug . people who own car do not feel resposible to anyone and hence some of them do not follw trafic rule such a wearing the seat belt . not only the person commiting the mistake is paying but also other people who are on the same road a the person commiting the mistake . most of the time these accident are due to teenager or student who just got their license ( some may drive without a license ) . all such thing could be avoided if there were fewer car which belonged only to responsible people . fossil fuel and petroleum product have been depleting very rapidly over the past few year in the western country and it ha become very costly to buy it from middle-eastern country . hence limited number of car would help in saving the remaining fossil fuel and also avert many other disaster caused because of car .