i agree with the statement . i think most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . the company often mislead the customer by putting exception in very small print , by over exaggerating , and by using famous actor and athlete in their advertisement . first of all , when i pay close attention to advertisement , i often see advertisement with very small print at the bottom that are hard to see . those print state exception . for example , the advertisement may say , `` 80 % of people lose weight by using this product ! '' however , i may see a print at the bottom that say , `` this is not based on scientific data . '' this is just one type of the `` exception '' that most people do n't catch . additionally , the company use catch phrase all the time to attract customer . they often exaggerate too much . for example , the advertisement of pill losing weight might say , `` do n't you want to look like a model ? by taking this pill , you can become really skinny easily like top model ! '' do n't you think this catch phrase is a bit awkward ? pills do not make you look like a super model . it exggerates way too much . moreover , the company often use famous actor , actress , or athlete in their advertisement . for example , sport company , such a nike , adidas , or puma , might use micheal jordan when advertising for basketball shoe . cosmetic company often use beautiful actress . the costomers assume that the actress us that product and buy that product . also , in advertising for medicine , they company use doctor and nurse who seem to know what they are talking about . by using professional of each area , the company are able to convince more customer . doctors are much convincing when talking about medicine rather than having some random shop keeper talking about the topic even if they were saying same thing . to summerize , i agree with the statement , most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . the company often mislead the customer by putting exception in very small print , by over exaggerating , and by using famous actor , athlete , and professional in their advertisement . however , you can not just blame the company . to sell product and compete with other company , that is one of the most important strategy . thus , you must be very careful in seeing the advertisement .