the question of whether it is better to have little knowledge in lot of subject , or to have lot of knowledge in a specific subject , ha been a theme of discussion for many year , specially for student . i personally agree with the statement `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject '' , but only up to a certain point . if a person ha broad knowledge of many subject , he will be able to talk to other people about this subject and develope a conversation about the topic . if the person ha knowledge in only one subject , he will only be able to develop conversation about that specific subject , therefore there will be le people he will be able to talk to . also , a person with a broad knowledge in many subject can be seen a a better overall prepared and informed person . he could be able to understand news , for instance , better than a person who doe n't know what 's being talked about because it 's not his subject . on the other hand , specialized knowledge ha it advantage . in a job interview for a specific carreer , for example , the person with more knowledge in the area will definetely be chosen over the person with le knowledge in the area and more overall knowledge . thus the specialized knowledge guy can make a better living . also with more knowlegde on a specific subject you can discus the subject with another person in , just about , all possible detail . as we can see , both statement have their pro and contra . my personal opinion and recomendation to anyone is to have both : a broad knowledge in many subject and lot of knowledge in a specific one . if so , you can defend yourself in any subject and be the best you can be in a particular one . that 's also why i agree with the school system that teach broad knowledge in many subject up to a certain point of maturity , or level reached , and then let one decide in what subject one want to specialize . i think it is the best way to prepare people to live in such a complex society , like the one we live in today .