i believe that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communites . this , i believe is caused by the environment we live in . however , this is not a problem that is only limited to the young developing generation . i think that the adult that are living right now are also guilty of this problem . it is our whole population that is causing this problem . by `` our '' i mean to refer to the people who live in developed country and have a high standard of living compared to the developing nation . in war time , we did not have enough food supply , not enough house , not enough water , not anything od any abundace then the surrounding fear and death . people needed to share each others good and had to help each other just to live on . this what built the sense of community and why people helped each other out . however , the war time ha passed and there is le who remember or have lived through those condition and the hardship of life . now with some people having more money than they actually need there is no strong need of helping each other out . most of u also live in small apartment , where only the father , mother and the childrent live . in old time , people used to live in big house that wa occupied by a whole family , including the grandmother , the grand father and even close relative . however , now we express and treasure and privacy , even to our own relative , just greeting them with a christmas card . there is no sense of unity because there are no central goal to a nation . we now induce individualism and capitalism where each person protects and flourished in each own way . also because of the globalization age we have now , we are able to travel , live in wherever we want . so in country there are mixed , race , culture , and even language . that disrupts the sense of unity . so although i fell that young people nowdays do not give enought time to helping other communites , this is not limited to yoiung people and it is not solely their fault . this is because none of u have any sense of a strong community in the first place . t