the utmost intention of school lesson is to provide the pupil with the sufficient understanding and knowledge that they can make their way in the sometimes rough and high demanding world . this suggests that pepole learn to get along with problem coming up and they should thereby retain the thing they learned during school time . as the issue in your life differ quite much from those example which an average pupil learns at school , i highly agree with the statement that it is more important to learn concept and idea rather than to retain simple fact . i will highline my reason to believe this in the following passage . first off , a i already mentioned above it is highly likely to face a situation it which you are demanded to apply your knowledge on different topic . therefore the understanding of idea and underlying scheme is crucial . as an simple example there are sign and rule you ought to have learned during acquiring the driver licence . other country obey different traffic rule but maybe use the same sign . so you are able to adjust to the new challenge and go along with the traffic idea . secondly , understanding idea broadens your mind and challenge it simultanouesly . you are much more likely to see connecting and corresponding point in an interdisciplinar matter and thus you are able to gain quicker insight into new field or topic . this can elevate your understanding of miscellainious issue . at third , understanding idea and concept may constitute the basis and platform for vital discussion among student . if you have gained the crucial point of what a topic is all about you are able to exchange thought and can thereby help others to apprehend the problem or even take benefit for yourself by reconsidering your own opinion . overall i am a strong believer in the didactic target to catch the idea rather than to retain pure fact . by shaping the people mind this method is much more effective to prepare student to find their way in the challenging world . it may be that due to this assumption this concept is the underlying structure and principle of all sophisticated school .