i believe older people enjoy their life better than the young people . they have lived their life . the amount of experience they have is vast . they know the art of handling various situation . they live their life among friend . old people know the art of enjoying their life better than the young people . when they were young they amount of opportunity they had were more and the competition wa le . they had fewer university the amount of research that wa happening in the field of science wa limited . no matter the ground root of scince and technology were kept during their time . the amount of tension and the pressure they had to deal wa le . i can say this because of the numerous old people that i have spoken to including my own grand parent . whenever i talk to them i gather so much of information that i have to say yes `` the world is not enough '' . they use to have some problem here and there but during their time the community use to stand a one . they laugh they share the life time achievement . like my grandfather talk about the worldwar ii . how my grand mother waited for him , and use to pray in church everyday for his well being . young people on the other hand are more complex of a nature i would say . they amount of competition that they have to face every day . somebody or the other is trying to proove himself better than the other . these factor lead to tension , enormous pressure at time and frustration a well . generally younger generation is least conecrned of getting involved in community activity , other then once in a while . some time we never who is our next door neighbour . as we the younger generation is more concerned with the privacy . we are not ready to accept somebody 's help . we want to remain confined within ourselves . the young generation might be seen speaking once in a while in community here and there . they generally are forgetting the natural art of enjoying . enjoyment could be going to club and bar have some drink and have fun and come back . therefore in my opinion it is the old people who know the real art of enjoyment . young generation should take sometime off their busy schedule and spend time with the old people . we might share love and affection with them and in return gain a lot out of them .