why do we have the appology of youth in our modern society ? to me it is clearly because life sound better when you are yuong ! of course some of you could say what we are eager of in our society is apperence . people would like to look young for ever ! indeed getting old is difficult to assume not only moraly but also because your body is changing . that is one reason why people like to be young . but being good looking is not the only explanation why being young make you more enjoy life . actually it is secondary in my opinion . what is so joyful with being young is that you have every thing to built . you are in a moment of your life where you can still chose to become anyone . no regret for the moment , no error in your background . when i think of my mother 's sister i feel sad for her . she is a person very sour . she tried all her life to become an actrice and never succeeded . whem you are young you can still be optimistc about your life because anything can hapend to you . when you have nothing you have nothing to lose ! an other advantage with being young is that usually yo have n't got many reponsibility . you have a selfish existance , the only person you have to take care of is your self . your not in charge of the education of a childe , you do not have to feed a family . life is le stressful . you do n't have to compromise every day life to make everyone happy in your house . specially when you hinge up on your parent financially , you have even le worry . i mention this situation because i am luky , that is my sitation . but some young people have to endow their life alone of course . an important point a really appreciate with being young is that socially there are not a much convention than for adult . young people are more relax when they get in contact in professional a well a in social life . the proof is more older you get le friend you have . it is the case for my parent . it mu n't be true for everyone but it is a general tendency i have noticed . to sum up being young give you a feeling of freedom