young people enjoy life more than older people do . i agree with this statement because of many reason . the most important reason that differenciate young people from the old is wisdom . old people are wise , patient , more experienced , more conservative and want to do the right thing . young people are reckless , hasty , quick in making desicions , unpatient but are wanted from society . society nowadays idealizes the young and ignore the old . every attractive or sexy actor/actress is either young or try to look young . lets face it a model is only famouse when she is young , when she is above fifty nobody would even remmember her name . the medium play a big role in this , where every product advertised is by the appearance of either a young girl or a guy . never the le this is not the only reason , young people are able to injoy life because they have health , no responsibility and a wild imagination . for example , a twenty year old guy can go dancing , clubbing , drinking alcohol , driving fast and all of the other stuff that young people do , thing which a fifty year old would never consider doing . old people have kid and have many responsibility which take a lot of their time like taking care of the house , buying grocery , doing social visit , thing that will never come to mind for a young person . in addition to that old people are not a healthy a young people , which can deprive them of certain activity like sport , they have to watch their cholesterol , not eat shugar and all of the other constraint on their food consumption , while young people eat what ever they want and dont even think about these problem . young people are generally single and date other young single people and diversify often , while old people are stuck with their old partner and remmember the time when they were young . in conclusion , i can say that every person can enjoy life in his way at any stage of life he is in . maybe what seems a fun to a twenty year old is not a fun to a forty yearold and vise versa . so i can say that every stage in life ha it joyfull moment even old age , although i always say `` enjoy life while you are still young '' .