i strongly disagree that student to understand idea and concept than learn fact . currently , a lot of people doesnt have a lot of time a much long time ago . therefore , time become very important in our student life . even some of people said '' time is more important than gold . the student also doe n't have time to . as a result a lot of student just learned about only idea and concept . actually these way to study is more easy and can save the time . it will be bad effect to student . when they learn about more hard thing . therefore we have to start to fix the way to study only understand idea and concept . the basic information made u thinking . most student who just understand idea and concept doesnt life the thinking than student who learn fact . for example , during the test time few student just writing answer or although take spend a lot of time few student spend the time for find answer with fact . after test if time is very limit , the student who write just answer will make better score than other group student . but next time when they spned same time and take the more hard test than last time . the result it will be different . because they few student dont know how to connect between new question . bue the other student know how to do that . making easy to work the brain . the learn fact make student more thinking so make brain working more hard . if they keep do the study with same way . as goest time by , student braine more easy to circulate . for example . i saw the information through diagram of smart people , when some jounarlist asking question how did you study ? most person who made good scroe people said `` i use to spend a lot of time for thinking hard . in my conculsion , through the our life , the time become best important to our social life . but currently student have hard choice between learn more specific information or just know the surface information . but time and grade is not at all of our life . if they spend time to think about themself future . they will know learn fact is more important than just understand idea .