success is a word that brings the glance in people 's eye . i might say that alomost every person in our system try to get successful . in the end success show the ability to stand up for something or against something and earn the `` applause '' , what mostly appears in money . one one hand there are people who understand the word `` success '' in a collective luck . many of these people help other people to get to know the word success . imagine a kid in today 's africa . probaly he just try to survive the night . and in this point people see their on sucess , in helping others to live on and get to know what success could mean . no doubt , it is one of our major problem we have to solve . we must help the people in africa to show them there is an other life than starvation . on the other hand we have people that understand success only for their own benefit . they do thing , taking risk just to have their own soul in a good mood . and no matter what , they going to try a hard a they can to achive their goal even if they take other people chance and luck . let 's say , that today 's `` bad guy '' are these guy . personally , i think , someone who want to be successful must have a little bit of both side . i just can relate from myself . as a former tennis professional i wa - and maybe still am - an egoist . starting with tennis i had no choice but to focus on myself and win against my oponent . there is no help from a team mate or a coach during the match , it is only you . this fact made me somehow an egoist . but it doe not mean that i have not learn to think about the others around me . i trz hard to do both way . however , i had to take risk to achive my goal even if everybody around wa laughing at me . on that way , i fully agree with the statement . because floating with the mass is not a way to achieve something . fighting against the mass is the way to become successful . most people are successful if they to something special , somthing noone ha done before . if everybody doe the same it is hard to outreach the mass , because so many are doing exact the same thing . so , the only way to be successful is , to take risk .