the question asked is if student should focus on learning fact , or rather on understanding idea and concept . this issue ha a big importance because it is linked to the teaching style addopted by school and university , a well a , to the learning approach that student should choose . in my opinion learning concept and idea is better than studying fact . i belive it is not effective to learn fact because fact are generally linked to one particular situation or experience . many time this fact are from the past . on the other hand , concept and idea can be applied to a bigger number of case and during a longer time . for exemple , what happened during the second world war is already in the past , but the concept of war is common to many situation of this type . based on this idea , i am convinced that it is more effective to understand concept and idea . furthermore , it is reccommanded to study concept because the prcess of understanding a concept stimulates and develops thinking skill . for instance , when a student concentrate on the concept of accounting rather than on memorising the balance shit , he or she will be able to understand much more , like the idea of imput and output , in general . due to this fact , i think that studyig concept is superior to learning fact by heart . finally , i believe that concept are easier to memorize than particular fact . because concept can be associated to so many situation and to so many mental image , they remain in our mind a very long time . moreover , concept tend to become part of our mind , of our permanet way of thinking , but fact do n't . for exemple , if we understand the concept of trade , there are so many situation we can link this to , like ancient silk trade , slave trade , modern trade , so on . because of this , i prefer studying concept and idea more thad learnig fact . in conclusion , the fact that concept can be applied and linked to more exemples , that they stimulate thinking and are easier to remember , demonstrates that studying concept is a better option . i believe that while studying a concept , a student reach higher level of intelligence and of efficiency .