although understanding the concept and organize the process of the study is always necessary for the student , still the learning of the actual fact and example is even more valuable . the reason can be divided in two main point ; studying ha to be more practical and useful for the student , and they have to get the ability to develop the idea for the real study . understanding only the concept is not practical . student have to be able to reflect that concept in the actual example . when we study the sonata-form in the music theory class , the first idea we get is the form of exposition , development , and recaputuation section . then we get more detail , which is the key-relationship and even more structual matter such a introduction and coda . however , to really understand this formal structure , we have to look at the actual sonata-form music . where the exposition start and end , how the development is . .. etc . music is maybe longer than you think , or more complicated than you think . to deal with that , not only just memorizing the form , but also we have to handle how to discover them in the actual music and how you would musically response when you actually play that music . then , we can be confident to say `` i know what the sonata-form is . '' consequencely , the actual studying always require how to develop the idea by our own way . we can not do it without the acknowledge of actual fact . studying the concept of schubert 's song in the music history class is quite interesting but they are usually introduced really brief - student do not even know the german language , which the text are usually in . it is good to get the idea how schubert linked the text and music , but to play it , we have to develop the idea even more . finding where the text and music match , and then , you need to think `` why schubert did this ? to get the answer , maybe we can look at another example or other music too . what did he tried to imply here ? '' when you get the answer for that , you can really say that we could develop the idea with the fact . neverthless the understanding of concept and idea is very necessary to organize the studying process , still the detail - fact and example - ha much more important role in order to get the real knowledge .