while it is always difficult to make such strong claim and there are for sure some exception , i overall agree with the statement . we are living today in a much more individualistic society than twenty year ago . i believe that the underlying reason is mainly economic . decades ago young student could aim for fairly reasonable job and access to decent housing without caring too much about their career . the situation is very diferent today . the list of requirement of accessing a good university , and ultimately a good job , is endless : language , experience abroad , extra-scholar activity related to your field , good grade to pas the increasingly selective filter , a renowed mba , etc . competition is getting harder and student have little time left else than for carefully planning their curriculum and career in order to outperform their peer . when i wa a student , i for example added to my morning class at the university extra daily class in german and french , and used my summer break to travel abroad to hone my fluency in these and other language . i had obtained the degree of camp counselor and used it a couple of time in camp with le afluent child . it wa very rewarding from a personal perspective , but i decided to focus on my language skill . now with perspective , i wish i had helped more . i know that the situation is changing now and presenting extracurricular social activites may represent valuable earning point in the selection process at some university and even with some employer . these experience are a way of distinguishing the individual from the rest and stressing his or her personal value . i believe that government should encourage social activites by proposing alternative which let student help the community while reinforcing their curriculum . as for example exchange program where young people could help local community abroad , honikng their language skill and at the same time fulfilling their wish to help out . i know now that these possibility exists , but the role of institution is to promote them . should i have know about them , i had not wasted the opportunity !