i agree with the statement that successful people try new thing rarther than only doing what they already know how to do well . there are two reason , first succesfull people try and achieve new accomplishment in order to continue to be succesful . the second reason is without taking risk you can not be succesful . to begin with , in my opinion a successful person is some one who try and achives new accomplishment each time . if you continue doing the same thing , you are not successful because you are not achieveing something . for example , you are playing a game and you reached to the 15th level , that is a success for the first time and your are successful for that instant but if you continue the game and could not go beyond 15th level then you are not successful anymore . because you succeded up to level 15 in order to continue your success you need to try and achieve new and harder level . if you could not achive to go beyond level 15 then they will talk about your ` past ' sucesses . you need to update your success every time you begin a new challenge . if you are able of doing that then you are a successful person in your life . moreover , you need to take risk in order to be successful . for example , galatasaray , a turkish football team , won a uefa cup for the first time and the only time in the turkish football history . team 's manager fatih terim came to galatasaray four year ago the uefa cup victory . in the beginning he take risk of playing with lot of young , talented however le known player . all of the medium critized fatih terim , however he did not changed his point of view on the subject . he continued to play with those player . because he had a goal to reach . he need to make his successful not only nationaly but also internationally . after four have past young player get the courage and ability of playing in international game and galatasaray won the uefa cup for the first and the only time in turkish history . we can clearly see from this example that success can not and will not come without taking risk .