is it the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide ? some people might say yes to the subject . however , it is my view that it is not the best to travel in a group led by a tour guide . in other word , people can not fullfil their desire and need during the journey if they were in a group led by a tour guide . the example of leonardo da vinci , thug ( or horse-riding buglars ) in rural area of china , and herman merville validate my statement . when people talk or read an article about the graceful and glorious day of renassiance , people soon encounter a familiar name called leonorado da vinci . leonardo da vinci ha renowned from those day of renassiance for his ginuine intellectual accomplishment over the various subject : art , sciensce , herbalogy , anatomy and so forth . however , not many people are aware of leonardo da vinci a a travler . da vinci made all his trip alone ( or with a servant at his service ) through out the european continent a one of his favorite activity when there wa a demand for his cunning hand at various subject . da vinci also took a lot of shor-trip to fullfil his desire for more knowledge and observation which meet his interest . da vinci wa the man who know the taste of traveling alone . it is not very common ( or well-known ) fact that there is still horse-riding buglars in rural area of china . and people feel more arkward when it come to their ear that this is something going on a a current event . what doe this do with the wellness of the people who frequently go to china traveling alone ? nothing pretty much unless you are a ever-wonderer who always seek the scarcely inhabited land . moreover , these buglars are mostly caught for the safetly of lonely traveler who even want to travel undeveloped land of china . there is a great guest from literature , herman merville when you talk about the one who seeked out the wilderness of nature . herman merville made such great deed on his work of the whale ( or the moby dick ) after whaling although he travled not alone and rather accompanied and guided with experienced one toward whaling . however , whaling or sailing ha been always the subject of great travlers whether they like to travle alone or not they accompanied and guided with more experienced one since there ha been always no choice since traveling on the sea ha to have a group work ( in most term ) unless you are a lonely sailor with a small boat which go not far away from ashore . herman merville would have not been recalled a a great writer if he had not been a great sailor a he ha been renowned . all the instance from art , history and current-events validate my statement . it is always the best to travel lonely .