today , many student seem to choose to study more than one major in the university for certain purpose . to know more than one subject or major can be a benefit for people , but i believe that to specialize in one specific field is a better choice because in the long run , more knowledge of diverse subject will be beneficial to the future career . in addition , it encourages people to think more creatively . to begin with , general knowledge on every aspect of academic subject is essential to perform a job of higher position and lead people in the future . to be sure , special skill and knowledge help people to get better job and give them more ability to achieve what they want in work place or in academic field . however , a people go up to the superior position , or to take more responsibility , they will have to see the whole forest , not a single tree . that mean , without general knowledge in every aspect that is related to the entire goal or process , you will likely to get lost in how to manage and lead other people in the respective field . in this sense , people need to broaden thier view and this can be done by studying many academic subject . furthermore , with their broad knowledge of many academic subject , people are able to develop their potential creative-thinking ability . it is widely know that creativeness evolves from various academic background . for example , i have a cousin who study a lot of subject in the university . she is majoring in english literature , but she also study on other subject such a music , physic , and golf . this made her think and act creatively . she won the most innovative essay of the university twice and a lot of professor say that her problem-solving way is always fresh and new . this show that many academic knowledge encourages the creativeness . in summary , to have specialized and professional knowledge on a certain subject may a benefit to people , but because general information will help people in the future and it generates creativity , i agree to have broad knowledge .