to me this statement seems reasonable because idea and concept are necessary to understand why something is a it is and how it developed . concepts and idea connect fact , describe and explain their relationship to each other and make process understandable . furthermore they enable student to think beyond what is observable , to cast a light on related issue , analyse fact and development or to make prediction or suggestion for the future . thus , concept and idea are theoretical approach to the observable world and the basic element of what we would generally regard a science . learning and understanding idea and concept is therefore necessary to study seriously and eventually to be a good scientist . a further step is developing your own idea and concept on what you know empirically . this show that you not only understand the relationship of fact and what is behind them but that you are also able to be productive and creative in finding new explanation and form of analysing something . although it is certainly not required to develop an own theory in order to be a good student , having individual idea is fundamental for your personal development and an intellectual necessarity at any university . so , i would say that the statement is correct although one should keep an important aspect in mind : in order to understand idea and concept you have to know the fact at first . and this mean that you really have to know a much a possible about a special topic because fact are the unavoidable basis of concept and idea or theory . lacking important information may not only result in complete disability to understand concept but can also cause misinterpretation that change the meaning of an idea , theory or concept totally and thus lead the student into a completely wrong direction which might have serious consequence . so , in the end , it is important to stress that learning fact is definitely necessary . but they still are only the basis . real understanding of a topic also mean that you have to understand the concept and idea behind the pure fact . that is what make idea and theoretical approach so important .