students are of different type and the way of preparation of their subject and the way they approach towards the subject are different when compared to each other . some people go around the concept and the idea of the subject and what the main aim and the use of the subject and they go in a different manner to get the subject . some student jus blindly take the text book , and not only text book and they collect a lot of material and they jus go blindly reading those fact that are in the book and material , so in this case tyhe student wont get the practical knowledge of the subject and jus blindly know what is the subject . these people cant do the practical problem and they cant go deeper into the subject . it is also important that after getting the idea and the concept of the subject the student should go fopr reading the fact regarding the subject . that make a lot in the knowledge regarding the subject . i strongly agree with the statement `` it is more important for student to understand the idea and the concept of the subject than iot is for them to learn fact '' . students who go in a manner of understandig the idea of the subject and the purpose of the subject is and how the subject is inter related with the other topic will get the good idea of the subject . unless the student get the idea of what the subject is and what is the concept behind writing all these task in a subject it is use le for the student to do a course . student who go along with the idea and the concept of the subject gain a lot of grip on the subject and he may produce any thing regarding the subject on demand . for example , let u take student who is having a subject of c language in his/her course , the student who first go through the text book and get the idea of the language and what the subject is and what is needed for programming in a c language can write a technical program for a small application based on c language . on the other hand the student who go through the fact of the subject will not get the practical idea and he cant proiduce an application in c language . how can he produce an application with out knowing what is the main idea of the subject and what is the concept that output an application in c language . even the student who is having a course of maths in his acedemic year , if he go along the fact that are related to the subject how can he solve a problem ralated to the subject of mathematics . on the other hand the student who get the complete idea ragrading the idea and the concept of the subject he can automatically solve the problem given . the first tyhing is the student should know what the idea is and after that he can go through the fact of the book and he also requires the learning knowledge regarding the subject . finally , i concluide that the student should go for the preparation of a subject in a manner of getting the idea regarding the subject and the concept ragarding the subject . unless these two thing the student cant approach the practical way of the subject . its quite difficult to get a grip on the subject with out the concept and idea of the subject . in the same way after getting the complete idea and conceptv ragarding the subject the student may further go for the fact readng from the text book or material .