in today 's world it is a debate if knowing more is better or specializing in a subject is better . to specizlize in a subject may make you an expert about that subject but knowing little from every subject make you only knowledgable to some degree . therefore the decision may depend on which one you value most . i would value to be an expert in my field . knowing just a little about all subject may give you the opportunity to talk about everything but when it come to talking deeply , for example when somebody asks you about an important part that doe not stand on surface , you may not be able to provide any answer . if you are specialized in the subject you will be able to give the answer . so having a broad knowledge of every subject may lead not knowing any subject fully . and if you have missing knowledge about that subject , i think if is better not to talk . you may be able to talk about the subject but when it come to academic speech , where you should show your knowledge about the topic , you may fail to give enough information . in my opinion if a person talk about a specific question he must be knowledgable about all aspect of the question . to be able to give specific and not very known fact is more important than repeating the fact that are known by many people . i think repeating would be what the one who are not specialized in a subject will do . moreover , today 's society give more credit to specialized knowledge in work environment . firms usually prefer to hire people that completed the undergraduate level and also completed a graduate level which had given them the opportunity to specialize in their subject . the one who successfully completed a graduate degree , who are knowledgable about all aspect of their field of study , become the one who are most valued in the work place . they can find job more easily and they are paid more . for these reason people try to specialize in a specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic skill . i would like to enjoy better working environment with earning more money and i would like to be able to talk about every aspect of my subject . for these reason i think specializing in one specific subject is better than having broad knowledge about many subject .