in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . i disagree with this ides . i will explain why i disagree with it providing two reason . these two reason are a condition of car campanies and a condition of road nowaday . most of car campanies are creating new type of car . every time i watch tv , i see many now comercials about new type of car that are introduced by various campanies . on the street , i see many advertisement of car are hung on the wall . in japan , which is my home country , the two biggest car campanies are toyota and honda . two day ago , i heard on the news that these two campanies are fighting each other and trying to make new car to attract customer ' attention . if car campanies make new model of car , people will be attracted to it and want to get it . if people buy new car , they will ride it . nobody will keep it in their car parking . of course , all of people will want to show it how cool their car are by rideing them . if 100 people bought new car , there would be 100 car in use . after people buy new car , they would sell their old car . these old car would be sold by cheap price in the used car shop . people who have not enough money to buy new car would buy these used car , then more and more car would be on the road . by these reason , i think that the condition of car campanies ha been increasing the number of car in use today . the second reason , which i suppose is a condition of road . new road are made in everywhere and their quality are quite good . they are smooth and are connected to other road . therefore , people are able to change their distination while they are riding car on the road . if they are on the way to their distination using train , they ca n't change their distination a immediately a they can by the road . even if they can change , they will have to buy new ticket to ride new train . it will cause money problem . in addition , road are everywhere . in japan , road are located even under the ocean . impressionable condition of the road reduce the time to be spent to go to the distination and also save a lot of money . these point make people want to by car . from these two reason that i explain above , i think that there will be a lot of car in u