when making reference to high school itself , it is much better to see a well-rounded transcript with bs and as in every subject then to observe how a student had straight a+ in a certain subject , but failed in every other class . the main point of academic subject and school it to keep challenging yourself , never cieseing to strive for the best and never feeling satisfied with the least of what you can do . colleges are n't striving to recruit the a+ student that is n't committed to extra curricular activity , leadership and community service ; they 're searching for the `` well-rounded student '' . of course , if you can be a honors student , athletic and president of the class at the same time , go right ahead ! but basically , everyone ha to learn to do a little of everything to achieve success in life . being perfect at art craft but pathetically stupid at mathematics wo n't allow you to succeed because you will need someone to do all you do n't know how to . once you think you 're perfect at a single subject , you must find a way to challenge yourself to improve in it a well . since the world ha gotten so competitive over the past decade , knowing absolutely all there is to know about a single subject wo n't get you far in life because it is more important to be `` a well - rounded person '' than perfect at a single subject . to impress someone you have to denote your overall cultural knowledge and not only your broad wisdom in history , for example . to strive for the best , you have to know a much a possible from every academic subject . in my experience , it ha been impossible to be perfect at every subject naturally , but i find more satisfaction in constantly striving to do my best and being well-rounded in school . an english teacher at school once told me `` it is not necessary to be , but to pretent to be '' . when i first heard what he said i thought it wa inmoral and an uneducated expectation of life . thinking about those word and referring to it by previuos experience though , i concluded that what he said wa correct ; even though i did n't want him to be . if you can not find a way to be perfect in every academic subject you must pretend to be . the way to `` pretend to be '' is to constantly rehearse on being the best , striving for the best and giving the best of your knowledge and will to that subject . soon , you will learn to love it , appreciate it , enjoy it and acknowledge important fact out of it . in conclusion , is it better to have broad knowledge on many academic subject rather than specializing in one specific subject because that 's what life it all about : knowing a bit of everything to be able to survive in this competitive world . every person need to know a bit about math , science , art , literature and history in order to stand out in society . someone who life only reflects mathematical achievement will lack the intelligence , or knowledge , to be able to fullfill the rest of the activity in his daily life .