the issue at hand is about the number of car that will be present in about twenty year from now . i strongly disgree that the number of car would decrease in the next twenty year . the first reason to support my belief would be the population of the world . the population in this world is increasingly so drastically that there is no question of decrease in the number of car in any way in the near future . if anything , i think that there will actually be a sharp increase in the number of car . nowadays having a car of the latest model and technology is a style statement . so much so that teenager demand really expensive car from their parent at a very young and impressionable age . on an average every family might have eventually have two car eventually a the child grow up . i would like to quote a very personal example in this context . my own brother had his own car when he wa about eighteen year old , when he entered his undergraduation college . and a generally expected by now he is really `` bored '' with his car and want to change it and consequently my mother ha to weekly dispose numerous pamplets of various car that my brother get home in order to convince my father to buy him a new car . in my immediate family of about fourteen member ( of which seven are teenager ) we own about seven car . exactly half the number of the member of teh family and the family is only going to increase . furthermore , the various advertisement on television and the huge hoarding all over a city successfully entice sybarite . it ha been noticed that the richer are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer . the rich indulge themselves and pamper themselves and their family with the most expensive car and other commodity such a mobile etc . but one can not deny the convenience associated with owning car . one doesnt have to be dependent on public transport which is time consuming and often make a person irritable and hence more inclined to the idea of owning a car and dwelling in it luxury . alll this will further enhance an increase in the number of car in the future . i would like to mention one instance which i think is relevant to the topic . i wa having a conversation with a close friend of mine who take a fancy for one particular car called ` swift ' . she told me that the first thing that she will do when she save sufficient money is to buy that car which she love . she is not teh only one who dream about such a thing , there are thousand of people out there who have such plan for their ` future ' . currently i am living in a city which is famous rather infamous for it traffic and innumerous car , attrbuted to the it development in the city and not one day pass by when i dont complain about this fact . recently , while i wa reading a local newspaper i came across a survey of the number of car in teh city and it rapid growth , which predicted an increase in the number of car and this further strengthens my view on this topic .