the important issue under consideration is the use of car in future say twenty year from now . i would like to agree with the statement that there would be fewer car in use than there are today . it may seem a little surprising but there are numerous advance and happenigns which support this view . one of the important reason for the reduction in number of car in near future is goign to be the oil . judging by the recent trend in oil price it would be almost impossible for common person to own a personal car . there is a goign concern about the limited petroleum reserve on which presently our automobile run . the suggested replacement like solar car electric car are n't a very viable option right now . going by the trend it would take them few decade to mature into consumer product which afford the same flexibility . secondly beside the fact about the fuel shortage there is a growing concern for the harmful effect of the emmissions on the enivironment . this ha led to planning of better public transport system and novel way like car pool to reduce the emission and use the resource efficiently by bundling together people goign to similar place at the same time . hopefully newer idea like shuttle bullet train ertc might help to cater to the transport need of the increase in population . such awareness would reduce the number of car on road . maybe we might get the technology to teleport liek star trek in few decade just a whimisical thinking . thirdly there is a major problem of congestion . the public roadway in most place is n't geared to handle such huge traffic and the government doe n't have fuinds to improve them further . there ha been an increase of over 300 % in the number of car in my city new delhi only . this translates into more jam and delay in the work schedule . there is also a growing problem of parking space . the metropolitians are already too crowded to afford a parkign space prsently itself . an average oiffcie goer in cannaught place new delhi ha to park his car on an average two kilometer away . the situation in future is n't goign to provide incentive to the people to buy new car . this is further aggravated by the number of accident . a recent study conducted by the delhi transport authority show a disturbing trend of increase in number of accident over the period of ten year . this translates directly into loss of life and property . hence it is expected that in future the number of car would actually go down . but finally and most importantly with the advent of internet it might actually be possible that people do n't need to travel out that often . we might just do our shopping over ebay or order delivery from our home . the facility of teleconferencing and videoconferencing might go a long way and remove the use of actual transport of oneself physically oevr to the other palce . we already have succesful example of oursourcing . these may be further modeled into working from home . schooling can be done oevr internet . children migth get lecture and assignment sittign at home . they can reference huge database for their assignment . we can for example get our compete bank account over net in case of icici . we can but airline ticket or stuff using our visa credit card . this would reduce the need of edxtra trip to work place shopping mall and school . this would translate into lesser use of private owned car thus the futility of owning one . the idea of lesser car in next twenty year is based on the fatc that we human would like to make this environment better and make the best use of the technologicval advance thereby reducing the number of car on the road .