some people think that studying a wide variety of subject is a waste of time , and that one should concentrate on one 's major . of course studying hard about one 's major is important . but learning other subject , which might seem at time unrelated to one 's major , is just a important , especially in institution of higher education like university . i will introduce my own experience to illustrate my point . i am an art major , studying to become a professional artist . i could have just been content with the technical training and painting class that the art college provided . they did help a lot to improve my creative skill . but i `` wandered off '' to the realm of art history . at first it wa because i wanted to learn about how the great artist of the past created their work . but a i studied on , not only did i learn about the history of visual culture , but how artwork could be seen from a historian 's point of view , and inside the cultural , historical , and social context . i also took a lot of elective course in literature . these class showed me how beauty and self-expression could be achieved through word . i wa provided with a chance to compare how literature wa different from the art form created with color and form . it made me think deeper about what painting wa really about : what it characteristic were , and just what it wa that could be done only through painting and through no other form of art . although art history and literature had nothing to do with the actual painting process , they both helped me try to produce a better , deeper painting . art history opened my eye to the fact that artwork could be received from a various point of view . literature class made me think seriously about the essence of painting , my major . in conclusion , widening one 's scope in academic interest not only result in becoming more informed but also in opening one 's eye to a wider perspective . moreover , one can understand one 's major better by studying other subject , rather than restricting oneself in one 's specified field .