i totally agree with the statement . successful people try new thing , take risk . because this is the only thing how they can keep their success going on . i do n't have big ego , but my friend and people around me say that i have been a successfull person so far . this is really nice to hear , but what really make people think i am successful . for example , i am an exchange student . i actually live in turkey . i crossed atlantic ocean and i came to the usa without my family or without my friend or without the place i used to see . this is really big risk . since you do n't really know what you might see and what might happen to you . new country mean a new world and also a new enviroment . i know the life in turkey , but i felt that i had to see new life style on the earth . let 's talk about an old leader of a country : george washington . i do n't know g. washington very well , however i can say that he wa pratically the founder of usa , he might have wanted to stay under the rule of britian , or be an empreror . but he took risk and he did what he believed in ( democracy ) . his ambitious wa an independent america and he did it . how did we improve our technology ? god did n't give u everyting . we had to something . humanity had to explore and invent new thing for a better life . if edison liked candle light and he wa not curious about new thing , would have we had light bulb ? no , i do n't believe so . even tough we had , i am sure it would be later . he tried a new thing and actually he took risk against people who were disagree with him . he did not want to do what he already knew how to do well . and now , we can say that he wa one of the most successful scientist ever in the world . how do you think that electricity wa explored . thanks for franklin , his curiousity provided better life for u . i would not be able to write this essay on internet unless he tried new thing . that wa one of the thing which made him successful and unforgottable . to try new thing could make you popular in your friend group . since every new and interesting thing you do will provide you good point . you might be seen a the crazy boy/girl . in fact , that make you interesting person rather than successful person . for those reason , if you want to be successful person , you should start to try new thing and take risk . because what you already know is not enough .