technology ha been improved quickly in the past century . for instance , the industrial revolution which happened in europe made the world step into another period . obviously , the improvement of technology provides the convinience to human ; however , on the other hand , the improvement of technology brings out some harmful influence and effect to not only the human but also the world . one of the important improvement of technology is the invent of car . cars were made to shorten the distance between two place , and it might be the most successful invent ever . however , the polutions that are caused by car have been a serious problem for a long time . after twenty year , will car bring u more conviniences ? or will car cause more problem than they do right now ? fortunetly , human have been considering the increasing of number of car right now , thus , i believe in twenty year , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . many government nowadays strongly encourage people to use the public transforming system such a bus , train , or even airplane . in addition , many country encourage their people walk and bike instead of driving . certainly , the government have this kind of suggestion is to prevent from more polutions that are caused by car . i believe human around the world will soon realize the purpose of government having these suggestion , and will stop buying car in order to avoid more polutions that are cause by car . another reason of why the number of car will decrease in twenty year is because the heavy traffic that is happening to all the big city in moderndays . if human are still buying more and more car , can you imagine what will happen in the future ? the situation of traffic will be terrible for sure . in london , the goverment is taking tax from people if they drive into downtown . obviously , this policy seems to be rediculous , but i think it is a good solution to solve the heavy traffic in london . we only have one earth , and we 've been providing too many polutions already . this is the time to save the earth and turn the situation . i wish human will consider to take government ' suggestion which were stated before in order to save the world .