nowadays , young people and organization are expected to support the community in which live/are located in . with life complexity and growing responsibility , young people may not have sufficient time to help their community . while this may be true for some individual , there is an increasing number of young people devoting their time to help their community and other community which need support . i have observed young student sacrificing their summer holiday to help build house and volunteer in poor african community . yet have also observed other young people self involved in their day to day life not helping their community either because they do not care or they simply do not have the time a they have other priority ( play with their friend , go to camp , etc . ) . the broader issue is around education and what young people are being taught in the classroom and at home . many home do not lead by example or embed the sence of community or sharing in the education of their child . hence young people not devotng any time in their community . there are indeed some young people who support their community , however the support is not sufficient with the growing world problem we are seeing nowadays . i therefore agree with the statement a not sufficient support is available . young people with energy can provide a lot of help to their community by allocating very little time of their day . for example , teaching a child of the community how to read or write , helping an old person with task they are not capable of doing , support in the building of a new school or hospital , etc . many people associate help with spending money , while that may sometimes be the case , helping one community with one personal time could be equally rewarding . helping one community doe not always have to be financial . while in many cisrcustances , funding is an issue , many organization are not available to help fund community in need , what is lacking is the human helping hand . seeing poverty in africa and developing county is an eye opener . the number and size of the problem in the life of these community are horrifying and required help is not quantneeded in the world . there will always be more problem in this continent than helping hand , however , we can start by increasing the help to our community and do the best we can to improve the life of the community we live in .