my job brings me to different part of the world all the time , and every day of my life i see young and old people enjoy their life in different way . who enjoys better ? young or old people ? i would start saying that young people have an advantage over older people . they have more energy to spend and , apparently , they never get tired . this energy make them to do a lot of thing , for example staying up late at night , going to different party all the time , sleep a le a possible , drink and have fun constantly . young people , though , do not have one direction to follow ; they move in all direction . i see them sometime rushing into thing . for example , i used to have a friend that never had a moment to spend togheter with me because he had to go to so many party that he did not have time for me anymore : that 's something that i do not agree . having fun all the time seems to be the main topic for young people ; they do not have a clear goal in their mind for the future and sometime this can lead to a disaster . going to party , drinking and maybe smoking look like a good deal at the beginning , but in the long term it can ruin your life . i had another friend that unfortunately died because he wa having too much fun ; he wa totally drunk after a party that , unfortunately , died in a car crash while driving home . from the other side we have old people that have different way to have fun . let 's start saying that old people , usually , have le energy than young people . they take life at a slower pace and that 's why i believe they can enjoy better what they do . take , for example , an old couple in an island in the bahamas ; they can relax all day just watching the beach at the sea and that 's all . a young couple , in the same situation , would wanted to do something : snorkeling , fishing , etc . . they enjoy the same situation but into 2 different way . still both couple have fun . i consider myself still young but with some experience so , i start thinking to have fun like a young crazy teenager but , when i start , i slow myself down and really enjoy every moment in what i am doing . no matter if you are young or old , i think that having fun is part of our daily routine to enjoy our life in this world .