advertisements are the bread and butter of today 's commercial market and economy . they can be best described a the `` necessary evil '' . although necessary , they can also contribute to waste of people 's money when they buy thing they like on television but realize long after that the product is not at all satisfactory . as an example , consider an advertisement of a depression medication . if you watch it carefully you will notice that first it tell you all about it us and good effect and then it tell you about all the numerous side-effects it can cause . it is really interesting to note that the side-effects are mentioned really fast and can be overlooked . and thats the way the advertisement is designed to be . an advertisement is made to attract people toward the product and if such an advertisement is made for a non-prescription drug , a person may realize all the side-effects once they start using it . a second example to emphasize the way advertisement can act a a blindfold for the customer , is the promotion for cosmetic . the way cosmetic are shown to improve an individual 's comlexion and beauty by showing really pretty face , the advertisement often fail to indicate that the brand being advertised may not suit every skin-type and may be harmful to someone 's gene , causing serious mutation leading to cancer . but , inspite of these argument about the way advertisemnts manipulate a customer 's mind , they do make u aware of all the new product in the market and normally if you see carefully an advertisement will definitely tell you all the positive and negative about the product . but somehow , it is the nature of human mind to absorb all the nice thing , ignore the negativity while watching and then find someone else to blame for their ignorance . even though necessary , i still feel that advertisement do make the real product look much better than it actually is because of the way they are designed to take our mind off the problem about that product .