some people might say that leaning fact is important for student without understanding idea and conceps because the way is more convince to ger some knowladge . however , i believe that understanding idears and concept process is more important to learn something to student because of several reason . first of all , understanding idea make student not losing the idea easily . without understanding mean is student study not deeply because if they study to get more reason and information , they wil be able to understand and not to forget it easily . for example , when i wa high school student , i learned about my country 's history . my teacher let we know about just the history 's fact , and it wa too difficult to understand . athough i got a high score at the class , i can not now remember anything becasue i could n't really get without understading . if my teacher and i had tried to ungerstand about my country 's history , i would have explained about that fluentely . another reason i believe student need to understandinf concept the idea is that knowing the study ' concopts help student to study the course comfortably . if you go some where without knowing direction , do you feel comfortable ? i do n't thing so because unknowing where we are going make people 's feeling frustrated and losing confidents . accoding to the news i 've watched , 45 % student who know about the taking course 's conceptby teacher 's explainations show more higher acchievements from the coure in that they could know what the coure is going on . for instance , every class ha instruction for knew student , and almost school hold orientation to show their eductions ' concept because they believe the process will help student keep for to study well . if the way had been helpful , they would have eliminated the process . in conclustion , i claim that understanding idea and concept need to student in order not to losing their study easily and in order to improve their achivements during taking the coures . if student need more time to understand , we have to wait them because it will really make good education .