the traditional car , which are being used today use petroleum , which is a non renewable source of energy for their functioning . it is a well known fact that the petroleum reserve are limited and are fast drying up . but i feel that this and the eventual exhaustion of petrol in future doe not prevent the car being used . scientists world over have worked extensively to find a solution to the above said problem and have come up with some practical and feasable idea of having car that run on `` alternative energy source '' . by `` alternative energy source '' , we mean those energy form which are not conventionally used . newer and advanced method are being discovered to power the `` concept car '' . the use of fuel cell , which release energy by the combination of hydrogen and oxygen is not only a potential source , but also renewable in the sense that it us alcohol , obtained by plant decomposition a fuel and give out water a bi product . though this concept is still in infancy , regarding the safety parameter , few car designed to test these cell have given positive result and hope . recently , in the europe , a car which run on rechargable battery , using electricity for recharging wa under demonstration . this electricity driven car is not only being used in other part of the globe , but is also being recomended a it is eco-friendly . unlike the exhaust gas from a petrol driven car , this car produce absolutely zero bi product . the other invention being done in these line are the `` solar battery '' driven car and those which have a combination of more than one of these source . the prime related area where statistic are being worked out is to see the efficiency , safety and the unit cost when such car are under mass production . hence , whether the petrol reserve dry up or not i personally feel that the car which run on the above said energy source will without doubt replace the petrol driven car and see to it that car are used a much a they are being used today and who know , even larger in number .