recently , there have been discussion about whether it is better to understand idea and concept or to learn fact . while some people think it is important for them to learn fact , i would think that it is crucial for them to understand idea and concept . first , i think understanding of certain idea and concept will be applicable to various field . when i wa in a universtiy , i used to study marketing in my seminar . while i have forgotten most of fact what i have leared through the seminar , there is one thing that i still have not forgot and will be advantageous throughout my life . it is the phrase , `` what is important is methodology of thinking , but not the knowledge '' from my professor . he taught me the importance of the phrase through the seminar . he often explained that in a certain sense , marketing is a methodology of how to attain one 's aim . when a certain company decides it corporate strategy , it should analyze it competitiors , macro environment and resource of own company . taking all those factor into account , a company should decide it strategy . he added that this methodology , or way of thinking , is always applicable to many different field . i completely idea with the idea . i consider that the way of thinking is essential in term of achieving goal even at an individual level and i always practice in my work , while i am now working for a financial company . second , under a rapidly changing environment , i consider that fact will become obsolete so fast . i work a a fund manager in london , analyzing japanese company . in my work , i have a number of opportunity to talk with management and corporate director from company , where i learn precious information every time i have meeting with them . although what i have to point out is that those `` fact '' which i learn are no longer beneficial for me just couple of month later . this is because market environment surrounding company change dramatically in very short time , thus the company ' strategy will subsequently have to be adapted . therefore , the fact once used to be brand new will be no longer valid in three month time . given the fact , i normally try to ask company of thier thought and idea underlying certain strategy they implement . this will make me project what kind of strategy they will make when environment change . in conclusion , a understanding of concept and idea can be applicable to various field , while fact will become old in relatively short period of time , i would definitely argue that the former is more critical than the latter .