i think that the statement is wrong , not because of what it tell could be false , that could be , but because it lead to a likely huge misunderstanding . it is not difficult from the statement to infer that young people nowadays have become more selfish and le worrisome about their neighbour or community . that is , that they ignore the meaning of the word ` solidarity ' . and the figure can not depart from this idea . a survey conducted last year gauging the enrollment of young people in project whose aim wa to improve the quality of life of the underdog , showed that the ratio had dramatically plummeted down during the last decade . we are unable to deny the fact , but being that said , i think that fairness should be put on stage . it may be true that young people devote le time to help people that really need assistance , but the measure is in absolute term , not in relative one . in order to shed some light on this topic , let u have a look around the duty a young person must face today in comparison to those faced by young people ten o twenty year ago . if we do so , we will find that it is rather difficult for a young person nowadays to find time to devote to solidarity project . was anybody obliged twenty year ago to speak fluently three language to get a good job ? was the burden of the academic study so heavy a it is now ? an extremely competitive society ha made people concentrate on themselves , rather than thinking to get their close environment better , not because of disengagement but because of obligation . this fact will fix the point . if we take a look at the number of young donor to non govermental organisations ( ngos ) we will find that the fund have soared during the last few year . if we as the enrollment ratio in some of them , like the red cross , focusing on period of vacation like the summer , we will see a similar pattern . to sum up , young people nowadays devote more time and resource to carry on project to help their community relative to the time they can afford . the problem is that this spare time is scarce . there is a lack of hour , not of eagerness .