today we face a world where million of product are competing for the attention of paying customer around the world . competition increase a new product and technology enter the marketplace on a daily basis . these product must stand out from the rest in order to catch the eye of the consumer , extra value must be added to differentiate one from the million of similar product available . the marketing and advertisement industry ha grown significantly thanks to our consumerist culture . they are in charge of a product 's promotion and recognition strategy , and often they are responsible for it success or failure a well . in this battlefield , advertising agency must make use of every possible weapon they can find in order to appeal to their customer 's want and need . this is where false claim of greatness and exaggerated quality are attached to average product . i think most advertisement and marketing campaign make product and service seem better than what they really are , they must do this in order to stay in business . customers are easily fooled by false claim of great quality , marketing strategy transform `` want '' into `` need '' , driving the consumer into a buying frenzy . fashion is also a key element when it come to consumption pattern worldwide . people are made to believe they need something `` never seen before '' in order to make them happy or successful or popular . once again , product are made to seem a something extraordinary everybody want to have . at the end , it 's just a good ( or bad ) a the next product on the shelve . often , a little `` extra '' is added to a product in order to satisfy the customer . good promotion and marketing strategy are sometimes defficient when there is great offer and not much demand for a specific object or service in the market . lying and exaggeration come again into place when trying to make a sell , you have to give the customer what he 's asking for , even if it is not true . sometimes people just like to read or hear or see what they want to , if you can be the one to provide it to them you might have a chance to stay on top for a day or two util the competition catch up .