yes , i agree that young child enjoy more than the older people do . children have all the time and energy in the world for them to enjoy why shouldnt they ? they have nothing to worry about but for their study ofcourse , but we shouldnt forget that `` all work and no play make jack a dull boy '' . it is certain that their grand parent who too were a young a them once too had enjoyed a much a them . .. the only reason why the older people refrain from enjoying a much or le than a much a young people is the concern about their health . .. this concern of health consequently weakens their determintaion and ther their will and they a a result dont give themselves the adrenaline rush which the young people now get . now a day more and more number of people are falling to problem such a heath problem and sciatic nerve problem , this refrain themselver from carryin out something new or from doing something risky a incident like sky diving can lead to an heart attack or something . .. a i have learnt from my own experience it wa not quite long back when i turned a eighteen . .. so naturaly i wanted to do something risky and something which would giev me an adrenaline rush , so i and my grandfather went out for bungee jumping ,,, my grandfather initially wa against it but latter went with me . after bungeeing myself waited for my grandfather 's arrival but he never came , i soon figred out that he had an heart attack stroke bocause of which he didnt jump . .. he lived another day though thankfully . .. also older people now a day dont go for le risky activity which would affect their health like going for movie a their liking keep on decreasing a their age increase . .. there is a legitement reason behind that , that a age increase older people lose the childhood liking such a sport and cartoons and action and others . .. also i am depressed to feel that they worry about their future whether are their sibling going to abandon them , hence they have many thing to worry before lonliness set in . but for me , i end to a conclusion that whether who is to enjoy at whichever depends upon sheer determination , desire and neverthless courage . but also we should not forget that our grandparent have enjoyed just a much a we enjoy when we are young should we ?