indunstries use advertisement to make their product well-known to the possible customer . they make seem product in the advertisement so perfect and usefull for people maybe more than they really are . altough this , few people remain so attracted by some product that they really think they need them . this is caused by two main reason . first , the frequency present of advertisement in tv , newspaper and magazine . people who is reading a newspaper or is watching tv is quite forced to see and see again the same product where they are rappresented so perfectly . second , the use of advertisement trick to enphatize the product ' use . in my opinion nowadays there is too much advertisement everywhere , we can watch a movie and it is continually interrupted by advertisement spot , we can read a magazine and every two page there is one dedicated for advertisement only . even if we walk around in our city ; they are so full of advertisement sign . everything we do , we are tormented by advertisement , we are forced to watch and watch again how product are : one cheaper than other , one the best of all and one whom we can have le . but is it really true ? i do n't think so , if a product is really good there is no need to be so advertised because the best way to make people willing to buy a product is showing them that it is really perfect in the reality and not just in spot or sign where some magnificient product seems to be so necessary for a people 's life . for example nowadays mobile-phones are the most advertisement product because technology continues to envelope new model with new function that are advertised like usefull for people . but i do n't agree that we really need a mobile phone that can make video or photo and it is so expensive while we already have maybe old camera and videocameras that do the same function . maybe it is better to buy a normal mobile phone , cheaper than the brand new model because it ha the main function that a phone should have and this is really what people need .