young people are actually the building block of the nation . they are the pillar on which a country stand . but , in this present world the people are not even having the time to stand and stare . i agree with the statement the young people are lacking the time to serve the community . the youth is now busy with there education , preference for enjoyment and may also be due to lack of concern . education help for the enlightment of the soul and mind . this governing principle of life is now imbibed in the mind 's of the childern . right from the age of 5-6 year the child are busy with there curriculum . schooling , graduation and post graduation are considered important . even to get a good job or to settle in life these factor are given the priority by the young people . as such they are inclined in spending most of their time learning process . this is one of the reason why the student are not having time to help the society . young people always like to enjoy with their friend and go to the party . the time left for them after studing is mostly spent in this way . they fell that it give them pleasure and peace of mind by spending time in party . for example i spent 14 hour at school and the tution . the remaining time i would enjoy with my friend . i feel this a a relief to my hectic schedule and routine life . sometimes it may so happen that young people are uncared for society . this may not always be the case but there are some instance in which this may happen . for example , i used to have a friend who always used to say that it is not our responsibilty to serve the community . if we are really intended to serve the society from the inner root of our heart then we can definetely make a way . to conclude the young generation ha the responsibility to serve the nation but not having the time to do so because of our own work such a education and our basic need . but , let 's find some time to serve our fellow being and mankind on the whole by sacrificing our trifle desire .