presently , i witness every day that the number of cars on the road have increased day by day , reason being the increase purchasing power of the common man . nowerdays , owning a car ha become a necessity from a luxury a it wa in olden day . but this increase in car have raised our concern regarding our future generation . it is very unlikely that 20 year down the lane from now , we will witness fewer car in use . but taking the truth into consideration that non-renewable resource are getting extuinguish , i think that the use of car will definitly will decrease if not in 20 year but surely after that . the main reason for this will be decline in the reserve of petroleum on the earth . for example if there will be no petrol or deseil then how will the car run . the other possible reason could be the increase in use of public transport by the people . basically , this is a step towards conservation of resource and sustainable development ofv the nation . for example in delhi recently , metro rails have been inroduced by the government . and many cpmmuters have now opted for metro than the car in order to avoid traffic jam and it is lao le time consuming . delhi being the 2nd most polluted city in the world , it wa observed that most of the pollution is caused by car . now people prefer puublic transport and use their car only for family outing . the people now realise that more car on the road will lead to lot of traffic jam and time wastage and hence they 'll be late for their work in the morning causing lot of mental stress to them . thus in my point of view the use of car running on petrol and desiel will decrease but there will be no effect on the number of car running on battery such a reva . science ha developed so much that it is inventing such car . but very few people have opted for it because of it maintenace . this is the prediction about india . but in other courtries around the world the car ha become a luxury to some extent a people rely on the public transport the most in order to save their time and money . this stage is yet to come in india but it ha started . thus , i firmly believe that i 'll witness le use of cars in the 20 year from now .