this essay try to provide a closer look to the question if successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . to start with a variation of a common place : there are usually many different road to success in a variety of field like life , work , and business , to name the most popular one . when being young , people tend to explore themselves and their surroundings by way different from the others . even if they are not trying new thing , they imagine themselves a being different from the older one . for young people , this imagination can be a strong drive for achievement and enables them to take risk . these could support them in the end up to be more successful than others . nevertheless , success always depends not just on oneselve but on a couple of feature and factor , for example , the acting of others , i believe . the lonesome cowboy who is just doing thing his way and being successful by doing so belongs rather to the realm of dream than to everyday reality . adapting to the given circumstance by living in a human surrounding mean to learn , to understand and to be influenced by the way other people handle thing . moreover , human interaction and therefore the handling of everyday includes the idea of being organized in system . outstanding or non-fitting element can be excepted and exist only for a limited time before becoming unbearable . if one know to handle thing in a successful way suiting the social and natural environment , one surely can be successful by sticking to a particular approach for a long time . the coca cola company is one of the best example for people who know how to do well because they stick to the basic recepy of the beverage known a coca cola . at the same time coca cola try to do new thing and take risk by mixing new tasts and flavour . so success always is a mixture of both , i believe : to learn from others how to do thing well and to try new thing and take risk . sometimes it is wise to tend a bit more to the one aspect and then there are time to lean to the other side - just like goethe said : known thing and way have to be preserved in order to see and understand new thing and way .