i strongly disagree with the notion that having a broad knowledge of many subject is better than specializing in one . i feel that in today 's world , where competition for job is increasing , one who specializes in a particular field is the one who stand out in the crowd of men and woman who have a knowledge of many subject . also , the person becomes passionate about the subject that he decides to specialize in and that give him enormous satisfaction . great personality testify the fact that specializing in one field always the better option . da vinci , one of the most famous artist of all time wa also an accomplished physicist . although he had no formal education in the field , he had a great wealth of knowledge about it . however , this wa detrimental to him in a way a he always used to think of his painting in a scientific way rather than a purely artistic one . so although he created masterpiece , he left many more project unfinished a he felt that those project were lacking in some detail scientifically . for example , he thought that a painting should contain no element of ethreal fantasy and that it must obey the law of physic . in this way , his choice wa limited and he did not access his full potential . had he been a little le rigid in his principle , we would have seen many more of his wonderful work . another example would be my uncle who switched his major no le than four time while doing his undergraduation . when he tried to get a good job in one of the field he had studied , he found none . to his dismay , he discovered that each of the job needed an extensive knowledge on the subject , a specialisation of some kind . after the incident , he finally settled for medicine and went to graduate school . he specialized in nephrology and needle to say , is a successful surgeon now . in conclusion i strongly feel that being a jack of all trade and master of none diffuses one 's talent and prevents one from reaching the highest potential . an individual can carve a niche for himself in the world if he ha his own identity , in this case , the one subject he take up and specializes in .