`` learning fact and fact only will nececarily lead everyone sooner or later to failure '' . this statement is a motivator and a true fact that should encourage student to focus more understands concept and ides than just stupid learning of certain unconnected thing . but is this realy true ? as taking the bcom-programm of certain university a an example it is realy easy to see how that statement is true . the bcom is a programm that lead to a bachelor degree in commerce . for being succesfull in completting this programm and later on be succesfull in a job it it important to not just know of the factor concerning consumer primary and secondary need a well a factor effecting conjucture circels and markts , but to put them in context . so if someone for example work at a company that need a new product or want to decide in what to investigate , the acting person need to develop a feeling for how a market will develop and how householdneeds will develop and what factor will effect them and how they will effect . once this hole ammount of informating is put into a well understood and organised system qualified decitions can be made . this of course doe not mean , that just learing simple fact is totally unnececary . no , it more a kind a basic knowlage needed for understanding and working with concept . if you ask me after all both way of learning are important , but the concept understanding based on the factstudding in more important . there are of cource exception . for example while learning a new language . so in the beginning it is most important to archieve a lot of vocabulary just but simple fact learning and later on using gramma . here it depends how well someone need to learn a language . if it just basicknowlage for traveling in another country you maye never visit after the vacation again , it not important to fully anderstand concept like the gramma of the language . if u plan on living it that country both way of learning might appear realy important . the statement , that simple factlearning will nececary lead to failtue is not 100 % true , but it contains a important message and should be used a a motivator , especially in certain field of study .