i totally agree with the statment that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . `` what you see may not be true '' some very wise person said that . we people forget a very simple fact which company in the advertisement will show v that their product in not what you want or are expecting but will show that product is beyond your expectation and will do wonder . take an example of a cosmetic company in all their advertisments , we will see beautiful girl and boy who have the perfect hair , face and not to forget figure . why all thanks to the product of the company they are advertising . we people get carried away so much by these beautiful face and the magic created by the billboard and telivision , that we end up spending load of money without thinking for one second that these people are paid model and it their job to look beautiful . none of these advertisement anywhere will show or tell how harmful their product can be . also none of these advertisment will take any gurantee that what these product did for those model will do the samething for you . like meeting your prince charming on a subway if you wear a certain perfume . the only thing i can smell is other person bad breath or their underarm odour . most of the time a a parent it is vey difficult to explain to your younger child why a certain brand of cereal is liked by so many child on telivision and when you bring it home everybody run away from it after first tatsing session . also why most of the food chain make their produts so delicious that you want to eat right there from the screen but when you order you feel like throwing out . in my opinion company should take responsibilty not to mislead people by showing that their product are not only of superior quality but will also achieve what they show in advertisement . they should instead of spending thousand on publicity , should spend all that money on maintaing the quality of the product , because nothing work better than word of mouth . publicity .