this statement brings up a very important concept that i have had several occasion to reflect on during and after my student 's life . as my own experience proved me many time , it wa more important to have the tool and concept to understand the fact around me than to learn the fact without understanding the why and hows of them . i have followed a scientific education and been very sensitive to all scientific topic since my youngest age . what always appealed to me in science wa the fact that event could all find a logical explanation and that the world , after all , could be directed by understandable law . as an example , knowing that the water , when boiling , becomes vaporized , and therefore a gas , only give the student a fact that he can observe , but from which he can not draw any conclusion in the future . on the other hand , knowing that all element on earth can have three different phase , solid , liquid and gaz , give the student a concept . this concept , in turn , can be apply to any material on earth . it then explains why water boil , but it will also explain why iron melt or why azote can be found in a liquid form at lower temperature . another example could be found in history , where knowing the fact is , at first , the primary work of the student when they are teenager . the teacher would spend hour telling them about the history of their country and what happened when . but , i know for myself , that the most interesting part of history teaching is not the fact , but why such event happened . and how these event helped formed a nation 's history , which in it turn created new fact . knowing a date in itself doe not really help to understand why a country decided to invade another one . as a conclusion , training the student , to derive conclusion from observation and concept they have learned , is a very important skill that would help anybody when faced later on in his life with new event . personnaly , this is how i have always viewed my education , a a provider of a great toolbox , that i could use anytime . so far it helped me a lot .