a famous saying go , `` everything ha two side '' . depending on personal experience , personality type and emtional concern , i realize that some people hold an idea that young people 's life are more joyful than older perople 's , meanwhile others prefer the other side of this point . in my opinion , young people truely doe have more joyful life than older people . in the following discussion , i would like to provide three conspicuous aspect to support my view point . in the first place , young people ha more `` toy '' to play with . computers , play statioins , xboxes , are all favorite thing for teengers even child . however , older people even do not know what are these `` wired mechines '' use for . for example , one time , i wa playing game on my computer , my little sister came to me and asked me to let her play for awhile . she did a good job on playing with it . in contrast , when my grandpa came to me , he thought i wa watching movie on my computer . because of the learning speed of older people is respectively slow compared to younger people , so their ability of enjoying life decrease a lot . in short , young people ha more high technology `` toy '' to play to make their life happier than older people do . moreover , young people have more friend than older people ha . teengers are like to express their opinion with each other and they do not hide thing with their friend , so they enjoy life more than older people do . however , based on the ability of communication skill , older people are unable to in touch with huge number of friend . as a consequence , they are lack of friendship . hence , few friend make older people unable to enjoy life more than young people do . lastly , the willing of some exciting advantures of teengers are higher than older people . almost every teengers are like travelling because they want to explore some exciting advantage . nevertheless , older people have given these kind of willing up long time before just because they are busy about their work and their energy is limited . therefore , teengers excitement drive them to become more happier . to sum up , by listing three factor that i discussed above which sometimes they intertwine to become an organic whole and thus become more persuasive . we can safely reach the conclusion that young people truely have a happier life than older people have .