the issue at hand is : is it more important for student to understand idea and concept or is it more imporant for student to learn fact . this issue is very important , because the answer to this question could lead to a better learning system . in my opionion both the understanding of idea and concept and the learning of fact is very important . but if i have to chose , i guess understanding idea and concept would be more important . the first reason why i believe that understanding idea and concept is more important is because student will forget the learned fact , but the understanding structure and concept keep in their mind . for example , when a student learns why exactly to use this kind of word in sentence in a foreign language , he can everytime remember why he is doing this way . but if he just us this kind of word , someday he will forget it and ca n't remember why he should use this word . the student who learned ` why ' using exactly this word , can everytime remember . an other reason why i believe that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact is because student do n't learn how to solve problematic issue . when they only learn fact , they are not able to understand the real problem , because the never learned how different concept work . they just learned what the fact are , but every single issue differs from the exactly learning structure , so they maybe do n't understand the idea . but student who learned how to deal with idea and different concept , are able to solve the problem better . finally , in my opinion it is easier to learn fact than to understand idea and concept . that is an important aspect , because many student may be a little bit stupid or are not very intelligent , but they get the same grade than the intelligent one because of learning fact . that is would n't be right , because when a student understands the idea und understands the ` why ' , he is a very good at what he doe . but the student who just learns the fact , he is n't good at what he doe , he just can thing good in his mind . should this be the sense of learning ? in my opinion , it is n't . ultimately , i think understanding the concept and the idea is very important for a student . it is also important to learn fact , because in some subject you have to learn more fact than in others . but my reason and example demonstrated that it is the better for student to understand , so they keep thing better in their mind , the can solve problem better and the can be proud of their grade !