i agree to understand the idea and concept is important than learn the fact . it is because i think it is easier for you to doing something if you know concept . actually the concept and idea is the basic , if you know the concept of that thing , it is not hard for you to learn the fact . because the fact are also coming from the concept . for example , a studant can understand an idea of the calculas , it is not hard for him to do other question in the textbook . like the `` idea '' are the theory in the mathematics textbook , and the `` fact '' are the example that stated in the textbook , you may say it is easier for you read the example to know how to do the maths problem . and it seemed to be the fastest way for you to learn . but i am not agree to this , because i know that learning theory is the best way to do the question . because therea are a bunch of question in the maths textbook . if you are reading the example , you need to read at least ten example in one chapter . maybe you will get lose in the final few question , beacuse they are harder than before , they do n't show on the example . during a test , you may also get lost in it , because you never see them show on the textbook . but you only need to know two or three theory in one chapter , and you can know how to do all the question in this chapter or test . that 's why i think `` concept '' and `` idea '' can help more than the `` fact '' did . the fact may be varied and have many different kind , but all of them are based on concept . that 's why it is not hard for you to do something if you are already know the concept of it . the other exmaple of understanding concept is better than learning fact is cooking a cake . because it is almost the same for cooking different kind of cake , whatever the intergents or how to cook . you still need egg , flour , butter and so on . and finally you still need to put it into the oven . whatever you make a green tea cake or cheese cake . for you to know the fact are only both of them need egg , flour , green tea or cheese . that 's make you busy and need to memorize all of these . it will waste you more time and hard to memorize if you are going to learn hundred different kind of cake . finally , i perfer understand idea and concept are important for you to doing all the thing than learn the fact only .