i agree with the statement that state young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their own community because i feel that the youth of the nation in today 's scenario is more exposed to different thing in life in term of advancement in the technology and achievement in global comunications and world 's infrastructure . the teenager have greater accessibility to thing in life than in early day . the question of helping the society or do something beneficial for others seems le important to them , for many reason that keep them preoccupied and also for the fact that nowadays , most parent do not teach their child about society 's development , hygeine and may also hardly find any peer group who will be interested in any social activity . what keep them involved in themselves and staying aloof in their own world is the improvement in technology and communication where most teenager would want to experiment new thing and the urge of trying various new gadget and the resource for gaining more knowlegde where they can boost to their peer . the entertainment industry also play a major role here where the youth would want to be updated with all da latest movie , t.v show and music . the arrival of networking system and the internet give the youth more accessibility to thing in any part of the world at any time . within click , the information is present in front of them and be it on any subject matter . the night life in pub and clubbing is another method of socializing and keeping themselves partied with the high music blast and tapping of the floor . the sport is anther craze for the youth to be busy involved into , be it formula1 race , football , tennis or cricket . therefore , with the entertainment package and the encylopedia at their hand the youth nowadays hardly care for their own society but themselves . it is so much possible that they dont even find the time for the ocassional get togethers within their own community . leave alone community , may be for their own family member . everyone is so involved in their own daily task and routine , that even though it becomes mundane at a point , the youth will definately keep themselves occupied with something new to explore and learn . but will not think of helping their own community . the youth are not to be blamed here completely a it requires the awarenes and the sense of responsibility towards their own society which can be brought only by their own parent and elder and ofcourse the education that they are receiving . the show on tv also to a certain extend do influence the youth . therefore , more show and program should be telecasted and more film should be made to bring about the awareness within the youth . as the society we come from protrays the kind of person we are and th eliving standard we have .