during his or her education period everybody ha to decide wether to base on broad knowledge or to focus on a specific subject and specialize . the choice is difficult and both choice , of course , have different advantage and disadvantage which should be carefully explained in the following . at first i would like to make the point that all `` high-end-economies '' in generall base on share of work . for example in the western world , for instance in the u.s. or in germany nobody life only from the crop of his or her own garden . everybody focus on what he or she can do best and try to get his own advantage from this behavior . advantage in this context mean to earn money . this specialization is one core factor of wealth of our nation . therefore specialization can be called the key to acces in today society . as shown above our today society are very based on share of work , but i would like to state another important point . in my oppinion broad knowledge mean mostly few knowledge . this might sound strange at first , but let me explain it in a more detailed way : if someone , for instance , study many subject simular he or she doe not have enough time to get into the deepness of every single subject . as result the quality of what he or she learned about a single subject is lower than what somebody would have learned who focussed on the one subject . lastly i think that that you should not forget that the education time is usually to short to reach a broad knowledge . a `` normal '' student in germany ha for example about 4 year to finish his or her education and to start earning money . this is very few time to study two subject simultanously for instace . i have a friend for example who study economics and engineering and he always claim about to le leisure time . because of the above mentioned reason i have come to the conclusion that it is better to specialize in one specific subject . by specializing myself on ecomomics and wihin this subject especially on tax and tax law i am very sure to have made the right choice .