the statement that it is important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact might have varied opinion depending on how a person take it but i myself agree to the statement . for me if a student understands the idea and the concept about a particular topic , the student can get a clear picture of a to how that particular concept came into being by knowing the basic for it without ever getting the thought that how did he for that matter reach to this conclusion . whereas had the student just learned the fact , he would be just having sort of an overview of the topic without knowing any in-depth detail about that particular concept and still might have so many question regarding the topic which he might have not been able to answer by learning the fact . another point to understanding idea and concept is that upon understanding them , it would stay in student head longer and may be permanently a by understanding he would be knowing a to how a particular concept or idea evolved . he would be knowing the fundamental for the idea or concept and once a student is clear with his fundamental i personally think there should not be any problem anytime recalling it . this is not the case with leaerning just the fact , a one would have to keep going back to his note or book to memorize them a the fundamental have not been instilled into his mind which would have been the case if he might have understood it . besides the student can also try and relate to that particular idea , which they can later narrate with ease whenever asked to do so , if he understands that particular idea , without much of straining or stressing . while this might not be the case if the student is acquainted with just the fact , a learning the fact without knowing the basic for them is equivalent to or rather is cramming which doe n't help much and rather might end up pretty confused instead . an example supporting the above point that i made would be of a biology student . had the student just learned the fact about a ecology flowchart for a particular group of animal it would be okay , but might face problem when a question comprising another group of animal is given to him a he ha n't understood the basic principle onto which relationship between various animal is based . on the other hand a student who understands the concept for it will have no problem of answering the question anytime a it is all crystal clear in his mind .