it is claimed that teenager nowadays have le time to commit themselves to activity other than academic pursuit ; they do not give enough time to helping their community . however , i disagrees with the claim , a in the perspective of a young student , i still see a lot of young people squeeze out time to help their community . in my school , there are a lot of organized programme for student to engage in to help their community . we are offered precious opportunity to visit old folk home and valuable chance to ask for donation for disabled child . i wa also proud that i participated in activity for charity organisation to perform harmonica in public to gather donation from people . there are a lot of student who are also actively involved in community programme to fulfill themselves and to contribute to society and their community through whatever way they can . last year , local university stop to use community involvement programme ( cip ) a a criterion for admission of freshman applicant . the main reason is that the ministry of education ( moe ) wish to discourage student from participating in community programme for the sake of earning cip hour , which wa used a a criterion for university admission . however , after moe ha discarded the old system , there are still a lot of student who engage actively in community work , which is a testimony to the fact that most student are helping their community to contribute to society not , for the sake of getting into a university . in addition , given the ample opportunity for yound people to help their community , many have take advantage of the organized school activity to experience the real life of poor people . nowadays , people are generally more affluent than before , but there are still a lot of unfortunate people who can not escape from the vicious cycle of poverty . thus , some student from wealthy family take advantage of their opportunity to go overseas to help poor people . in my school , there are organized programme for student to travel to thailand and other poor area to help to teach the poor student who are deprived of the opportunity to learn in a comfotable classroom a we do . every year , there are a lot of student who apply for the programme , to the extent that our school ha to select student for the overseas trip . many student are compelled to help the poor people . those who are given the opportunity to travel abroad also ask for the whole school population to donate book and unused stationaries to the poverty stricken student . therefore , in conclusion , despite the hectic schedule of comteporary young people , i still think that many youth sincerely want to contribute to their community and help to make the world a better place for all homo sapiens to live in , regardless of race , language or religion .