many people are afraid when they try something new . on the other hand , some people enjoy the afraid feeling and the risk . many time , the some people , who try something not familiar , could be successful , fortunately . in my opinion , trying new thing is effective and essential to make one 's life and others ' life successful . the first reason why i think trying something new is right is that it need to be brave . even though there are a lot of damage and risk a you try a new thing , the difficulty probably can give chance to your life . bravery is one of the most important factor in order to not only be success but also live confidence . in that , trying something new mean the person is very brave , which need to be self-esteem oneself . i believe someone , who love oneself , can enjoy his or her life . in addition , trying something new give more oppurtunities . if you do what you already know how to do well , you would probably do not fail . however , you can not success a much a you want , because the ordinary thing is for everyone . the new thing are only way to get more oppurtunities . for example , bill gates is the richest person in the world . however , at first , his company wa not that much wealthy to make him the wealthiest person in the earth , because `` computer business '' wa not famous , then . fortunately , gates chanllenges into the new field , and he attains his goal and help other human to enjoy computer . finally , trying new thing make the world improved . when people who try new thing success , it mean the world becomes more comfortable . such a many inventor , scientist , or artist are the person who do express their idea in a new thing . because of their bravery , many human being ' life become more convenience and interesting . successful people who try new thing should be honoured by other people . i also want to be a successful people in order to improve not only me and but also other people . even though the first time to try new thing is hard , i will not be afraid of doing that . for thes reason , i think trying new thing is effective and essential to make one 's life and others ' life happier .