` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are ' . i completely agree with this statement . this is because nowadays advertisement ha become a very important issue for selling company product , therefore it ha become a great business . today the important of advertising product ha become essencial for their success over the population . this is why the importance of advertising and how product are shown to the population have increase in the past year . this is mainly because of the medium influencing the people . more people watch television or listen to radio and therefore the company with new product are encouraged to show these advertisement within these medias . they know about the people reaction to them and that they let themselves be influenced by these , having a positive response from the population . therefore , through this medium the company have the opportunity to show their new product a they newest and more advanced technological creation , which most of the time is completely false . the technique they use to describe the benefit of these product are various . for example there are many advertisement that take a good picture of the product and display it on a big pannel or on a magazine and when people look for the product they realize it is not what they expected to be . also this kind of ' false ' advertising is used mainly on the product which are asked by internet of by telephone . these are the typical product that will dissappoint you . another example are those long television commercial in which a product is shown and all it advantage are described and many reason why it ha to be purchase are given . in this way they start convincing and delighting you all the advantage described . more over , in this kind of commercial in order to make even more efficient they show other people 's testimonial about the product . in this way they convince you about the effectiveness of the product and therefore encouraging to buy it . finally , when the time come to recieve the purchase product seen by television or by internet the expectation are really high but after using it few time you realize it wa not a effective a shown in the advertisement . in conclusion , i agree with the statement that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . this is one of the reason for many product success , making company economy to increase .