it ha been said that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . some people agree with the statement because the oil which is essential substance to run a car is running out . but some people argue that more car will be in use in the future than the present . it is more appropriate to say the latter because with the rapid developing technology , people can develop a new substance to run car and the need for car will be increased . first , a new kind of substance to run car will be invented with the technology . some people might say that the number of car in use will reduce because the oil is running out fast . but with the technology of twentieth century , people can develop a brand new substance to run car more efficiently . for example , in the u.s , there is a research going on to make an engine which run with hydrogen . a solar-powered car is already produced by many country in the world and trying to make them cost-effective . it is going to take a lot of money and time but in a long run , it will save the human kind from the lack of oil . second , the need for transportation will increase exponentially . the population of the earth is increasing slowly . the increase in population will arouse the increase in demand to move to a place . for example , more people will travel to other country and the most preferred method to travel is car . if people need car , the car factory will produce more car and the production line can not be stopped . some people argue that airplane and bus do the job but people who want to go to a private place always need car . in a nutshell , the number of car in use will not be fewer in the future than the present because people are trying to invent a new type of source to run car and a the population increase , the demand to travel increase a well . people nowadays are too familiar with car that they will not like change in the transportation . rather than make change , they will develop a new method to continue the original transportation .