automile is one of the greatest eventions in the history of human , which brought huge change of human life . with the improvement of life level and the transition of comsuming idea , more and more people got car in their life during the 20th century especially the last year of 20th century . however , a the entering the 21th century , the increasig of car will deline and i believe that there will be fewer car in use than there are today some day in the future . the reason for i hold this opnions are a follows : first of all , people are more and more considering the importance of protecting our damaging envionment . we began to aware that air pollution wa one of the big problem of the envionment problem and one of the big cause of this serious situation is the huge amount of gas emited by million of thousants of car . so , nowadays especially in developed countris , people are asked to take more bicycle to work or camp instead of taking car . even some people consitiously resist the increasing car which wa a primary cause of our envionment polltion . so , i think that with the attitude transition and the realization of necessity of reducing car in order to protect our envionment , people will began to use more and more alternative , such a bicycle which is le pollluted , a their transpotations tool . second , with the development of internet , home office became available , which mean people might not need to travel far away to get to the office and start to work . so , a more and more people choose to work at home , there would be le requirment a car to take them to a far distance to work . thirdly , a more and more government are trying to improve the transpotation , in order to convenient those people who could not afford car , bus would become more and more important to people 's daily life . consequently , people will rely on bus touring instead of car a long a the transpotation greatly improved and bus transpotation became really conveneint . to sum up , because of more and more serious air pollution and people 's awaraness of protecting of our enviornment , home office became availale , and improvement of transpotation condition , i believe that there wi