today , we are living in an age of consumption , by consuming various product either because we vitally need them or we are conditioned to do so . as a consequence we are destined to make continuo choice about our consumption and advertisement hold an unavoidable place in the process . the way we determine our choice among , more or le equally qualified , product is connected to the way they are promoted to u to a great extent . there are two way that the advertisemets take hold of our choice , first , they associate superior quality to a product , apart from the reality behind . as an example to such a situation , we can look at an experiment made my coca-cola expert testing their new formulation of coke , in late 1980s , to reveal the reason behind the steep decrease in the sale . when the expert made people try both coca-cola and pepsi , without indicating their brand , even the coca-cola fan were not able to distinguish between the two brand and chose pepsi , a being coca-cola . the main outcome of the experiment wa the indication that coca-cola fan were overall choosing the brand based upon bombardment of advertisement , instead of a distinct difference in taste . the second role of advertisement to promote a product is to associate it with another aspect of life , generally with satisfaction of another need . for example , in most of the advertisement of gilette , we see a sexy guy , half-naked , shaving himself and being adorned by woman . such advertisement give the message of : shaving with gilette make you attractive for woman , is an important tool in increasing the sale of the product , by implicitly satisfying a subconscious desire of men . overall , it becomes apperant that , in a world of choice accompanied by numerous product on shelf , advertisement manipulate our action . that is why big corporation invest million of dolars in advertisement , a a sign of huge gain coming from advertisement . at this point , it is our responsibility , to make most keen choice by comparing the quality of a product with it price .