the advertisement are widely used from the beginning of the humanity to sell product . they are very crucial in the marketing world . ads simply use the gap in the human psychology a a weapon to make the human buy the product . but in the advertisement world , marketing strategy are very important . these can completely bankrupt the company or can make the company the world most successful company in the world . first of all , it is important to examine the human behaviour to use the advertisement a a selling tool . humans are very interesting creature . they never know where to stop . they always want more and more . the searching for the highest never stop . ads use this defect in the human psychology . even if the product that are advertised are not tremendous , it is the ad ' quality that make these product sold . the advertisement company or agent know that if they can make the ad brilliant , more and more people will want to buy them . they know that people want to use better product that they are currently usign , so even though the product are not sufficient in quality , more appealing ad prompt the people to buy them . secondly marketing strategy are very important to determine the product ' selling rate . for example , i have been always eating the same brand of sweet throughout my life . last year a new brand of candy is exposed to the public and the ad of this sweet wa starred by a famous person . the ad wa perfect and appealing and i decided to go and buy that sweet . i ate it but it wa the worst thing that i have ever seen in my life . after that i searched the financial position of this company and i stumped what i saw . the ad increased the profit of this company by 200 % . what an amazing situation , is n't it ? to sum up , i believe that the advertisement are key feature of the selling process . the ad can make the product more qualified even if it doe n't . the advertisement company usually benefit the desire in the human to sell the product . i am also a human and distracted by the trick the ad do on me , but i think that buying and trying the new product will not harm anybody . if you do n't like never buy it , that is how the advertisement work .