we are living in the world were technological , ecological , sociological and business are growing at much faster rate . this achievement is possible only if one understands how to attain such advancement . each student is considered to be future scientist , professional , businessmen , poltician or artist . from the begining of the student journey at time the student is taught to learn rather than understand the concept and idea since child is not in the postion to understand anything . understanding concept and idea at time could be equally important to learning fact . in case where history is related it is usually suggested to learn the fact , since the fact can never be modified , whereas the idea and concept can only be understood for better knowledge about the topic but idea keep changing with time . fact such a two multiplied by two yield four or when wa gandhi born , or how wa the indira gandhi assainated , or when did two country signed the treaty , or about the 9/11 attack , or when did india got freedom , or in oder to run the computer or free up the resource of the to make it more efficient , where in such case the computer operator ha to perform some fixed step thesis are some fact which i believe can only be learned . since the there is no scope for any modification . if a computer student ha to develop complex program in order to achieve the succes in programming then that student ha to not only learn the fact but also make an effort to understand the concept behind each task or module . if student only learn the syntax would not help any student to suceed in computer field if one ha to excel in business one ha to not only learn fact such which product if marketed in xyz area would yied high profit or be aware figure of the stock market , share but also one ha to understand the core i : e concept and idea such a how do business survive , how do merger and acquisations take place how are business revenue oriented . and how dod one business have competitive advantage over another business . in case of student there some subject such a chemistry , physic , math sanskrit which are taught in class . these are subject which should be understood and aswell a learned the fact where necessary . i believe understanding the