i disagree with the statement saying `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use , '' bacuase it is unrealistic . cars are essential item for people to live with all over the world today , and it is impossible that people invent something substitute to car . in japan , for example , people can get around only by puclic transportation only in the major city , such a tokyo or osaka . anywhere outside of them can not function without car which transfer good and people from and to the place . my family doe not own a car , however , this is because we live in the tokyo area where train come every three minute . this sotuation is expeptinal compared to other city in the world , and people still have car in tokyo to step out of this area . in america , the situation of public transportation is even worse . since america is such a huge country where the population is scattered , people have to drive wherever they go . it is true to almost all the major city , such a los angeles or wahington d.c. only new yorkers can afford not to have car . in most of the part in the coutry , people can not even go shopping or school without car . i once lived in the san francisco bay area , which is known for it great public transportation represented by bart , yet i still wished to have a car in order to go out safely at night . bart doe not run a late and frequesnt a subway in tokyo , therefore people need car anyway even in the city in the states . there is no plan to expand public transportation service either . even if so , it is not realistic to accomplish it in twenty year . this provides the vision that the world remain to need a many car a it doe today . there is nothing that can cause declining of car in number . moreover , more and more country are developing it ecomony and industry nowadays . china is a good example of a quickly developing country . when the nation develops , there will be more population and movement of people and good , which requires the cheapest mean of transportation ; car . more developing county will need car for it development , and people who have never the need for environmentally conscious car technology will be in greater need in the future , however , the need for car itself will not decline .