multidisciplinary knowledge always helpful in professional and academic world . but , this is not always helpful in all the case specifically in academic . specialization in a specific subject is very important in the context of science and technology , where the research is a major point of interest . without the specialization it is not possible to built the technological society , in which we are living now and which ha been built by effort of many scietists . hence , i disagree with statement which is focusing on broad knowledge of many academic subject . if we consider the broad knowledge in many subject then the student will not be informed completely about any subject . so , he had very brief knowledge in all the subject and he will become a generalist in the context of academic . specialization in an specific subject will mould the student a a perfectionist in the subject of his interest . these perfectionist inturn can help the society in their related field . a science and technology perfectionist can do research and invent new thing , which are ultimately intend tp help the society . without the specialist or the perfectionist we would not have developed the transportation vehicle such a truck , car etc. , communication system on which we are depended a lot in our daily life in the present world , and the medicine or drug which are quiet helpful in alleviating the suffereing . but , only one specialist can not produced a newthing , he take help from many other specialist form other related field so that he make a product in efficient manner . there are many university in the which are offering undergraduate honor degree , which comprises of many academic subject to give an basic knowledge of different subject with a major focus on a specific degree , which ha been taken by the student . but , incase of graduate study , the university mainly offer specialization program . the undergraduate program create an interest of subject in the mind of student so that he choose between a pool of graduate course by showing the project in the field of interest he had completed in undergraduate . so , ultinately the specialization is matter a lot to settle down in a competitive world . specialization play very major role and it is highly respected in the professional world . for example , if software company got a problem with their server , then they have to call up the service who can able to solve the problem . eventhough the function and working of server are well known by the software engineer , who are employed by the company , they are not the person to handle and solve the problem . so , specialist the service engineer here can solve the problem . to sum i will not agree with the statement and i always support the specialist , who are quiet helpful to the socie