i agree with the statement of succussful people taking risk . i believe that not changing approach from old way is not always the best thing . it cause people not to open up their mind to new thing , which lead to slower progression . one need to try new thing so that he or she could `` evovle '' to become better . examples of individual took in new thing are shingo suetsugu and ichiro suzuki . suetsugu became the first japanese to medal in the sprinting at the world competition . he wa able to do so beacuse he took a different approach to running . another person is ichiro suzuki . ichiro is one of the greatest baseball in the history . his approach to baseball ha been very much different from the others . his batting style is very distinct , which show his acceptance of new thing . it wa great for them for taking in new approach for running , otherwise they might not have been successful . shingo suetsugu became a world class sprinter after he took a different approach than in the past . at first , this new style of running did not show much improvement . normally , people would doubt this new way because they do not see any benefit , but suetsugu did not do that , he kept going with the new way . through training with the new method and modifying it , his time slowly but surely started to improve . as a result , he wa able to compete at a world class level and get the bronze medal . another individual of a successful person is also an athlete , ichiro suzuki . ichiro is now one of the greatest baseball player . how did he become such a great player ? this is due to the fact that he tried new thing ; he did not just follow what others were doing . normally , people bat with their dominant side when they are young , but ichiro did not do that . he believed that left side , the non-dominate side for him , would be better because it wa closer to first base . in addition , he started to move toward first base a he hit , which wa also new . with these new approach his hitting improved . now he ha become a successful player . people often do not want to take risk because they fear that it may cause harm to them . but in order to be successful , one must take risk . as in the example stated previously , those that took risk became successful . it is the unkown that make someone different and be successful .