life is a game it is to enjoy in the right path but it not bed of rose unfortunately . the word enjoy is a word which people universally are familiar with and there no human who doe not want to enjoy life . the preference in the way to enjoy life might differ from person to person . enjoying the one which we all like make u happy , keep u away from problem which we think of all the time and brood over it . enjoyment doe improve the life style and the way we look at our life . we do learn much while we enjoy something we relish . but people do have certain restriction a they grow old it might be the decrease in interest , mental stress , much work , heavy responsibility and ofcourse health condition . there is the fact that it how an individual want to lead life . i personally feel that the younger generation these day are enjoying more than the older people do that could be mainly because there are many area which offer people to enjoy especially for the youngster . secondly the youngster of today are much bold and courageous and the way they look at lfe is diffrent than how the older people do . the youngster are much aware of what is happening in and around the world and even that arouses the scope to enjoy . even the stress that younger people have thesis day is much , which ever field they are up to stress them and thats because we are into the computer world and the rate of competition is much higher and keep growing and hence to over come the amount of stress and to stay away from the stress is to enjoy thats the only way one can do when i wa kid there were hardly any house that had a television but now every house doe have and most of the child love watching television they really enjoy it . there were no computer in house 22 year back but today most child enjoy playing game , watch a movie , browse the net , chat and so on . as people have changed there life style even the society build much more corner giving the way for the younger people to choose what they like to enjoy the most . younger people enjoy concert both jazz and pop . there are place for the week end that doe give way for the youngster to dance and relax themselves . there are resort in almost all place where the youngster can hang around in the weekend and in the holiday . thirdly there are wide range which one can choose to enjoy life and it is also safer and healthier . which ever one chooses it within his or her own reach . certainly the stress , the explosure to the world , the rate of competition , the wide varities one can choose is making youngster enjoy life better or more than older people .