when it come to car use , the tendency seems to be upward sloping and that is why i believe that twenty year from now , there will be more car than there are today ; but i believe that car wont be the same a they are today . within the past fifty year , the number of car ha grown drastically worldwide . if we take a look back in time we can easily realize that during the 1950 's family were accostumed to having one car if any per household , while today , on the other hand , most family tend to own two car . this growth pattern could have been caused by change that have taken place in society such a the incorporation of more woman to the labor force , but the truth is that today we have more car than we used to . therefore , it seems reasonable to expect a continuous increase in the number of automoviles within the next twenty year . it is true that car use keep incrementing , but it is also true that now people are more concious of the environmental problem than they were before , and that is why reform are being put in place in order to reduce car use . such reform include high parking rate and tax on big automoviles , such a jeep . while these reform seem harsh , the number of car ha not been decreased substancially and that is why i believe that the tendency will continue to be upward sloping . on the other hand , while i believe that automoviles will keep increasing , their manufacture will have to be more environmentally concious and that is why car will not be the same a they are today . a possible change which seems to work is the use of hydroelectric engine ( engine which are electrically powered ) . these vehicules utilize water tank in order to generate motion . another posibility is incorporating sun pannels in car , just like the one which are now used in home in order to obtain energy from the sun 's ray . both these technology , are le pollutant than the technology implemented in regular car and that is why it seems reasonable that new car will implement one of these two . in conclusion , i believe that the number of car will continue to grow during the next twenty year , but i also understand that the situation is unsustainable a it is today and that is why car technology will have to change drastically in order to protect our planet from pollution ; therefore , car will have to change .