nowadays , people start worrying about the future of the car . the car is an everyday necessity for most people in our developed country but it also raise many issue such a pollution and urban mobility . i think that within twenty year , there will be fewer car for these two issue will have been adressed . urban mobility is a major subject for all big city all over the world . if you want to keep a city attractive for investor , worker , tourist and inhabitant , people have to be able to move , and what 's more , to move fast . of course , to make it possible , there 's a need for space . the issue at state is obviously economical . traffic jam are a sign of a lack of space and above all the need to launch great urbanisation policy . a few year ago , london decided to instaure a fee for car who wanted to circulate in the inner city . paris , is launching a great campaign to encourage people to take public transportation instead of their own car . i reckon that efficient public transportation is the key success to an attractive city . cars are no longer the future of city and for this reason there will be fewer and fewer car within two decade . but the most preoccupying problem caused by car is pollution . indeed , car are responsible for a large part of environmental problem such a the pollution of air . even though , car are used everywhere in developed countires , they are concentrated in small urban center , which make it all the more concerning . in city , the density of car and the traffic jam make pollution a real preoccupation . despite the urban mobility policy , the development of alternative technology can also help to reduce pollution . but , for these new technology are expensive , i think people will prefer public transportation to these new car . over all , there will be fewer car because they cause too many problem . in conclusion , i think that in twenty year there will be fewer car because urban mobility will become a field of economic competition between big city and that environment concern will be taken seriously .