agree . i completely agree with the statement . most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . the statement can be applied to almost any field . firstly , the fact presented in the ad are not always correct . these generally are not tested or not verified . say , at one time an ad in asian country about the heat pump said that the device can output two unit of heat energy when it take only one input of electrical energy . now this challenge the very law of conservation of energy . but it doesnt tell about an additional unit of heat energy the device take from surroundings . so on the part of the consumer it becomes really difficult to believe such fact . secondly , it sometimes happen the statistical result shown about a product are not taken considering all possible situation . say for example the window beta version ad said that it can work longer . but in actual working the software crashed after working continuously for forty-eight hour . one obvious possible reason is that it wa never tested in such condition . so in ad it looked very efficient , much more than it actually wa . thirdly , sometimes the ad make comparison with the other product of same category . in such comparison they highlight those parameter which are good in their product a compared to the other product . but rarely they compare all the parameter including those in which their product is inferior in performance to the other company 's product . they never show the actual tradeoff between the positive and negative of the product . so the comparison can be misleading very often to the consumer . lastly , very few ad show the potential harm a product can cause to a human or entity using it over long period of time . for example a computer monitor manufacturing company very rarely focus on the part that continuous exposure to the screen can strain the eye which can have serious medical problem in long run . so the consumer never get to know about these problem thinking that the product is efficient and doesnt even strain the eye . rarely such ad suggests to use anti-glare protective screen . by using the above stated supporting reason and approriate example most advertisement make product seem much better in performance and efficiency than they really are .