i think the statement that ` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community ' is too general . it always depends on the type of person whether he want or doe not want to serve his community . there have always existed people who owing to there ambition or vested interest do not give time to helping their community . so saying that this is the case at present only , would be very unfair . there are numerous example of young people world over who made it their life target to serve their community . but i would agree to the point that there ha been a considerable decrease in the number of young people serving their community . this is mainly do the following reason . due to the process of rapid globalization the belief of one community is decreasing a people now consider themselves more a part of the world cosmopolitan community rather than to aparticular community . also due to the ever increasing competetion in evey field the young people do not find much time to serve their community . the high amount of stress the youth are undergoing due to the ever increasing work pressure make them believe in enjoying whatever free time they get . so they are more inclined to merryment and party in their free time rather than to serve their community . earlier the reason for more contribution by the youth towards their community and country wa that most of the country were under alien rule and were fighiting for their freedom . so this generated more patriotic tendency among the young people . today this factor is absent at most of the place . i feel that today youth are more inclined to first make their life successful and then at a later stage in life when they have achieved their target they contribute to their community . for example bill gates , in his youth might not have found much time to serve his community to agreat extent , but now that he ha achieved his target he is contributing a lot to the people of america . in my country india , there is a group called rss which is mainly composed of young people with senior leader to guide them . the main objective of the group is community service i.e. serving people in case of drought , flood , natural calamity or any problem for that matter . also in college we have student teaching underpriveleged people free of cost in the evening hour . so we find that though there ha been a decline in the number of people serving there community but still there is lot of work being done by the young people . here i would also like to point out that though some young people might not be serving their community in particular but by working in the field of scientific advancement in nation which offer better opportunity they are serving the humanity a a whole and so they are also serving their community . thus i partially agree with the statement that thought there ha been a decrease in the number of youth serving their community but still there are youth making effort in this direction . also they might not be contributing much in their youth but in a later stage of life when they have achieved their goal they contribute in a big manner .