i completely agree with these statement . when a new product , whether is a service or an item , is launched , almost all the time , the marketing people ha to find a way to enhace it quality in order to convince the final user to buy it . researchers say this is almost psichological based in the client expectation about the product , for example , if the product will make the user feel or look better , or if the product will give it user some kind of social position , specially talking of a trademark such a louis vuitton , rolex , etc. , so the marketing crew reflects those product or service attribute that will make the final consumer feel he is adquiring a great thing . but this doe not mean the product will be able to reach all the client expectatives . there are some time , when the client buy something , guied by a great advertisement , which enhanced to the top all the quality of the product , and , maybe , others quality that actually are not part of it , giving a great deception to the consumer when he use it . this also make a disadvantage in advertising which show product much better than they actually are , because if a consumer is disappointed with it buy , chance are that he will tell to at least ten person that the product he buyed , atractted by a false advertisement is not a good a they offered , thus , these other ten person will also chat to other people the feeling of the first disappointed consumer , making them consider other option in the same range of product to buy instead of the one advertised . there even have been some legal action against the `` lier manufacturer '' . trying to avoid some of these case , manufacturer are actually putting some `` little label '' on their product , to explain to the consumer that some of the product quality ha been enhaced in order to show them better . for example , in cereal box , almost always show the little phrase , `` enlarged to show texture '' , but not to make the consumer that the product size is actually like the photo on the box . to conclude , i think it is better to show the real quality of a product , just a they are , or at least , to make any statement of the reason they enhanced their product , just a the example i made of the cereal box .