along with change in generation , induviuals belief , thought , and reasoning change . i have seen generation right from my great grand mother age down to my little sister . for me the defination of enjoyment hold a lot of significance . enjoyment according to me is a state in which an induviual attains `` ultimate happiness '' in what ever he or she is performing . i completely disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . to say that young people do not enjoy life comparitively is false and incorrect . if the defination of enjoyment remains stationary , then so doe it impact on people life . the only difference arises in th eway people percieve and interpret it to be . enjoying and relishing life to the fullest can be accomplished in several different method . to enjoy life one doe not have to be of any particular age limit . my sister often asks my grandmother to go and enjoy her life and not sit in front of the television box the whole day and eat . but my grandmother often tell her that for her the television and food is her ultimate sense of enjoyment . for my sister to party and go out everyday with her friend is her source of entertainment and enjoyment but for someone whose old may look at it in a different way . they may say that this girl is spoilt she go out everyday , but that is her sense of enjoyment . the difference clearly lie in the way people interpret it . but according to me my grand mother is enjoying her life a much a my sister is and she love her life to be the way it is . by watching television it doe not make her inferior , she recieves a much a joy and happiness a my sister doe by going out and partying . there is no consise defination of enjoyment my grandmother is expressing the ultimate sense of happiness she sachieves by doing teh deed above which is basically her defination of enjoyment . yes , the generation have changed , technology and science have advanced a lot into this modern world of ours . but emotion , feeling and the way to express it have all remained the same . it is important that the young generation begin to value and respect the emotion and the method of expressing them from the older generation .