there are lot of car today anywhere on earth , and it is clear that the number of using car ha been steadily increased by the development of technique in making car . although more and more car are still made for many people who want to buy it , i think the popularity of the car may be decreased in twenty year for the following reason . first of all , there are too many risk to drive a car in real life . even though the modern car are well-equipped to reduce the risk broken out during the accident , it can only minimize the risk of the accident , not prevent it from original occuring . in reality , the more car are bought , the more accident are occured by it . furthermore , the risk of driving a car is much severe than we expect . if we are injured by the car accident , it might cost not only a lot of money for u to cure our body but also lot of time for u to overcome the mental fear from the accident . so , for this reason , i think many people will not use the car a much a it is used now for their safety . moreover , there are lot of other convenience transportation around u , especially the subway which can substitute the role of the car perfectly . these day , we use subway very often when we go to somewhere we want . different from the beginning of the history of the subway , we are now easily accessible to the subway station near to our home , school , and workplace ; therefore , we can go anywhere we want also by using the subway , not by the car . and the strong point of the subway is that it help u save our time . there are so many car on the road that it not only make u be tired of the traffic jam but also make it difficult for u to arrive at the place in the time we want . that is , using car can be the waste of our own time . thus , i think the subway will be used much more than the car in the near future . in conclusion , i agree with the statement that the number of people who use the car will be decreased in twenty year , for the reason i mentioned above : severe risk that the car can bring and the appearance of the more convenience transportation such a the subway .