whether it is important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . according to me , for a student to understand or to know about any subject , both understanding of idea and concept , and , learning fact are the vital part . but in my view or opinion i would give more weightage to the learning of fact instead of understanding idea and concept beacuse of following reason . firstly , a for any student , studying in school and university for his first 15-25 year of life would basically teach him to understand various idea and concept through various book and through various teacher but he would certainly gain or expands his knowledge from his practical experience or by learning fact only . like for any medical subject student , who from his textbook and through his teacher learn various aspect and idea for medical practise but his basic and important learning would based on how he work in the hospital , by checking the original disease affected body . another reason for my favouring of learning fact a against understanding of idea and concept would be that by only learning idea and concept of any subject the student would not be successfull in his life or career because without any practical experience or going through with fact he can not able to show his talent or performance on the field or practise area . like only by studing various concept of music like it history . about various type of singing the student or person would not become a good singer , so it is by learning fact in practical experience the aspiring singer would able to know whether he should continue with this music class or not . so , by adding all above reason , in my opinion learning fact is more important then learning idea and concept of any particular subject . though learning idea concept which our textbook and teacher teach u are not the thing which one should not do but gaining practical experience or understanding or learning fact is like expanding the knowledge of particular subject which one should not afford to skip in his life in order to be successfull person or entity in life .