car industry is one of the biggest industry of the world today . car are part of the daily life of people all over the world . i do n't know how many people take their car every morning to reach their job location ? so , for sure i can not imagine our society without car today . .. but in twenty year ? to try to answer to this problematic i will first hightlight the reason why i think it 's possible to have fewer car in use in twenty year . then i will focus on the opposite argument . first we can consider that with the development of other transportation industry like plane , train , bus etc . .. people will more and more use these transport instead of their car . this will be probably more true for people who life in big city . for example , in mexico city , you may take 4 hour to cross the city from the north to the south . but if you use the bus or subway network , one hour could be enough . .. so what i would like to demonstrate is that the use of the car could be a drawback in such situation and i think that people will be more and more aware about that . the other factor that can influence people to use le their car is the competitive price of other transportation . for example , with the low cost company you can go and go back from paris to milano by plane for around 50 us dollar . secondly , i have to admit that even if new opportunity to move from a point to another one are increasing and will continue to , people like and need to have their own car . i will take two example to show how i imagine the way the car in use will increase . for instance , in france ( but i guess it 's the same in most country ) , people are more and more living in the suburb or big citties . they think the quality of the life there is better . but with this new way of life , they will for sure need to use their car to go to the center of the city where their job is , but also the supermarket etc . .. the second example i would like to give you is a mexican example . in mexico , you use car to show your social level . so most of the rich mexican people owns more than one car . they have a car to go at work , a car to go out , a car to do shopping etc . .. but mexico will be probably more developed in twenty year , that mean more wealthy people and so more car in use . .. so , from my point of view , in twenty year we will propably be able to decrease the number of car in use , but due to the social life amd the habit of people it will be impossible . to conclude i will say that even if i do n't believe it will be possible in twenty year , i really hope that it would be in the future . .. we need to preserve our environment . .