travelling can serve many purpose , ranging from pleasure and academic to business . a guided tour is often part of the former example of travelling ; for one 's pleasure or academic purpose . the best way to travel is not in a group led by a tour guide , however ; if i had the choice , i would rather travel alone . this is because of freedom that solo travel provides : freedom of planning your own travel , and freedom of avoiding problem caused by other group member . first , a benifit of travelling alone is that it give you the freedom to plan your own travel . since you are the only one who ` singed up ' for the tour , you are free to decide on the place you want to go to , when to go there , and what to do when you get there . as an example , when i went to hawaii last summer , i decided to go there on my own , rather than joining a group tour . because of that , i wa able to see what i wanted to see ; the beach to surf , rather than going shopping mall , which the tour focused . also , i wa able to pick when i wanted to go , unlike the fixed date indicated on those tour . by travelling alone , i wa able to enjoy my stay in hawaii based on the greater magnitude of freedom i had . second , travelling alone give you an additional degree of freedom since you are free from problem caused by others ; the possible cost i may have to incur due to action of others . imagine a scenario where i decided to sign up for a group tour to hawaii . the schedule of which plane to take and what time the bus would come and pick me up at honolulu international ha already been planned out . but it 's not just my schedule ; it 's the entire group 's schedule . let 's say that several selfish people decided to show up late . the whole tour ha to suffer from the possible consequence caused by those individual ; perhaps skiiping an activity we wanted to do or even delaying the trip entirely . it would n't make sense if the tour had to give up going to the beach because some individual wa taking too long deciding on whether she should get a pink or a white coach bag . by traveling alone , i am able to avoid possible problem caused by irresponsible companion . on the statement of `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , '' i disagree in respect to the lack of freedom i would get from travelling in a group . travelling alone would allow you to plan your own trip , ( the freedom of choosing the activity and it day ) and avoid possible problem caused by accompanying tourist ( such a skipping or delaying an activity . ) unless i am certain that the tour somewhat follows an agenda similar to that of mine , i would not consider traveling on a group tour led by a guide .