academic education is based on specific subject that one can choose in order to persue their study in something that interest them . during one 's year in school , some subject are recommanded - or i may say imposed . sometimes one find oneself studying for a subject that doe not interest one at all . and so one make sure not to take such a course in college . every student want to go to college in order to be `` free '' and to do the subject that they enjoy the most . it is usually something that they are pationate of . well at least it should be , concidering they will make a career out of it . i doubt that anyone would study for something that they find boring . however , having a good knowledge is necessary. a knowledgeable person is someone who is smart and open to any information he/she can get . it is of course someone curious . for that matter , i can agree to this statement . having a good culture can open a lot door to success . it is also a good mean to be satisfied with one 's consciens . this may be a very philosifical matter but it can be concidered . for instance , a housewife , who ha 4 children-of different age - is the source of answer for her child . whenever one of them have a question - it can be for anything from school to social life - they will come to their mother . for them the mother is the source of reason . but what if the mother wa illeterate or ha very little knowledge , who will they go to for advise ? who is the person that they can trust to tell tehm the whole truth ? in that case , the answer is no one . so , in my opinion , i think that having a broad knowledge of many academic subject is better than to specialize in one specific subject if it come to cultural knowledge - for example the housewives-but if it come to a 18-year-old who is enterring college to prepare his future , i think that a specific subject is better because then he/she would be concentrating on thing that they will make in the right way unlike those who ruchs into thing and end up not finishing them . like they always say : it 's the quality not the quatity '' .