youth need to come out of the dark i agree with the statement that young people these day have very le participation in the activity helping their community . due to the advanced thinking and mindset of the people nowadays they are more oriented towards personal benefit . there are many reason for such trend and thnikng . people these day face much more competetion in all level be it high school or graduate school . more the competetion more is the pressure and people tend to involve themselves in achieving the single set target than to think about society a bit . economic factor matter a time like in the middle class the parent have lot of expectation and to cope up with them you have no other choice but work for your goal . which is obviously a very good thing for people have have determination towards their goal , but in turn it affect their social life heavily . many of the people do n't even realise that they are a part of the community and need to work helping a better one . due to advent of the modern age people tend to enclose themselves in their private place with the electronic medium , and spending much of their time with it . number of social gathering and mutual co-ordination have gradually be declining these day . gone are the day when people collectively fight for the cause to help the majority of the community . none of the youth have any interest in politics these day , they do n't care about functioning of the state . all this is gradually declining and it doe n't mean that no care now about anything not they own privately . still there are many people who actively engage themselves in helping others for the general cause , however tight their schedule is . this number need an increase and thats not what we find happening today . people need to understand that the community they live in belongs to them and everybody need to contribute for it the healthy functioning . they need to come out of the selfish attitude . also taking part in activity that help the community will give u a feeling of self satisfaction and happiness . and can also be an effective way for stress relief , which is a big problem these day .