in the past fifty year , the number of car ha continuously exploded a the need to move away from where one life ha made itself clear . such a dynamic ha lead to an exhaustion of the oil ressources that will be effective in a few year from now . the continuous development of asian and african country unvariably go along with a grow in their number of car , making their gas consumption ever increasing , while the western country ' keep still . such an increase will ultimatly lead to the depletion of the energy that ha kept them running until now : oil . that depletion will lead to the reduction and ultimately to the extinction of the car a they now exist , being ran on gas . a total disapperance of the mean of transportation on long distance would lead to the destruction of the western economy system which is not tolerated by those country . the rarification of oil ha already led scientist to seeking new energy . these so called `` green energy '' have to be available on a very large scale , storable and usable to run a car , without having any long term effect on nature , and having to be a safe a possible . for the moment , chimical battery have shown their limit a to how long they allow a car to be used before reloading the battery . the hydrogen battery that is for the moment the best shot for engine propulsion is still not effective enough and to dangerous for the user in case of a car crash . for the moment , no viable solution ha been commercialised on the market , and there is no knowing whether or not the solution will be found in the year to come . but what is for sure is that once the sign of the real disappearance of oil are clear to every country , every one will seek solution that can support their economy , for their economy allows them to live . so in twenty year time , the number of car will not be lower than today , but higher a new population u them . but they will not be ran with oil . so indeed , there will be fewer car ran with oil than there are today .