with the technology developing so fast today , we have to say that the science and technolgy have have changed our world a lot . and transportaion also ha improved a lot comparing to what it is year ago . now air plane , underground , ship are widely used in transportaion . but if one say that in tewnty year there will be fewer car than there are today . i strongly disagree with the view . first of all , car are really convinient for people to travel , especially when the trip is short . it can drive from one place to another quickly . for example , in the city we are live in , we have to work , study or see friend everyday . if one ha a car , it can save him a lot of time everyday . no need to stand in a line for the bus and being hurry to catch a underground in order not to be late . cars provide people with a good way to avoid the problem mentioned above . for this reason , more and more people will buy car on their own . seconly , it is necessary for a family to own a car . a case to prove the point is a example of mine . we have a car of our own . so when we want to go out for a trip , we can drive there ourselves . it liberates my parent from arranging a ticket or finding the way we should follow . sometimes we can not go to a place because there is no transprtation to there in the past . so with the demand of the family , there will be more car on the road in the future . more and more family would like to have car at that time . lastly , we can find out that it is more and more busy on the way now that before . maybe in the future there maybe other kind of car to subsitute the car we are using now . for the car are comfortable and convinient , no other transportation can replace them . and it will also be cheaper in future , so having a car is the first choice of many people , just like the bike today in china . from all above , we can get to the conclution that car are taking a important part in people 's everyday life . nothing else can substitute it in many aspect . so to the oppsite of the point that mentioned in the theme , i think there will more people choose car a their first transpotation when they are out and certainly there will be more car in twenty year .