making so generel a statement ( such a `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' ) can only lead to an ambiguous answer : one can not divide the world so easily . it appears theoretically right to say that young people enjoy more life ; i would say they have le reason to be bitter : they have not yet been confronted to the affliction . for example they do n't know about the wound of love , the stress of work or the responsibilites of adult life like monetary preoccupation . children have much to learn and their ignorance protects them from unhappiness . but it is this same ignorance that rule their somehow unstable behaviour : unhappiness ( manifested through abundance of tear , scream ) can hit them for an unimportant reason . a child who see his parent go for work might seem to have seen them die , cry for long minute ; their despair is intense . this emotional unstability ha another side : unhappiness doe rarely last and the cry child can be seen a few minute later playing and laughing . older people feel sadness differently and it change their overall happiness in various way : some will bear with pain the numerous difficulty they have encountered in their life ; they will accumulate and eventualy they will spend all day thinking about their preoccupation or affliction , neglecting the simple pleasure of life . a grown-up man will think about the girlfriend he just lost and think that there is no happy love ; he will see his parent grow old ant think of death , of the vanity of life . but on the opposite hand a man with the same background can react very differently : if he ha a philosophical temper , he will not fear death and think of a forthcoming love ; the thunderous atmosphere in his workplace will seem mundane , because they have seen it twice , thrice and more . nothing surprise him and he life in serenity , or at least he know how to deal with the pain of life . to say that young people enjoy more life than older people can be true , but we must add that young people suffer more intensely from life and it small detail than grown-ups . older people normally have a more linear behaviour , generally sad when they do n't know how to gauge the importance of what affect them , generally happy when they do .