the beginning of the 21rst century is highly marked by environmental consideration . the problem of pollution is more and more considered a a burning issue that must be tackled quickly to prevent some irreversible damage . that explains why many country now adopt policy to decrease the number of car . could we however imagine that there will be fewer car in use in twenty year than there are today ? on the one hand , we have seen recently that many effort are made to banish car . we can quote the example of london whose mayor ken livingston created a system of expansive toll at the enter of downtown to deter people from using their car . many other city such a paris hesitate to adopt these drastic kind of decision or to develop carpooling . moreover , the decreasing of oil ressources and the problem of instability in the country that produce this oil trigger a huge increase of the price of gasoline and we can easily imagine that only rich people could afford having a car if this trend still remains . last but not least , the warming of the earth due to pollution and more particularly gas emission ha compelled government to react with important agreement such a the kyoto summit which ha finally been accepted by california . the example of this state is quite relevant because it produce lot of pollution with big city such a los angeles . however , the governor ha recently decided to sue the car company that are accuded of being responsible for the pollution . even the people seem to be aware of the problem and try by themselves to lreduce their number of car and to restrain the use of them . so , we can imagine that the number of car will decrease in the next year . but on the other hand , twenty year is a too short period to change the mentality and the habit . in los angeles and many other big city , you are compelled to use car because the net of public transportation is not enough developped . in addition , banishing car would implie using more other mean of transportation like train or plane which are not always cheap and convenient . maybe , we could imagine that scientist will invent a new mean of transportation that will use renewable energy but it is hardly possible that it would be developped in the next twenty yeras . finally , the amazing growth of china and india will create a new demand for car that will probably compensate the positive effect of the reduction of car in developped country . as a conclusion , i am deeply convinced that the number of car will not decrease in the whole world in the next twenty year . indeed , this evolution is of course necessary but requires more time to find a new valid solution and to change people mentality .