seeing how much energy a young person ha , in contrast with an older one , you can think that young people enjoy life more than older people do . moreover , a young person seems to have le pressure on him , and the whole life-span in front of him , whereas an older one have already spent a great part of his time . so the statement seems to be right , but i am not of this opinion yet . in fact , i think older people can enjoy life more than young people , a long a they do not have physical impediment which are too big . when you have seen a lot of fact in your life and passed throught a lot of experience , you gain a vision about life which allows you to appreciate every nice moment in your life . you are able to see the valuable thing every day life can offer . on the contrary , when you are young and have still to show what you can become and what you can achieve , you have a lot of pressure on you . you are always trying to have more of everything , failing to appreciate what you have . too big ideal or goal make you not to see the beauty which surround you , because you are too concerned about finding your place in life . i can see that observing my parent , and the calm they have when they must front bad thing . they know they have the ability to pas through bad situation , because they have already done so in the past , whereas any problem seems a new and diffucult one to me , because my lack of experience . of course a young body is more efficient than an old one . this fact would support the statemets quite well , but with all the improvement in medicine and in life style , i think it is not a crucial issue . lots of friend of my parent go biking every weekend , and they are probably better trained than me . moreover , you generally have more money to spend when you are older , and this is surely an important factor in how much you enjoy life . you have lot of beautiful thing for free or at low price , and money doe not always mean happiness , of course . but some more money mean the possibility of choosing what you want to do among a wider spectrum of thing , and this is surely nice and helpful to enjoy life .