yes i agree that young people do not get time helping their community . the reason for this i think is the increasing of the fast and busy life and also because of more and more increasing compettition . this lead to the pressure on the young people and require to struggle a much a they can to lead a succesful life . earlier the fight for the facility , employment , leisure of life were not so difficult to achieve . this may be because the earlier life wa more simple . but a there is a boom of technology and introduction to new field , the young people require much harder effort and persisstance to get through the comming challenge . earlier the structure of the society wa also different than it is today . their wa much more interaction between people and the young one and the adult would participate together . another reason of the availability of le time for the young people can be because of the introduction to more and new mean of entertainment , interaction etc.entertainment like television etc. and interaction facility such a internet chat or mobile service etc.therefore the young people spend most of the time in either struggling for their better life or spending time with new mean and source for leisure whenever they get free time . for example a person with the same 24 hour if given a choice would do more productive work which would be beneficial for him in future than spending time to interact with people . the phrase ' survival of the fittest ' is now best suitable for the developing society and young people want to cope up with the speed to find their way for their easy survival . even in case of small child , the increase in the difficulty of their subject and the increasing load ha restricted them to spend more time in playing with their friend . i would say that the young one are not to be blamed of the current senario because the situation ha created a need for them to behave in a more introvert rather than more extrovert manner . the young people , s behaviour is changing due to change in the structuring of the overall society . the society is forcing the young one to fight more for their future than living the present and spending time to socialise and time witheir community . the above reason i think justifies that why young people do not give enough time to help their community .