with this essay i will be discussing the question , whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . this question is certainly of material importance to our society . only with voluntary help certain area of community can still function and exist these day . let u discus for instance the sporting area . i have been the president of our local football-club for quite some time . i made my way up coming from a member , becoming treasurer and finally the president . of course , this function is absolutely voluntarily and i have no monies or even thanks for that . i did this because i have the strong believe that adult have the responsibility to guide younger generation . by guidance i do not necessarily mean the education of the youth . this is best done by their own parent . no , by responsibility of guidance i mean that youth need to have alternative play ground for their leisure-time . unfortunately , many young boy and girl finishing school do not have the immediate opportunity to be recruited by firm . they are looking around and try to find a suitable job or start an apprenticeship . these day , where million of employee look for job , especially youngster with le experience find it difficult to find a job . the risk here is , if you do not offer possibility for their leisure-time , they might go wrong path . by that i mean misuse of drug or alcohol for instance , but also crime . coming back to my football-club . the age of the footballer ranged 16 to typically 25 year . a very critical range of age , we have to observe . we found it difficult by time to keep the youth interested in sport . but it wa possible with certain motivating factor such a praise and special organised event or even incentive , like new football-shoes . however , when it came to organise event outside football like concert or christmas party we found it even more difficult to find volunteering youngster . even the most finetuned tactic did not help to convince them that they have to help in organizing and helping at the event in order to get some cash money into the club account . anyway , generally spoken yes , youth doe not give enough time to help their community . on the other hand one ha to consider that the interest are changing with the age . one day they will be in the reign of a football-club and experience these thing themselves . untill then it is up to u elderly experienced people to get the right direction for the youth . agree ?