`` adolescence is the golden phase of life '' . this statement will definetly support my idea that young people truly enjoy life more than older people . one always remembers the life which he ha lived during his early year . it is always hidden a beautiful memory in some corner of their mind . the young generation love to face challenge , they are filled with energy , they have nothing to worry about . young generation truly love to do experiment with their life , this may be sometimes dangerous but they do learn alot from it . they take every event or task a a challenge and then strive hard to complete it . even though they fail in their first attempt , they never give up and hence they learn how to live an enjoyable life . this can be seen from an example that when a young boy try to make some device , he face failure in the very first attempt . but then he try to put more of his creativeness and develops new model . this is why technology is advancing with such a rapid speed and the world is getting acquainted with new innovation . young generation is always filled with immense energy . taking example of various scientist like einstein , newton it can be seen that these people have created history because they had that unlimited energy to keep experimenting thing until a final conclusion is not reached . as young people are continously doing something or the other , they are never exhausted neither do they feel lazy . this result in their better health . they do not have to be depended on those highly expensive pill nor do they have to take some medecines a a substitute for food because all organ of their body are well functioning . the most crucial secret behind the enjoyable life that young people enjoy is that they are free from all bondage . they do not have any load of responsibility , they treat themselves a free lancer and plan their living according to their own benefit and pleasure . niether they have to go to work and take responsibility at the office nor they have to keep thinking about their home chore . they can share responsibility but they do not have to carry it a a burden over their head . thus , by summarizing all the above point and example it can be seen that young people have an aim in their life and this is the most vital reason why they enjoy living a better life in comparison with that of the old one .