cars in these day are seen a an almost indispensable part of life in alomost all the country . with the expansion of city around the globe and with the dependance of life on comfort and luxury , the car production rate a well a their buying rate have increased . and i think that this trend is going to continue . so i disagree with the statement that in twenty year from now there will be fewer car than today . next twenty year are destined to see a sudden and great increase in industrilization and a massive and rapid expansion of world in term of population , income etc . with a increase in net world income the standard of life of people is going to come up which in turn will help boost the car industry a people would rather prefer expending on car rather than having discomfort . with the industrilization growth the availibility of time to perform a certain action or say for example delivery of good from one place to another or for example reaching the office on time and in le time , is gonna decrease so the dependance of people on faster and more reliable of mode of transport ( within a city or country ) is going to increase which is again going to help give car industry a stimulus . one more reason which can be cited in this regard is the people 's love for high speed and scientifically styled and desgned car . this trend will also see an upsurge in the next twenty year with more of the world population entering the youth age . this trend will be most common in highly developed coutries where people will be able to afford and maintain these kind of car . also in country like us where the public mode of transport is not that common and where people prefer travelling by rather than by train or bus , with the increase in population the number of car are going to increase . though one of the negative impact of an increase in the number of car would be the effect on enviornment . an increase in the number of car would result in a more polluted enviornment which would further see a rise in enviornment related disease such a asthma , cancer etc . it is also probably going to create parking problem with the explosion of world population and the world space being limted and finite . another problem associated with an increase in the number or car is the fuel shortage problem . with the global oil crisis it ha become constantly difficult to meet the increase in oil demand . but again i dont think that any of this is gonna hinder with the use of car in the next twenty year .