there always occurs some disagreement between young people and old people everytime and everywhere in the world regardless of their citizenship and region . this will continue until the end of the world a well in my opinion . but the base and the form of these disagreement change over time . nowadays , the behaviour of young people among themselves or to their society are a major problem in the society . people come together to help each other . this is why a community is formed . an individual can be considered week without it community . i hereby admit that nowadays young people do not give enough time to build good relationship with their community . the also do not help other individual in their community . this condition widens the gap between them and their society . youngsters may have distinct hobby other than older people or other young people have . but they should respect to the other idea and hobby first of all . i consider this issue in order to emphasize the importance of being respectful while communicating in a community . this will help community to reach qualified standard . because the communication is very important in a society . however , young people do not behave in that manner . for example , yestarday , i saw a young man that is listening music with his walkman phone in the bus . that 's ok , he can listen whatever he wish . but not that loudly . the volume of the music wa loud enogh to make u listen to . another youngster near him said : ` hey , can you adjust the volume . pull the volume down man ! ` after this , they started arguing in the bus and the people in the bus were unhappy . there are two wrong behavior in this example . the first one is the loudness of the music that the youngster listening to : the second one is the attitude of the other youngster while talking rudely . as a result , other people ( community ) became unhappy . if the youngster would hae wanted to help them , they behave differently and respectfuly . youngsters nowadays do not read any book . ` i do n't like reading . i prefer playing with my game cube. ' they say . the young people of this generation are the manager of the next generation , next age . how can a lazy and untalented person manage a group of people . a question here may arise : ` is taking responsibility directly proportional to having enough knowledge - so reading ? ' the answer is always ` yes ! ' for me . the more you know , the more you help your community . not during your young age , but during your older age while working for your country . being a very important virtue , reading should not be underestimated . for an instance , how an untalented and less-reader teacher can help his/her society ? he/she can not . in conclusion , youngster should be more carrefully while communicating with their community and helping them .