i believe that this statement hold a great deal of truth . to be successful , we must get rid of our tunnel-visioned outlook on life , and open ourselves up to new challenge . i see success a a relative concept . upon achieving a goal , i may belive that i have succeeded , yet someone else may see my success a quite ordinary and dull . this is due to the fact that each and every individual set their goal differently from one another . i can recall many moment in my life when i had the opportunity to try new thing . unforunately , i can also recall moment when these opportunity were not taken . one of these distinct memory is of the track and field competition that wa held annualy at my school . every year , my friend alexander and i participated in the same race because we were used to them . i would always come first in the long jump , and alexander would be first on the short-distancd sprint , since he suffered from asthma and could not take the longer-distanced race . year after year , the race were the same for me and alexander , and our triumphant victory over the other particpants seemed to become trite a the year passed . after the fourth year , it did not seem like a success to u . it lost it element of surprise and astonishement . when the fifth year came , i wa sure we would participate in the same race , which by that time , seemed more boring to u that a four hour toefl exam . however , i wa surprised to see alexander sign up for the one kilometer race . i asked him what would happen if his asthma kicked in . i will never forget his reply . `` the only way to succeed over my asthma , '' he said , `` is to challenge it with something new . '' that year , alexander did not come first on the race . yet he succeed . how , you may ask . he managed to come out victorious from his battle against his asthma , by trying something new and challenging . i ended up getting my fifth gold medal for the long run competition . now i urge you to ask yourself . did i succeed , or did alexander succeed ?