the issue raised is a very important issue a it creates a lot of hesitation in the mind of many individual . i strongly agree it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . i stick to this opinion for the following reason . the first reason i would prefer having broad knowledge of many academic subject is because it give an overall idea to the individual . for example , a student like mechanical engineer will learn academic subject like electrical , electronics , computer etc . . other than his mechanical specialisation subject . this will dope him with knowledge when it come to design of a product say a car a it invloves the mechanical design and the electrical arrangement . another reason is specialistaion in one subject pose barricade being employed in an organisation where the organisation need skill in all round aspect of academic subject . to illustrate this point i explain the desired quality a cnc lathe operator should posse to seek a job . for this the operator should have knowledge about the computer programming which performs various job a programmed and mechanical knowledge for assistance . an organisation prefers to hire the operator who ha knowledge in both field of computer and mechanical academic subject . an operator may not be employed if he is specialised in only one field without having any knowledge about other subject . finally , specialisation may end up a time consuming process . a modern industry comprises of an integrated method of manufacturing and specialisation may delay the overall manufacturing time in the workstation say an automotive industry where different component of the product are needed to be alligned a one at the end . suppose a person is specialised in designing the product say the car he may not know what voltage should be need inorder to iginite the engine . so he need to seek the electrical guy for this which is absolutely time consuming . if he would have braod knowledge of many academic subject like the electrical knowlegde , he can desing the car in a shorter time . in conclusion , at the end of the day the bottom line i pronounce is it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialise in one specific subject a specialisation in one specific subject address complexity .