in this modern world people are more concerned about their travel to different location . so , people should make their transport . eveyone are busy in this world so one ha to make their own transport to reach their detinations . this can be done by owning a car . i diagree withe the statement that there will be fewer use of car . this can be stated by following reason . when destination is too long we need to take car to go on . we can not travel all time in bus or train . furthermore , we need to take bus pass or bus ticket when ever we would go htrough bus . this would become messup to purchase evryday ticket . let u consider an example , if any peson is ill in our family i.e in critical condition we need to take him to hospital quickly . this can be done by having a car in our home . if we have car in our home we acn quickly take him to hospital . we can not take him in any other mean of transport . this would take his life . cars are neccessary in modern world . if going to any place in car automatically it reflects our status . so , one would like to travel in car throughout his life . we cant travel every day in bus which are overcrowded or which may or may not come in proper timing , which may cause delay by stopping at every bustop . evenmore , if we need to go to different street we where the bus is not provided then we must walk . if we have car we can directly goto the particular place where we decide to go . in twenty year there may be any kind of tansport may introduced but this can not take to the destination which we want . if fuel price go high then we can use electric car which are recently introduced . in this way we can reduce our economy . we can be safe from traffic and pollution if we go by car . we wont be effected much like when we travel through other mean of transport . so there there would be heavy use of car even after twenty year . therefore , car use will not become fewer at any time be it in twenty year , after twenty year or thiry year .