successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well i strongly agree with this topic because of considering so many successful person life story . when the people successed in their life mean it not a small task it a great hard work what they did in their life . they also did so many mistake in their life but if he successed in the same field mean he realized the mistake of the past and press on to the future , thats the first achivement of any successful person when you consider one example of life story of richest man in the world who is billgates . in his life he faced so many hurdle but by inventing so many software he never stopped his goal by inventing operating system or new software he not repeated the past invention he did differently . not only single successful man when we go through the life history of any successful man we can detect and unhide what they did and how they become successful . because of there creativity to press on new event they are becoming successful . for every successful person there should be some simlilar feature which are self confidence , creativity , dedicating nature , dareness because of these quality they can be successed successful person never stop with one achievement he fix another goal and try on that because of that nature only success is possible for a person . definetly every person have a problem by overcoming that we get successful . succesful man will not repeat what they already learned are did they can use there experience in another form because of there dareness and there habbit of taking risk , they are becoming successful and inventing new thing . by having this quality in a person there invention and achievement will never end until their life end . with this discussion and example i can conclude my argument a successful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what already know how to do well . for that kind of people there is no limit for achievement .