do young people do n't give enough time to help their community ? maybe , but do older people give enough time their community and doe n't - to speak a bit epic and controverse - every community get 's the people it earns ? in time were individualisation and the quest for profit are predominant , how can one expect from young people to give time in the old altruistic fashion to their community . all they learn through the medias is that it is cool to be rich , cool to be successful and that the best method of acquriing these goal is to stay focussed and not to waste their time . and if one considers this rationally one ha to accept this reasoning . if the kid wo n't be good in school because they give to much to community they wo n't be able to go to halfway decent university and thus wo n't get a good job - which is still one of the most important thing to get ( not only in young people eye ) . and after all , do older people really give a lot time to the community . well i do n't think so . adults also try to make career and try to get the best possible outcome for themselve . so to whom could young people look upward ? so i conclude that it 's not the young people who should give more of the time to their community , it 's everybody . the acquired , traditional structure of community are valauable and at some situation in life everybody will remark that he is needing them . so everybody should invest a bit more in them . but are young people really a individualistic and profit orientated a put forward above . i think there are good reason to doubt this claim . one can observe an important backflow to traditional value within the group of young people . nowaday younger people do become involved in social activity - or how could one explain the rise in number of ngos . and what about the large number of young people volunteering in social project in underdevelopped country ? if young people are thus not giving enough time to their community maybe these community should think of changing their offer in order to attract young people . young people are surely willing to give their time to the community . to conclude i think one ha to state that one should not blame the young people rather the community for not adjusting to the young .