enjoy life while you are still young - this is the programmatic statement of youth culture . it build on the general believe that young people enjoy life more than senior . but i do not think that younger people enjoy life more than older people . examining the question along three dimension of joy - social interaction or friendship , physical condition or health and a person 's own perception or his or her mental attitude towards joy - will show that both , younger and older people do enjoy life . a first important dimension on which a person 's enjoyment of life could me measured is the degree of his or her social interaction . as homan being are ` social animal ' , satisfying social interaction is vital to them . this is why circle of friend and relative a well a satisfying interaction is necessary for a person to enjoy life . young people certainly spend a lot time with their friend or partner . enrolled in university or work they have a lot of possibility to meet new people and to communicate to a large number of different individual . older people on the other hand often have more limited social interaction . their ciricle of friend and relative might have reduced over time , the do not have the opportunity to meet people at work and partner often have already passed away . yet , older people often have deeper , more valuable relationship with their social circle : friendship that have been shape over a long time replace in quality the larger social network younger people have , a there social network are often of le quality . a second important aspect for an individual 's joy in life is his or her physical condition and the ability to be versatile and take part in acitivities resulting from it . surely young people have by far a health advantage over older people . and they are not only fit and healthy but normally also in good condition that allows them to do `` fun activity '' like snowboarding or surfing . but on the other hand , senior are not completely banned from satisfying physical activity by their somewhat worse physical condition . many older people nowdays enjoy a great varity of senior sport that actually provide lot of joy and happiness to them . last but perhabs even most important for a person happiness and joy in life is the person mental status and attitude against joy . it 's the simple question if a person feels happy and take time to enjoy life . while young people are often stressed and too much in a hurry to actually enjoy what they are doing , older people take their time to enjoy what they have lived and still can live in life . this is why = even though senior might be limited in their source of joy - they are often even happier than young people . to summarize , i think that both young and old people can enjoy life by the same degree . it is more in the way that these two group injoy life =