in the twentieth century advertising ha become increasingly important , and it is one of the key for the success of a commercial product . most of the advertisement , though , try to exaggerate the real feature of a product , making it seem much better than it really is . even if of course i ca n't appreciate this behaviour by the advertising company , i ca n't blame them because if they would tell just the truth they would have to do huge investment to fill the gap between what they used to advertise and what their product really is or they would lose against their concurrents . this would stress also the worker , a they would probably lose their job or get le money than before . the problem is that the global system is now based upon this assumption , and changing this incorrect behaviour would need a global correction of the value of concurrency . but these behaviour is well established and so it 's due to the consumer to choose the right product , and not to buy the one made by company who just invest in advertising without selling good quality product . there is nothing we can do besides using our freedom of choice in the best way . there is a moment when this behaviour by company and corporation is nearly criminal and they have to be pursued legally . if a company sell a product that is toxic , unhealthy or if there is a lie in the advertisement , that company ha to take it responsability about it in front on a tribunal . for example , i know that sometimes the water that come from the home sink , that we use and drink every day , is said to be pure in big advertisement around the city . but the laboratory test have been made in the valley , before the water pass through all the pipe full of rust in the city . this is an example of a lie told by the state itself . what can a citizen do ? i drink water in bottle , even if i 'm not sure that my one is etter than the other one . we ca n't be sure about anything regarding what 's advertised about commercial product , but it 's important to keep our eye open and try to choose the one we think is the best , maybe helping with our buying power those product that claim themselves to be natural and that do n't do too much advertising .