i think that it is important for student to understand idea and concept but i think that it is also important that studenst learn fact because this two learning strategy have advantage and disadvantage . one advantage if student understand idea and concept is that they do not need so much time to learn for an exam because if you have understand the fact the teacher ha said in the lecture you can remerber easier to the fact . in addition to that you do not forget thing so early because you know a lot of background so you will be a very clever person in the future and because of this you will have more success in your job because you are a well informed person . but the drawback lie in the fact that you have to afford more time to undersand idea and concept so if you have an exam and you do not have begin learning early it is not good for you to follow this learning strategy because you need to much time to prepare for your exam . on the contrary there are some advantage if you only learn fact . the first advantage i want to point out is that if you have to learn a big amount of something you are not able to understand all idea and concept because it is to much to remember for you for example in an exam . furthermore if you only learn fact you have more freetime for instace to meet friend , go to the cinema or relax in the sun because if you only learn fact the amount of learning material will be reduced and so you will be able to finish learning ealier . but there are also some disadvantage about learning fact . one disadvantage i want to mention is that if you only learn fact you will not have a good grand in your exam because you can not answer the question which are asked in the exam very good because you don not know some background about the theme you have learned . if i compare the both learning strategy i think the advantage from the strategy to understand idea and concept predominate because in my opinion it is more imortant for a person to be very good informed and have some background . so you can see that it is a very clerver person and have succees in his or her job .