a key to answer to this question is to think about the different pourposes of study . certainly , a specialization in a specific academic topic is essential to do any research . first because the specialization brings to a more deep knowledge , and then to a better comprehension . besides , if you want to say any orginal thing concerning a subject , you will have to know almost all ha already been done or written . in this sense , a focalized study is foundamental . on the other hand , if you want to reasearch , a broad knowledge is surely useful . your mind will be more open , and outside of your topic you will find diffent approach to problem that can help you . you will may also bring idea from other field to your specific one . you will be able to use the analogy to resolve you problem , that is a very powerful method . from these observation , is surely better not to specialize . if the pourpose of the study is merely to stay in the world with more instrument , a person that ha studied many different topic will be more cultured . so he or she will be in a better position than anyone that ha n't studied or that ha studied only one thing . it will also be more difficult to betray him or her . whatever are your pousposes , if you do n't stop studying , you will be always curious , and your brain will always be active . concernig this , there two other reason that support the idea of not to restrict the field of interest . once you have read all ha been written on you topic , will you be able to start studying a different subject , or , on the contrary , you wo n't ? it is known that any different topic involves a different part of brain ; it is vital for the development of the whole brain not to specialize , but to learn about very different subject , like music , literature , science . on conclusion , is better not to spend all you effort on only one topic , but to study how much subject a you can . it will help you in your work , in your life , and will keep safe longer your brain .