in general , the purpose of the advertisement is to increase the customer 's custom . therefore , the advertisement are usually quite over expressing about the product ' property . first of all , because a person who plan the advertisement is the person who want to sell the good , the advertisement follows the seller 's intention . since the seller desire to sell a many a good a s/he can , the advertisement sometimes even exaggerates the character of the product . hence , although the impression that advertise make is not exactly same a that of the product , the customer ha no way to figure out the fact . moreover , the advertisement is limited in either short time or room to express the character of the good . as a result , the seller need to point out all the strong point of the product and express those under the limited condition . due to this limitation , the seller would not present the unbeneficial side of the product on the advertisement . on the other hand , the customer can accept only the shown aspect on the advertisement and loses opportunity to evaluate the good in various view . in addition , the skill that are used in the advertisement affect on the impression that customer receives . to make an effecient advertisement , the seller us some skill to take a good-looking picture and computer graphic such a photoshop . thus , the image that come out on the advertisement might look like more attractive than it actually look like . the customer , however , just accepts that impression a it is because s/he doe not have any clue to judge the product in other way . in short , a the advertisement is made by the product seller , it tends to follow the seller 's intention and therefore , it make the good better than really they are . also , a it us fascinating skill to gain customer 's attention more , the customer can be easily tricked by the impression that show up on the advertisement . hence , to maek a good decision , the customer should have certain value to judge product that are represented on the advertisement .