the invention of the vehicle is one of the most significant achivement of the twentieth century . they made the long distance shorter and provided time efficiency . today , car are the most common kind of vehicle . every individual might buy a car depending on their needs. t must be stated that selling rate of car are getting increased due to the curiousity of people , the advancement on car and the population growth of the earth . therefore , while there are technology improvement on car and rapid population spead over , i disagree with the statement that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . to begin with , the technology is reaching further in any area and the area related to car , so i do not think that in near future there will be fewer car in use . the technology improves car far beyond . every year we are being advertised about new thing on car such a brake system and some protection for child . for example twenty five year ago there have not been an abs ( automatic brake system ) system but now we have that technology . i personally had chance to experience this sytem in our own car . one day i wa driving car and suddenly a child appeared , i quickly pushed to the brake and thans to the abs system i did not hit to child . consequently i do believe that while the advancement on car continue , it is low possibility that in near future there will be le car in use . in addition , the population of the world is increasing every single one of day , so i see this factor a one of the reason not to decrease the amount of car in use in near future . accordingly population growth is a problem that must be solved . there are starving people in afica . so i do believe that it is not good because the resource are limited . on the other hand , it is good for selling new car . because every individual mean potential customer . so looking in this perspective while human being are increasing and spreading all over the world , it is not possible that the amount of the car reduce . for example research show that , comparing the car selling rate with the past thirty year it is consistently increasing every year . in conclusion , in the light of the fact i stated above , i disagree that in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . i consider there might be people who agree with that statement . however in my opnion my reason are crucial and essential for me . therefore in my opinion in twenty year there will be more car in use than there today .