i agree that twenty from now there will be fewer car in use . the problem associated with traveling by car will far outweigh the advantage offered by it . this , i believe , will definitely make more people abandon car and use other mean of transport . if we continue to use fuel at the same rate a we do today , we will definitely run out of fuel in twenty year . since car are entirely dependent on the non-renewable resource , there will be no fuel left for car after twenty year . the littel amount of fuel that would be left would become so expensive that it would be beyond the reach of many . this would automatically mean a decrease in number of car . awareness about fuel shortage and resource conservation is rapidly increasing which i am sure would propel more people to opt for public transport system instead of private vehicle . car-pooling will also be considered a an option by many . the pollution level are at an all time high due to an enormous increase in the number of vehicle plying on the road . such high pollution level are already making goverments sit up and take appropriate measure to reduce the pollution . as part of reducing the pollution level , the number of vehicle that will be allowed to ply on the road may also be restricted . the traffic snarl that one face these day are so irritating that people will prefer to either use public mean of transport or work from home . the advent of internet and other technology ha meant that now one can sit at home and perform all the business transaction . this mode of operation will be preferred over the conventional mode of operating through an office . transport through underground railway is cheaper , faster and more convinient . these feature of rail transport will definitely allure more people towards rail transport . any technology ha various phase to it . the automobile industry ha seen it peak period now and slowly peple will realize the bane of owning car . thers 's the problem of maintenance which take up lot of time and effort . instead of taking the pain to get the car serviced and maintained , one would travel by other mean of transport . the problem of parking will become so acute that people will prefer not to use their own car except for dire emergency . today 's generation is more health concious and want to stay in shape . what better way to stay in shape than to walk ? walking a an excersise will gain popularity and will be considered by many . considering all the issue mentioned above , i truly believe that there will be fewer car in twenty year from now .