i believe that the young people in nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community because that the young people in nowadays doe not care about other people around them and only care about themselves . the community such a , helping senior citizen , donating thing such a what you do not need or money need more people to help them . the young peope also have no time because they go out with their friend orthey need to study for t heir own goodness . firstly , the young people need to begin to care more about other people than themselves and they should help other people having a lot of difficulty . according to the survey , le then 30 % of in age of 15 to 30 are helping community which mean that only 20 % of the population of that country is helping the communites . the young people should start helping poor communites soon a possible . moreover , the young people also doe not have time to help the community because that they go out with their friend . for the some young people they do not have any time because of theit school work of study . however , the young people should help the communites even though they do n't have any time . if the people ha time to go out with their friend or family , they should help the community in that time . the people who study and say they have no time , they are wrong . they do have time to help the poor people . for example , they can donate money by using internet but they need to be careful since some internet site are fake and unofficial . in conclusion , the young people doe not have time to help their community but they can make the time and help the community . there are only few people helping the poor and others are just saying `` no time '' . i believe that the people should help the communites although they have no time . the young people should change now from caring themselves to caring other people a well . so , the young people really dont have time but it doe not mean they can not help their communites .