learning is an ability given to mankind . people can learn everything that they interested in . however , in many case , understanding becomes the most important part of the learning process . for instance , student in their lecture can get many thing , yet , in my opinion , they should first understand the idea and the concept in order to learn the fact . there are many reason to support the importance of understanding idea and concept . firstly , student should understand the idea and concept clearly because they will need them during their life time and also they will need them in the real life when they face up a problem . for instance , i remember my law class in the university . my professor told about the right of criminal . i learned that nobody can be judged until it is prooved that he or she is not innocent . when my family try to judge me without listening to my reason i put forward this example and they try to understand me . secondly , i believe in the idea and the concept . the idea are very crucial to me that i would evaluate them . in other word , the idea are very important to me to set my point of view in my life . for instance , i belive that idea composes our world . beginnig from the ancient time idea and concept make our world survive . for example , the idea of aristotales and pluto , i sometimes consider that how they are skilled with the reproducing the thinking . as a result , the world had gained different point of view . thirdly and lastly , i belive that without understanding the idea , the source , behind , one can not get the fact . firstly , we should understand what is it , what is the concept and what is the idea behind it . in short , what is it that lead u to the fact is important . i remember that my grandmother always reacted to event without understanding them clearly . she wa an excited person and unfortunatelly she can not able to reach the real fact because of her misunderstood of idea and concept . furthermore , this lead her to have trouble with communication with others . overall , idea and concept are forming our life and the world a well . that is why i belive that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . in conclusion , the fact can not become real witout idea and concept .