i totally agree with the statement , the best way to to have a nice travel is to go in a group and also to have a good tour guide . when we think about the possibility to do a travel we have to consider differents aspect one of those is the place where we want to go , also if it is good to be alone or in group and also , what we want to do on that place and how to do it . first , went we choose a place of dentination we have to consider aspect like the time that we have . when we do a travel in a group all the activity are very coordinated . the travel led by a tour are the best idea when you want to know a new place . the tour guide is the person specialides on this kind of job because they have the knowledge of the place that you want to visit , that have a clear understanding of the history of that place , also the right place to visit , what to eat and what to buy a a souvenir . they give a comprehensive tour for that place that you want to know completly . for example the last weekend i went to mexico with a goup of frients and we have just few day to enjoy the new country and also to have contact with the city and the people . so the best idea wa to take a tour by the city with a specilized person , the city wa guanajuato , and this place of the country ha a rich history to meet . that tourist guide really know about the city . he explained about the historica aspect of this city , we went to the target place to the city and also we took the most beautiful picture in the especial place , because of his orientation . it wa an amazing travel , and we did that travel in just one day ; definilly to hire that person wa the best idea because in other way we could not see all that we did . i met to the mommis , the callejon of the kiss , the statu of the pipila , and more . so in my personal opinion and depending on which plan you travel the best idea is to go in a group because you can reduce cost on your travel , you have the opportunity to meet new people , and you enjoy more also the tour guide is an important key to get a complete knowledge of the new place . depening of what kind of person you are , you choose the sort of travel that you want to do but the most important thing is to enjoy the new experience .