i agree withe the statement , i believe that young people do enjoy life more than older people do . i think that innocent , ignorant and worry free young individual do enjoy life more that experienced , learned and concerned adult do . once we are born we have no worry , in fact new born baby do not know anything about their environment , they are totaly innocent exposed individual at the mercy of well , adult , who care for them . if there were no concerned adult who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those child , humanity a we know it would not exist . it is a natural thing , baby eat and cry whenever they 're hungy and adult provide nurishment and care for them . ignorance is bliss some poeple say , and you know what , i actually think they are right . once you are ignorant , meaning do n't know of something you do n't worry about it , for example . if i have never heard about cancer or diabetes i will probably not wory about it , a in the old age where they believed it wa some illness caused by spirit or demonds , but once i know about i can cut of the sugar in the case of a diabetic or have chemo or radiation for cancer and worry about it . adults know about responsabilities , about money , about safety and all the possible outcome of a certain situation . kids do n't , it is actually a kid job to have fun , and it is an adult job to marvel at that miracle of joy that burst from every child new discovery . some poeple might say that older people enjoy life more because they know that there will be few moment that you can actually enjoy , but , how is it possible to enjoy more than a young child who ha no idea of hardship or sorrow ? life is a wonderful thing a the song `` i 've got the world on a string '' say , but it also say `` as long a i hold on to the string '' . as adult , we can never predict when that string will leave our finger . while young people , baby , kid in general dont even know that it is they , who actually hold the whole world , and our destiny in their tiny little hand .