throughout the whole elementary , middle and high school , i have learned both idea and fact from the school . i have come to realize that whenever i understand the idea and concept , i can do so well in the test . however , it doe n't mean that i agree on the statement . instead , in my opinion , fact certainly obtain more valuable life experience for student from their ancestor . in the chinese culture , we have a dialogue : `` reading million book can not be compared to walking million mile '' . i think about this statement everytime when i am traveling in somewhere . some might think that this dialogue doe n't apply to the statement . however , what i mean with the dialogue is that , the idea from the book is dead , but experience is something that ha once live on world . although understanding the idea may help me to obtain a high math or science score , it is however , not much helpful instead of it . this is my conclusion based upon my three year in united states . i am living in the school domitary . it is a house with eight girl living inside , supervised by a houseparent . the first day of my second year in america , i arrived the house , and it wa the beginning of hell . my new houseparent , is , in most of the girl ' opinion , the worst human being we have met on earth . it is not the matter of her weird english after more than twenty year in united states , it is not the matter that she cook bad or enforces rule strictly . as an adult and an counsellor , who should be well-feeded by different idea and knowledge , she however ha favorism on certain girl . out of no reason , she treated me meanly ever since the first day i got there . for instance , she went into my room without knocking on my door , yelled at me for not doing the chrous , which in fact , in not my work . moreover , she absuptly refused my request for leaving my room so that i can get change . in addition , she isolated the house into two group , and talk behind the back of the group she doe n't like . i have learnt since then , that idea and concept doe n't change a person personality , just a my devil like houseparent , who ha been a consellor in publich school , who know thousand of theory . whenever i wa trying to express my idea , she never understand , nor doe she ever care about me . i learned fact that talking concept to her do not help anything . according to my experience , the only way to live happily is to keep my mouth shut . hopefully , this is going to end in two mouthe , .