the given statement is a cynical and skeptic comment which is thrown at every generation . i can say with great pride that my generation can annul this cynicism in a number of different way . in my own university we have a number of different activity through which we can contribute to our communitity . all these activity come under the banner of what is called the national service scheme or nss for short . i myself am a volunteer of this organisation and thus vehemently oppose the given statement . there is a wide range of way in which we volunteer contribute to our community . every six month we organize a blood donation camp in our university in which student , faculty a well a people living close to the university come in great number to donate their blood . recently , i wa also part of a successful project to assist the gardener in improving the condition of tree in our campus . every alternate day around thirty student would spend the evening watering the existing tree , pruning them , removing weed and also planting new tree . we even managed to arrange for a water tanker to accompany u , thus saving the burden of carrying bucket all over the campus . our effort over the past semester have paid off and the gardener have now indicated that extra help is not required a the overall condition of tree ha improved . other student who enjoy teaching have taken up a project in which they devote part of their time to interact with and teach blind child in a blind school in our city . the people who lament the decrease in such social activity among the youth should make a closer examination which will reveal that the youth social organisation are alive and flourishing . some of the graduate from my university have taken this community service to the next level by adopting it a their profession . this ha manifested itself in the form of non governmental organisations which are non-profit organisation whose aim is improving some aspect of society . ngos can work towards providing safe drinking water to village to working for the betterment of the life of the elderly . young people with a passion for changing their society are forming such organisation and are doing great wonder for their community .