survival in the fast moving technological era in today 's world ha become a ` rat race ' . charles darwin 's theory of ` survival of the fittest ' is applied to it maximum in today 's life style . man feel that - the more work that a person manages to do , the more he earns , the more he earns , the more his status in society rise . i strongly agree with the author 's opinion . the younger generation is pushed into this concept unknowingly . they are forced from many side to accept this strategy and to work accordingly . thus the young mind are manipulated into accepting thing a they are and thus small pleasure of the world are soon forgotten . their mind adapt to this very fast and adhere to it too strongly . thus they donot find time to contribute and pay back to the very society that led to their success . there are many reason for this . firstly , the ever demanding nature of trying to prove their mettle in becoming successful leave little time for the young to think about anything else . the madness of survival ha even led to break up of the previously large family into atomic family . it ha led to a mechanical or robotic state of mind where emotion , responsibilites , feeling , leisure have no place in one 's dictionary . secondly , a the generation have passed the sense of responsiblity and concern for others ha been dwindling down . it ha become an egocentric world where everyone care only for his well-being and his kith and kin . nolonger doe anyone feel their duty towards the society and community that ha brought them and made them what they are . thirdly , there are also situation were young people neither work for themselves nor for their society . they are a different class of people who lack any moral sense of value and a purpose in life altogether . such people need counselling in order to get back on the track of living life purposefully . this problem can be solved only by increasing the feeling of committment towards the society steadily since childhood . meeting elder , interacting with them , growing up among many child instil a sense of sharing and concern for others that will be carried on the later life . one of the most important thing of all is being able to set aside time in any situation , any circumstance to give back to their community by organising welfare project , adopting those who are le privileged and providing for the needy are various way of not only helping the community but also to attain a sense of completeness .