we all are interested in reading about car and dream of owning a car . it is one of the first few item that we plan to buy if someone asks u what we would do if we win a lottery ? if we observe the recent trend in car manufacturing , the demand for car is ever growing . i dont think there is any chance that people will stop using car in year to come . infact i feel that in twenty more year , this craze of buying a car is going to multiply even further and there will be more car in use than there are today . twenty year is a very le time span to let go off a luxury like owning a car . owning a car ha become a status symbol . people want to own a car just beacuse it improves their standing in the society . in le developed country , the level of noise and air pollution created by the use car is unbeleivable . laws and regulation have little effect on the demand for car in these country . car manufacturing industry is a huge industry with a turn over of million of dollar per month all over the world . who would possibly give up such a profitable business ? instead we are going to see more number of new and new car & more number of commercial attracting people to buy these car in coming year . people are not going to stop using car overnight . so many factor come into play when we talk about not using car . the government will have to improve the public transport to a level wherein people will prefer travelling by public commute rather than using a car . that look like a distant possibility in some nation . modern technology ha invaded our life to a level where man find it difficult to survive without it . cars , cellfones , television set , music system , washing machine , refrigerator and other such thing have become a part of our life . we can not think about living a life which lack in the comfort given by these modern machine . car is just one of the many thing man ha created for his own comfort . man ha failed to realise that these machine are causing more harm than their known us . these modern machine have ruined our earth 's atmosphere and oneday will lead u to extinction . if we want to survive , we will have to take one big step towards minimising the use of these machine specailly car that cause so much of pollution .