before giving a straight answer to this question , i need to state that it depends on what the specific person intends to use his academic education for . in my opinion a solid basic knowledge of a variety of subject should be obligatory to everyone , who seek an academic degree . but a this should be content of the school education and somehow a foundation for the decision , which subject is choosen at university , the goal to be perfect in everything is not a useful and not a realistic one . to understand the last aspect , one should regard that the knowledge in the world is doubling every four year and speed of this process is even increasing . an all-around genious , like da vinci or other great character in the renaissance , do n't fit in our time . this mean not that i do n't see the importance to link knowledge or to have a broader horizon to deal with academic problem . nevertheless i prefer to get an education that give me the chance to specialize in my field of study and go a deep into the topic a possible . the main reason for this position is the fact that most of the student , including me , will once enter the market for well educated and highly motivated working force . to get an advantage in this competition is essential . and it wo n't make me special and important for a potential employer that i know a bit about biology and art-history working a an accountant in car industry . to have a realistic or even good chance in this field of industry i 'd rather rely on my ability in business administration and knowledge about this kind of industry . therefore it is , in my eye , important to make an early and specific decision , what you want to achieve in your academic study and - if possible - where you want to work in the future . the same is relevant for student , who are occupied with for example law . most of the student i know , who made a degree in law , needed to focus on one specific sector of this field of study . otherwise they would have had serious problem to get an appropriate job . because , the rest of the student with no vision end a taxi