i agree with the statement `` it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject '' . knowledge is the underlying point here in the statement , enough about a single subject or a substantial amount of many subject . the main idea , of having a broad knowledge is far more beneficial than to specialize in one specific subject . knowledge ha to be something which is diverse , not just about a single field or a subject . it ha to be a collection of everything . being in touch or knowing thing at a broader level ha much more to do in today 's competitive world . although we require specialist too , but diversity is what is needed more . in term of studying subject , sticking to one field or topic definitely limit one 's potential . whereas studying subjetcs at a broader level add to a more intellect and a overall study . a person , specializing in a particular field or a subject remains limited to that field itself . therefore , resulting in a kind of ignorance of the other field or the subject around . in contrast , a broad study of different subject keep a finger on every field around . for example : a person studying physics or specialising in this particular subject , will remain very centered around the subject alone . going thorough with the subject , even in physics the person will need to have some knowledge about an another subject , say , ` mathematics ' during his study . so in such a case , he/she will have to seek some other individual 's help . in other word the person is not fully equipped with all , he need to complete his work . had the person have had studied different subject , it would have been fare more easier . a person who ha a broad knowledge of various subject ( physic and math too ) , is capable enough of solving thing by himself/herself and also at a much broader and higher level . and moreover having a broad knowledge increase a person 's over all grip on diverse field and area of study . finally , rather than being immersed in a single field of knowledge , it is more beneficial to have a broad knowledge of different field . in simple word , a the word ` broad'itself implies and suggests in having a more broader vision , understanding , and above all a better practical application of knowledge .