nowadays the lack of help by young people is a big problem of our society or community . the help doe often lack concerning older people but even in politics or sport club . in every part of our society , youth try to refuse their responsibility so they can use their time to play video game and other unimportant thing . a good example is the work at social association . it would be a good idea to let youth do an internship there or something like this , so that they can learn to treat with responsibility . this would be a benefit for themselves and for society since a lot of cost for staff could be saved in the association . the work with old people or people who need help , like disabled people can also have a good affect to their personality . another good aspect is the lack of help concerning politics . as seen in every recent election , the participation in the election ha still decreased . of course this can also be a fact of older people who do not go to the election but it is actually evident , that the biggest part result from the lack of interest in politics of the adolescence . it would be a big support for the city , village and town , if younger people expressed more interest in politics and help their community at the same time with election campaign for example . with such supporting people a lot of cost can be saved even here , in the political sector . furthermore , there is another part of community , which is affected by the lack of help by young people , namely sport club . in the past there had ever been people that just lived for their regional sport club , no matter which kind of sport . the did everything for this club . and indeed it is the community and the help of a lot of people which make such a sport club to a club that function pretty well and brings a lot of fun . nowadays young people just want to go there and to do there kind of sport . and after that , they want to leave . they do not want to be confronted with any responsibility , which could require a little bit of trouble . something like club party in such sport club present a good example . most time , those are organized with the help of all club member and those member are the people who bring the beverage , the cake and whatever . but today it is already too much for a young club member to bring something for the community , like a cake , or to give their friend a couple of hour of their time to help at the club party . conclusionally , in my opinion , young people should absolutely give more time to help their community , since it is not only the community , that benefit from that , but even themselves and their personality .