in this era of rapid economical and technological development , where people are judged and respected by the amount of property they have and the guise they pose , an increase , in the number of car , in the recent future doesnot sound astonishing . according to my opinion , in view of the increasing standard of living , the number of car will go up in the near future . so , i disagree with the statement , that , in twenty year , there will be fewer car in use , than there are today . firstly , with the modern lifestyle and increasing standard , number of car will increase rapidly . as the trend in the society change , people tend to follow these . because , car are seen everywhere today , much population will try to buy a car and be on-par with others in the society . owning a car , ha become a prestige issue in most of the modern community . to state an example , many of my neighbor , bought a car , though not absolutely necessary for them , because , other people around have one . secondly , with the assistance provided by the government , a loan , more people are trying to buy a car . when a vehicle is bought with the loan taken from the government , a person ha to pay lesser tax and ha certain other benefit . in order to take this advantage , people start buying more and more car and a a result , the number of car would go up in next twenty year . more bank have started giving vehicle loan in town and city . thirdly , having a car , serf many purpose . people can go out for a trip or weekend with their family in a car without any trouble . whereas , not owning a car , make them to depend on other source , that are not so attractive . a small family , can plan trip in a car so often at their own convenience . whereas , a two-wheeler is not so comfortable in this matter . it also help people against heat , rain , dust and others . it is proved that , people travelling by a car are more protected against various kind of pollution . moreover , having a car , make life happier and more enjoyable to modern public . even adult are preferring to travel by car and planning to have one a soon a possible . while travelling in a car , people can listen to music also . finally , considering all the above stated reason , and keeping in view the psychological aspect of human being , i can conclude that , there will be more number of car in use , than there are today .