eduaction is a servere important part of one life because it affect people 's future and the knowlege of life . nowadays , school are almost every where in the world , which people would try to get a much education a possible , so they can be the top person . almost all the modern school teach many subject to the student , such a math , science and history . .. however , learning many different academic subject is not a good a specialize in one specific subject . learning many different acadamics subject ha some benifits . most importantly , people get to know many thing and know briefly about everything , so they do not have to rely on the others to do the work . nevertheless , a the world is improving , the world is smaller because of the transportaion of thing and information . people can get others strength easier now . for instence , a science student can get really good information on the history , a subject he/she is not good in , from the internet by a good historical student . this would save much time for the scienct student to study a lot on the history in order to understand the material well . therefore , specialize in one specific subject can save much time on studying the subject one do not need and the saved time can be spended on the specific subject . thus , specialization is better . not only the information are going around fast is the reason why student should specialize , but also because of the good future . in order to get into a good company or create a good company . people do not need all the subject to do this . the only thing is the strong strenth you have over the others . for example , a good program writer 's nesscery skill is to write program . he/she do not need to know zoology well to do so , so why should he/she bother studying it if the sociey only need one strong strength per person . strong strength is what a good company is searching for . furthermore , specialize in a subject for a student can also benifit society and the world . inventions make the life better for people , such a the internet search information and medicine prolong life . people should specialized in one subject in order to make a good inventioin to help the people . thus , specialized in one area do not only help individual , but also help the society and other people . studying in one specific area is better than to have a broad education because it save a lot of time , give a person better chance of getting a good work and also benfits the life of the others . in conclusion , people should strive a hard a they can in a subject in order to help themselves and the world .