the statement that the young people enjoys life more than older people do is a controversial one . the author failed to consider some assumption reagarding the age of the people . on one hand , the young life is full of excitement and exploring world and on the other hand , the old age is free from all tension a person ha in his life time . the first reason for my belief is that the person who is very active and ha a age to explore world , take his life a a traveller who like to visit new place and meet new people . he think that he is free to do anything in his younghood . but he forgets that he ha lot of responsiblities coming his way . whereas , the old age is free from tension and office life . a person who get reatired after a certain age feel free from worldly resposibllities . he can spend his time a he want beacuse he ha nobody to force for work or anything else . the second reason for my belief is that a person in younghood doe not take his life seriously . a wise person will take care of his body if he want to enjoy his old age . for example , amitabh bacchan a reputed celebrity . he is wa famous during his younghood is also famous nowdays for father 's role in movie . he enjoy his life better than his younghood . people appeciate his work a a father 's role than a a hero . he is enjoying his life more a a old man and known a ` big-b ' in indian cinema . the third reason for my belief is that a person life in stressfull life during his younghood . he ha to take care of his wife and child . he put his all effort to live his old life freely . all his life he doe everything for his family . at the old age he enjoys all his investment he made in his life . he ha his child grown up and got married . he love playing with kid and other stuff . old age for his a like his childhood back . so it not fair to say that young people enjoys life more than old people do . but a person start enjoying his life more in old age . he is free from all tension and enjoy his life with his childrens and grand childrens .