to answer this question , we must carefully look at the advantage and desadvanteges of either a broad knowledge of many academic subject or a broad knowledge in one specific subject . let 's look at the major advantage of broad knowledge of many academic subject . if one ha a broad knowledge of different academic subject one ha the power to draw connection between different academic field which often lead to very creative solution for complex question . in a world that get more and more complex this is a very important skill . however , broad knowledge ha also a big disadvantage : it is obvious , that the knowledge of every single academic subject ca n't be very profound , because usually there is not enough time to get a broad and profound knowledge about many academic subject . on the other side what 's the major advantage of having a specialized knowlegde in one specific subject ? if one ha a very profound knowlegde of a specific academic subject one can concentrate fully on this subject and try to get more knowlegde about this subject . one ha the possibility to push the science on this subject forward . one can develop new modells and solution on this specific field . that would not be possible , if one tried to get a broad knowledge over many academic subject . the most important disadvantage in specializing in one specific subject is the lack of survey . there is a big danger that one get lost in looking for a solution , that could have been found much easier by taking a glance of other academic subject . one stop to look over the boundary , which can be very helpfully - a pointed out at the beginning . looking at these advantage and inconvienients i am drawing the following conclusion . because the world is getting more and more complex it would not be intelligent to just concetrate on one of the two possibility . in my opinion it is absolutely necessary that in academic field there is a good combination of people who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjetcs but also of people who specialize in one specific subject . that is the best way to encounter the multiplen and complex question and problem of the future .