i do not agree the statement . travelling in a group led by a guide may seem to make your trip more comfortable , a the whole intinery ha been planned for you . you only need to follow the lead and ` woo and wow ' over the spectacular sight . but this may lose the whole point of travelling to a foreign country in the first place : you want to enjoy yourself in a place that you have never been before , therefore you travel . the first thing that you will miss out when travelling in a group tour is the planning of your own trip . you may be forced to go to place that you are not interested in , or even threatened to shop in a particular place . as happened recently in hong kong , a mainland china tour group wa abandoned by their tour guide because they were not willing to buy anything from a designated shop . this may only be an extreme case , but you can not deny that you will only be able to see the famous tourist sight and nothing more if you go on a tour . yet , if you go on your own , you can go to all sort of bizarre place that you may want to go , and not have to crowd with all the other tourist in the so-called ' tourist spot ' , which may not be appealing to you at all . some people may be afraid to get lost if they go to a totally strange place on their own . but i say that is part of the thrill and fun of travelling to a foreign place . you could find your own way out , and maybe find an exciting place that you did n't even know about before . or you could always ask the local for direction , possibly developing a friendship with them . travelling on your own allows you to have more interaction with the place and the people . when i travelled to thailand on my own , while tourist were eating bland food in a ` high-end restaurant ' , i wa eating delicious local food andchatting away happily with the local at one of the market stall . language is not a problem ; you will learn how to communicate fluently in a mix of oral and body language in no time . see ? another benefit of travelling on your own . on the whole , the main point of travelling is to seek pleasure in a place beyond your own home . if you can not fully experience the place , then why waste money and time to go on a trip ?