gone is the age of closely-knitted society . it is often suggested that nowadays , young people are le devoted to community sevice in term of time . in this essay , this statement will be examined in reasonably great depth . for the purpose of effective analysis , clarification of the definition is needed . what is the meaning of ` helping ' ? in common sense , it mean voluntary , unpaid , physical asistance such a taking care of the old people , cleaning public space and working for the underprivileged . however , here , a broader definition is propsed . the ` helping ' component also includes indirect assistance such a donation and political participation . also , what is ` enough ' ? i propose that ` enough ' should be assessed with reference to the need of the society . being member of society , young people are the most able and there the most willing group of potential helper so whether the time devoted is enough should be judged on the basis of whether the help ha met the need of the society . to begin with the ` common sense ' level , young people may really have given le time . in modern society , the overwhelming majority of young people tend to devote most of their spare time to personal entertainment such a tv game , pub gathering , disco night etc . . although more time of entertainment is the natural and actually desirable result of the advancement of mankind , we can not forget that to ensure the proper functioning of the society , young people also have the duty to help . they benefit from the society so they should also benefit the society in return . therefore , the statement is true at common sense level . however , the adoption of a broader definition of ` helping ' may lead to different result . the increase in general education level undoubtedly ha provided the young people with the necessary ability and awareness to participate in the liberal democratic system . the young people can indirectly help the deprived by participating in social politics , by fighting for better social welfare , by lobbying the government for more resoruces and by acting a a bridge between the decision-makers and the people targeted by the policy . also , due to the high education level , many of the young people normally have a reasonably good income . obviously they can help the community in the form of regular and generous donation . in wider context , they can act a the backbone of the economy and thereby generate enough economic resoruces for the social justice system . they are just some of the way in which the modern young people can help the society . as to whether the current commitment of the young peole ha satisfied the need of the society , the answer is more uncertain . human want are unlimited and the one who need the help of young people are no exception . nevertheless , for pragmatic purpose , a reasonable line can still be drawn . the current social justice system prof to be reasonably ` enough ' since it can provide most people with basic life-supporting stuff such a food and shelter . however , the answer to the question depends on the future performance of the social justice system which will be supported by the young people . all in all , the validity of the statemnt is limited but we cano