eventhogh i am not a big fan of car , unlike my friend who have to stop when they see nice car , i think there will be the same amount of car a today . these are well-known turth that car are polluting the air remarkably and the oil is running out quickly . however , the car are such importnat machine in our society , and the scientist are developing new technology since they are well aware of the fact that the air pollution ha becoming the one of the biggest global problem and the world need other alternative way of running the car rather than only petrol . the car ha significant importance in modern society . these day people are extremely depended on the car , they go anywhere either using personal car or public transportation such a bus . so it is hard for people living in mordern to imagine a day without any sor of car . and the car made our life easir to move from one place to another , without car people will be le mobile and one movement will require lot of time and energy for them . enormous number of scientist are working on the research for alternative resource that can be used a source of running the car . plus , that alternative resource will create le or zero pollutant unlike petrol , i have been hearing the news about making sunlight-powered car which store energy from the sunlight and can work with the enrgy like the sunlight-powered house . this will help to solve the problem of not finding any alternative source before the complete running out of petrol and air pollution . but it also ha problem of no sufficient sunlight supply , and to solve this problem , the scientist will still working on the devloping or finding new resorces that can be used solely in the car or in the sunlight-powered car when the sunlight is not enough to run the car . the car have too important role in the society that they canno be disapear and developing technology will find the way to solve the problem of worsening the air pollution and le oil available in the world , thus i think there will still same or more amount of car in twenty year .