enjoyment mean entertainment , satisfaction of one 's soul and containment with the happening in life . i would like to disagree with this statement . this is because entertainment would mean differently to different people . entertainment depends on various factor like the person 's attitude and his notion or perspective on entertainment . the younger generation tends to enjoy themselves by going to party , meeting new people , making new friend and going for long drive . the way a youngster enjoys himself or herself depends on the attitude and nature of the individual . some people might like to go to party for entertainment while others might like to watch a movie . on the other hand the older people might also do the same thing that youngster do or they may engage in activity considered a dull and boring by the youngster . i would like to take example of two famous personality here who despite their age never complained of boredom . firstly , i would like to take the example of mother teresa who despite her old age found enjoyment in playing with child and serving the needy . secondly , i would like to take the example of the famous painter , m.f. hussain . m.f. hussain is more than eighty year old but find enjoyment in his painting . he like to draw and find his entertainment in his drawing . we can find people both among younsters and aged who remain depressed and do not tend to enjoy themselves . they lead the life of a loner and stay in recluse . the youngster have a pressure to make their life which may in turn have an effect on the way they tend to enjoy themselves . but this might not be the case with the older people . they have a life , they have attained their goal and can live a peaceful life which in itself is an enjoyment . the old people also tend to enjoy themselves by talking to others of their age and about their life 's experience . thus we see that the entire concept of enjoyment differs from one person to other . we can never say with surity that youngster tend to enjoy more than the old people . everything depends on the nature and the attitude of people . if somebody want to enjoy age is never a deciding factor . it 's the perspective and the like and dislike of a person which tends to decide how well the person is enjoying his life .