i belelieve that the following statement is true . in twenty year there will be fewer car than there are today because of the high oil price and the new invention discovered by technology . but i believe some invention will keep the car alive but with few exception and change . in the early 1990 's the production of car have recently started . since those year car have been a production to the world wide industry and a famous traveling comfort to the world . the worst fact about the car is the liquid it need to consume in order to run . that liquid is called petroleum which mostly many car need to use in order to work . oil ha been the primary source of energy for car to start it engine . so many car around the world have been produced at a high amount which equal the same amount of oil being purified and changed to petroleum for car . mostly every car give out a deadly gas that it dissolved into the air . this make air pollution occur and at today stage the world is suffering from a great jeoperdy of killing the enviroment with these emission . the oil produce a very bad gas that is released and covered in the air . mostly many tree around the area can cover it up with oxygen but with the car being produced at a fast pace problem will occur . the enviroment is already suffering from air pollution also some country have already suffered the air pollution and a the outcome many citizen have to go out covering their face because they could get killed . it is proven a fact that if you stay in a room filled with the gas car produce you can get killed because of the oxygen taking up le space . the whole world is looking at it a a great problem because it affect the enviroment greatly . it is increasingly making the wold suffer greatly . i believe that the best solution to the problem is to stop the production of vehicle that produce heavily disturbed gas . mostly the older car from the 1990 's give out worst emission than car today . most new company have to create a different source of energy for car . in the world today the production of hybrid car have started and it is a healthy car for the enviroment . it doesnt affect the enviroment at all . also that in the end oil is about to become extinct because we are using it for almost every energy production . oil will not exisist and car will have to run over a new energy source like hybrid . in conclusion i believe that in twenty year there are going to be le car because of the enviromental problem it is causing and the oil becoming extinct . even though new invention of technology is being discoverd the official car of today will be not used much . the new technology will change the car status so it can gain benefit for both the human and the world 's enviroment .