party and company is a game i play with my family and friend every time we want to share , have fun , and relax from the rutine of the week . the objective of the game is to accumulate the greatest amount of point in order to win the first place . participants have to apply their knowledge of many academic subject while playing this game . once , i had the opportunity to play this game with one of my sister 's best friend , alesia . alesia is studying international relations in a very well known university in the united states . she is very smart and demostrated , while playing party and company , that she ha a broad knowledge of many academic and importat subject . after experiencing how alesia won this game and left u amazed , i can say that i agree with this statement . because she demostrated the importance of having knowledge of many subject . alesia chose a major in internatinal relations . by studying this major , she ha the opportunity to learn about many subject like politics , religion , economics , law , and culture . specializing in one subject can be postive but it is better to know about many thing that influence our society . in order to succeed and make a difference in our society , people should be prepare and should know how to deal with different topic . today 's world is asking for person who are very well prepared . for example , the world need woman who not only are the base of their family , but also who can debate and state their point of view with concrete base in the profesional context . i would like to state that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject , only if this knowledge is clear , concize and determined . because , it is not worth it to know about many topic if the idea in which they are based , are vague . alesia is for me the best example of how this statement is true and i agree with it . because while playing this simple game , she demostrated to u how she knew about history , politics , nature , religion , culture , economics and supported his idea with clear base leading her group to win the first place .