especially during the last few decade , there ha been a considerable decrease in community work done by young people . this result from many factor including the way community is seen , the moral value that changed over the year , and problem of young people of today , which prevent them from trying to become beneficial and effective member of the society . in these modern time , individualism ha become the essential motive that challanged all of humanity 's life style . a modern person , man or woman , is completely independent from any binding social or communial group , and although he/she might be involved with different level of society , in the end , every man is for himself and we are not member of a group or society , but merely individual who participate in certain event from time to time . this way of life and thinking ha caused young people to focus their energy to thing that will be more beneficial for themselves , rather than their community . they do not feel being a part of a community which can be enriched by their support , because they never see the existance of such a community which value all of it member . related to the change in the concept of community , moral value have also changed over time . chivalry is considered a thing of the middle age , and selflessness is associated with being gullable . competition ha been valued so much , being honorable , generous and giving ha left it place to using any mean leading to success a long a it is legitimate , and sometimes even challenging the law , by working around it , is seen a normal and wise . in such an environment , expecting community work from young people which will gain them nothing , would be too optimistic . last of all , young people have lost their belief in rightiousness . current democracy doe not empower it citizen , and bureucrocy discourages them . with all the war and ill-doings gong on in this world , young people feel lost and insufficient . for someone to take any kind of action , he ha to feel that he can make a difference , but our young people today lack the belief and confidence that their effort can do any good to this world .