nowadays due to the fact of an changing econmoic situation which asks for highly skilled and qualified people and make it even more difficult to get a suitable job , it is more important for student to gain the ability to understand idea and concept rather than it is to learn fact in oder to be special on the job market . at university it is important that student do learn the theory of the subject in order to gain a basic knowledge in this sector . unfortunately they do not experience a lot of the practical site . apprenticeships are on a volunteer basis at most university and most of the student use their free time off in the semester holiday to have fun instead of working for company and doing trainee . however , in the time after having finished universitiy it is of high importance that student can show their future employee that they do know more than the pure theory . in the daily working life it is neccessary that one is able to work independently and furthermore is able to combine fact , own idea and concept . most of the people leaving school think it is easy to study at university a they only have to learn fact which are provided from the professor . but nevertheless studying at university is more . only people who show the ability to think and work independently are those who are highly skilled and later on qualified and contribute to the success and progress of economy . furthermore if student are able to combine their knowledge they are also able to think subject linked that mean that they are not just specialised in one subejct or theme but are also able to link topic with each other . these student are capable of survinig in the real life and might have good career in business . in conclusion , it can be said that i am off the opinion that it is more important that student know how to understand idea and concept a it creates an individual person . all the other student who only do learn fact store these in a short term memory and do not know how to think independently . this kind of learning doe not repersent an appropriate basic intelligence and education . nowadays nearly every graduate from school want to study