knowlegde in our modern day is underrated . in fact , people do no not appreciate the fact that education ha developed in order to provide student with several subject to accompany the throughout their journey . how is it possible for someone to turn down the chance of taking many academic subject and just pick one ? in my opinion , i think that it is definitely better to have broad knowledge of several academic subject that to just pick one . when student are offered the choice of picking several academic subject , they should that oppurtunity by hand . graduating in multiple subject certainly make a person more intellectual in society . if someone can only speak of one subject in society then he would be considered a a poorly intellectual person . specializing in different and many academic subject surely increase your knowledge of your surroundings and open the door to different horizon . it really is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject since it enlightens a person and give him a general idea of many topic to talk about . it is considered a a step to a more developed world where people are more open to important subject . as an example of my argument , i would like to talk about my own experience in this subject . as a kid , my parent enrolled me in a tri-lingual school that offer english , french and arabic a primary language . during the first year of my education , i thought that that wa a stupid mistake . growing up , i realized that i had lot of oppurtunities ahead . i had the ability of speaking three different language which could definitely broaden my horizon . this is just a simple example of how specializing in many subject can let you work your way up !! finally , a broader knowlege of many subject take nothing but a little hard work and effort . not only doe it provide general information of many topic but it also give an outstanding chance to have a successful life . one specified subject can never be enough in a world that provides so much for u .