i think their are advantage and disadvantage of both - broad and specialized knowledge of an academic subject . i am studying `` european studies '' which is a really broad field , student joining academic course of the history , socialogy , economy a well a politics department . it includes a lot of devotion to stay informed in all of the subject . therefore , i experience advantage and disadvantage of interdisciplinary study everytime discussing with specialized student . it is e.g. true that `` interdisciplinary '' student have a broader view of the world and it various development , however , when it come to theoretical background , we can not compete no more with the `` specialist '' . economy and society are both demanding people who are able and willing to learn throughout their whole life in various field . the `` new '' employee should be trained in a lot of subject being able on the one hand to find new solution to problem and connection due to his multi-facetted education and on the other hand to adopt to new circumstance quickly . i would therefore argue that it is more favourable studying many subject for entering `` real life '' business . however , one should always be aware that one ha to concentrate on one major in order to have a reference point of one 's academic and professinal outline . this core subject should be the starting point of one 's idea and itentions giving rise through the surrounding subject to innovative idea . however , if one want to enter an academic carreer it is favourable to have a specific knowledge of only a few subject in order to find and teach new insight necessary for the acedemic development of each subject . in conclusion i argue for a break-up of the dichotomy of broad and specialiyed teaching . of course , student should take a decision at the beginning of their study , but even if they chose to become specialist they should get some broader education to apply there skill in various field . apart form this i would advice student of a interdisciplinary course to dicide for a kind of major to concentrate their effort . both are needed and their interaction have fruitful outcome .