consumer good is a big sector in today 's market . there ha been a lot of competition among numerous firm in the stage of persuading customer to consume product of firm . as an effective strategy , most corporation make use of advertising to attract customer ' attention . though attention span of cutomers is limited since many advertising technique are used ranging from realistic one to unrealistic one . it is obvious and necessary that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are because this is a highly competitive business , and attracting attention of people on regular product is difficult goal to manage . it not our issue to argue that population growth in the world or , maybe , globalization caused the market to be overcrowded . there is this fact lying on the floor and causing firm to compete harshly in an environment where the fittest survive . small firm or the firm that are unable to cope with the competitive environment are omitted or forced to leave the arena . the firm survived were not necessarily the big one but the clever one to adopt strategy to sell their product such a pampering the quality of a product in the ad . this method ha proven it efficiency since we observe the product in advertisement lacking realistic representation . in addition to competitiveness of the industry , it is also hard to come up with modification that would differentiate the product from the competitor product . not only existing technology of the corporation may not permit such a modification , but also the outstanding budget may restrain the company . in those situation , the most cost effective strategy is to use advertising that would put a magnifying glass on customer ' eye . playing with the color , size , shape would help the customer to realize the product that is on the market . throughout their monotonous life people neglect many item that is shown to them . by doing so , advertiser are taking advantage of cognitive psychology and even widen the attention span of customer . given the condition such a lacking technology and inefficient budget , in addition to highly competitive market , it would be fair to use such a hint which would compensate for the condition . in conclusion , most advertisement most of whom managed to survive , make product le realistic which is an efficient and common method followed in advertising sector . by doing so ' they keep on with the market and increase the porfolio of their customer which i would advise to every other entity in the market .