with progressing generation come the progression of idea . it is commonly said today , that the young generation is very ignorant of what 's happening in it community . but i do not believe that this statement is always true . the mindset of the young generation is highly influenced by it predecessor . i belive that it is upto the community and the parent ( that is , the older generation ) to instill the value of helpfullness and service in their child . i would like to illustrate the above , using my own experience a an example . i have lived in india all my life and service done by child is not a rooted into the culture a it is in singapore where i know live . since the very beginning , even when i wa sin india , my parent always taught me to helpful not only towards my family and friend but also the environment and the community . ven when i wa in india , i wa one of the few kid who went to old age home to work with the elderly or try my hand at teaching the poor kid how to read . and these valeus were embibed in me by my parent and hence , my parent were responsible for framing my mindset . i belive that this culture is more prevelent in singapore . walking across the street , one often come across a young boy helping an old who 's trying to cross the road . there are various program in singapore that encourage the youth to help the le privelidged child , help the elderly or the sick in hospital . some time back , i cam across an advertisement that asked for student volunteer to offer some of their time to playing with sick child in the `` national university hospital '' of singapore . the icing on the cake wa the long list of name of young people from all over singaproe who were willing to do this . hence , i belive that the above example , beautifully illustrate that it not always the young people who do not give time to the community . if the virtue of service and helpfullness are instilled by the community in them , a in the case of singapore , the young people can be extremely caring and helpful .