the present generation of young people grew up in an increasing affluent world . because of this , many people have the impression that young people nowadays are spoiled and selfish . however , i think this is an unfaired opinion . amittedly , there are spoiled breds among young people , but most of them are willing , and even eager , to spending time to help their community . firstly , the vibrancy of local and international community-involvment program ( cips ) prof that young people nowadays are willing to help their community . for example , in many school , the response for short-term or even long-term cips is often so overwhelming that selection proess is necessary . also , many student are willing to get out of their comfort zone to help out in village where living condition are extremely poor . this show their willingness to spend their time to help more . secondly , many student are commited to various program over a very long period of time . for example , some student in singpore continue to be a member of the interact club from secondary school to junior college , over six year . they typically take part in different program , for example , giving out tuition or helping our at an old folk ' home , twice a week . again , these student show that young people are willing to sacrifice a large amout of time for their community . thirdly , many young people have the intention to be social worker , or at least volunteer . those who have participated in cips or other volunteery work find such activity enrich their experience . while they help the weak group in their community , they gain satsifaction of helping others . as a result , they want to do more and even condier social worker a a career choice . a social worker at her twenty i know had the aspiration of being a social worker after she started in a program for ophans . she felt strongly to commit more time after graduating from university . thus , young people do give time to help their community . in conclusion , the young are not a selfish a many people think . as they benefit from society , they want to give back , too . they have the passion to help their community and are willing to commit themselves for community-involvement program .