i agree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their community . this is seriously observed in urbanised community than in rural comunities . the possible reason why young people nowadays spend le time in helping their communites could be their tight and hectic schedule . the education system these day is really challenging the student . it is not that easy to get through such a process of education because of the severe competition among the young student . the student can not afford to leave the education system responsibilites for the sake of community requirement . if they dont concentrate much on their education they will have to regret at the poor grade they score and the poor performance they had given . this would affect their future . they would n't get enough or suitable employment opportunites . usually , a student with good educational qualification get enough opportunity to lead their professional life satisfactorily . the other possible reason could be the change of mindset of the student these day . the present day student lack the quality of helping nature . this could have been resulted from the severe competition from their counterpart . so , student have turned selfish . they dont show concern for the development of the fellow-student because of the fear that they might overtake . for example , in a university there are limited number of seat . obviously all those who are aware of the fact keep it confidantial and do not show concern for others because of the fear that the university seat get exhausted . a similar kind of attitude is more seriously observed among the employee of a company . an employee is reluctant towards his co-employee or he doe n't show any concern to help him because of the fear that the opther person might overtake . the reason for this kind of behaviour among the people is the lack of enough number of opportunity . so , for all these reason , the pesent day student neither concentrate much on community affair nor contribute for the community welfare .