since most of our neighbour are pretty old people and since i did one year of social service in a home for the elderly , i think that i have worked with enough old people in my life to state that i totally disagree with the statement that say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . i think older people enjoy life in a different way than young people do . so if one compare activity young people prefer to do in their free time to activity that older people like to do during their spare time , one can easily see that old people most probably enjoy life just a much a young people . young people tend to go to bar or disco with their friend , for example . older people enjoy going to a restaurant with good friend or like to see an opera or a thatre play . i think that this is not that much of a difference in joy . it is only the type of activity they prefer that mark a difference . i would even dare to say that i think that older people have better chance and possibility of enjoying life . since older people tend to be more experienced and therefore time-effective than younger people in many different area such a cooking , housework , or even task at work , for example , they have more time to spare and for this reason more time to enjoy life ( if one suspect that working can not be any kind of joy ) . after retiring they also have a lot of time to do what they like or maybe even make dream come true . take some of my neighbour , for example . after retiring they went on a trip around the world to see a lot of famous place and to experience different culture for about eight month . younger people could not afford such an activity . they usually have n't saved enogh money and they usually have a job that wo n't allow an absence of eight month . to sum up , one can see that even when only having a rather `` time-based '' look at the statement that wa made , there is no chance of agreeing with it at all . it would even be unfair to say something like that because it implies that activity younger people do are more enjoyable than the one of older people . but this is and always will be subject to personal bias and opinion .