i agree with the statement successful people try new thing and take risk rather than doing already what they knew . s uccessful people where ever they are in the world always they try new thing because they are already succeeed in one field , they have enough money to take the risk and more over they lot of confidence to success the new thing rather than take risk . successful people in one of the field get lot of experience from the field , like he will know how to get along with the employee and how to maintain his buisiness or company . how to convince the consumer with his product . by all this he will get experience how to run a company or business with the profit . and the profit is increased day by day then he will get lot of profit than the expenditure . then he will get a confidence , he feel like i can do new thing , then he will start a new thing or business to help the people to give more job . eventhough he started a new buisiness he knew that if anything go wrong he would have to take the risk . for example bill gate in usa , tata birla in india and reliance phone company owner beer bhai in india , these some of the buisiness magnet tried new thing and faced risk doing lot of other thing than what they know before . bill gate started developed small computer software and succeeded now he created many software and selling his product throught the world . tatabirla in india they started small buisiness in india manufacturing of cloth year ago , now they tried different new thing like soap , bed sheet , toothpaste , brush , cloth and lot of other thing we are using in the daily life , he became a big buisiness magnet in india . bheer bhai started his small local phone company in india , he tried new thing became popular in the cell phone and long distance and even he is doing phone company buisiness with the usa and europe and with lot of other cuntries through out the world . my father also started agriculture on rice and he tried new thing and took risk on cereala , orange . always successflu peoplr