although advertisement is a rather effective and influencial way to increase the sell of product in our modern society i agree with the statement that `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are '' for the following reason : there is a hidden economical stategy behind advertisement : the goal to attract a much people a possible in order to make the largest amount of money at the same time , since every company or enterprise want to profit most from money spent by customer for the good offered . hence there is competition on the market which advertisments for the good of every producing company is effective for , pretending that the good of these or those company are the best one . a further argument for my point of view is that advertisement for product are not necessary by engendering illusion out of reality since in former century marketing which advertisement is a part of not even existed so people only praised the good by talking to each other about it . the good were always in great demand and had to be produced since war occured all over the world much more than nowadays destroying agricultur and economic structure again and again . modern technology wa also missing which brings me to the next point . today we have this technology to produce greater and greater mass of product for people which are in longer period of peace than in the past so advertisement becomes important to still get a profit or even the maximum of profit from the shrink of the urgent need of product in order to survive . people must by all mean be influenced by advertising campaign in order to still get attracted in some way of the already long existing production of product of all kind . there is no urgent use in order to survive in our western civilized country . it occurs very often that i watch television or read a newspaper or journal were advertisement for several product are presented . sometimes i decide to buy a product but initially when i test it i become aware of the ordinary use or taste of the product that i already know for year which ha not developed to a considerable positive and different extend . so generally to me advertisement is manipulation of people for product that already exist in our everyday life or new product like cell-phones with many new option that are not really necessary for u to survive and they are even harmless .