selecting the number of subject will basically depend upon many factor . however , selecting one specific subject and working over it would help to get complete command over the subject . but i personally believe that having command over many subject would be better . firstly , it can help in making furthur study . by choosing many subject we can have command over a number of topic which can help u to use it effectively . for example , when i wa in graduation i had a chance to take either one subject or two subject . i then felt to take two subject one a my major other a the minor . which helped me to learn both finance and marketing . i also felt the importance of selecting the two subject when i want to make out the project in final semister . which helped me to work for two subject , which are finance and marketing . so i wa able to prepare two project which inturn helped me to keep up my final grade . secondly , it will increase our knowledge . when we study about more subject it can increase our knowledge about all of them . when i wa in school day we used to have general knowledge and moral science a our extra subject . i felt great benefit of these subject when i matured a a student . it helped me to participate in quiz competition and also helped me to increase the helping nature where i learnt through moral science . lastly , it make u to have a fruitfull career . when the time come for me to make out a job , the command over different subject can help me to secure a good job . where i can have a number of choice and i can choose the field which is good . so , it help to have a good and fruitfull career . when i completed graduation , a i studied both marketing and finance a subject in my graduation , it helped me to fetch a job in both the field . so i had a choice to prefer . so , because of these reason i prefer that learing about more subject help u in different way . even though learing about a particular subject can bring specialisation , i still believe to have broad knowledge of many subject .