i completely agree with the statement `` most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are '' . advertising is all about projecting the brand image of the product . the idea of adversting is to improve the sale of the product . this necessarily mean attracting customer to their product . the mean to attract lie in the image they project . so , it come a no surprise if the advertiser make their product look the best . when projecting the image of the project , anyone would tend to speak about the positive point . how could they expect their product to be sold if they project the negative shade of the project ?? but the problem lie in the fact that the advertiser tend to go overboard with the quality of their product . their step in making the product desirable to the audience are appreciated , but not at the cost of the trust or belief people have in it . the main aim is to gain advantage over the competitor product . so , they try to grasp the negative aspect associated with the competitor 's product and project an image of their product . this image necessarily speaks about what quality are there in the product that their competitor do n't provide . the head & shoulders advertisement come a a reference in this regard . it might not be a successful in removing dandruff a it project itself to be . some advertisement even tend to put the health of individual in jeopardy . one classic example i can give in this regard is the soft drinks . the recent coke controversy serf a a classic example to this fact . recently , there wa some evidence that coke ha some unreasonable amount of pesticide in it . when coke is projected a a healthy and safe drink , evidence to this degree act a a blot on the reputation . but i wonder if the product would sell off if true information is advertised . imagine the sale of h & s if it say `` try out for yourself '' rather than projecting their good image . or if coke people say '' be careful . this drink might be harmful to health '' . but one thing i can be sure . this advertising world is for people to sel their brand and they would do it at the best way possible .