the proposed statement say that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . interestingly this statement make me think that this is true and it happens all the time . for example when we watch a cleaning product 's commercial on television we are amazed and surprised on what that product can do : the product appears in a nice bottle and sometimes it seems to be bigger than it really is but the surprising thing is that we see that this product can clean everything without leaving any paw . all of this is not true infact when you then go and decide to buy it on the supermarket you notice that it result a equal a the others you bought in the past with maybe a little difference but not exagerating a you saw on television . another example that come to my mind is girl ' make-up . those beautiful actress with a mascara that make their eyebrush longer and thinner . they have these eyebrush because there are people behind the commercial that work just to make these actress perfect and when people affascinated from the commercial go and buy the new product understand that maybe their past make-up wa even better than that one . other commercial on television or poster hanged on wall in the city that make me mad are those about loosing weight . they are showing beautiful model that never had problem on gaining weight and that they probably stay on a diet for all their life . this bother me because they are showing product that for some people could never be useful in reducing real weight but their are only a waste of money . people are affascinated from those product but they should undestand that commercial or whatever it is do n't make miracle so they can sometimes try to think what the better solution is . are people really happy on everything they buy , are n't they ? i think many of those people who buy product just because affected by the commercial on television are not really happy after they use them . after those three example i made out of many others i would like to conclude saying that people are trying to understand better that commercial or poster most of the time are remade in a better way than the one they are . thus i suggest to producer , instead of wasting their money on making all these effect on tv , to create real commercial and make the product seem real a it really is not joking with people !