contemporary world demand a wide repertoir of skill and a reasonable fund of knowledge to enjoy the comfort and facility afforded by advance in science and technology . i agree with the idea that it is preferable to have a broad base of many academic subject rather than having specialized knowledge in a narrow specific subject . i would like to substantiate my point of view in this essay . there ha been an unprecedented explosion of knowledge in the recent decade - it is impossible for any single individual to master any field . in the same breath , the advance are so profound and far reaching that knowledge ha no subject boundary any more . a specialist in a specific field can not contribute at the periphery of his subject area unless he know about other subject that interlink with it . for example , physician who wish to deal with genetic disease can not function efficiently unless they have good back ground in genetics and biochemistry , two closely related subject . similarly the advance in gene unravelling would not be possible if computer scientist and geneticist had strictly compartmental training . bio-informatics is a new field emerging to support and solidify the biological information with the help of computer technology . one can quote endless example : the advent cat scan is an engineering marvel that yield invaluable information to the treating physician about the interior of body . use of computer and internet is an insepetable feature of our daily life , which is not possible without learning computer . being a great scientist would not suffice - one should be trained in the social science too - sociology , psychology and economics . most north american university support this view by encouraging student to have a graduate degree ( of any subject ) before one can apply to the med school . most other part of the world seem to be following the same trend , and a variety of new course with innovative subject combination are on the horizon . with such development it would be easy to find student with a broad based general information and a few of them with intensive knowledge in specific field , like an astronomer trained in music and enjoying his piano in the space !