regard of it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic sujects than to specialize in one specific subject , or vice versa , people have diverse opinion . if i had my way , i would fully side with the notion that the specialization in one specific subject will be the most important , because of the survival in competition . what is beyond a shadow of doubt is that we live in a world where the knowledge is accumulated by multiplying and at the same time the more specialized it is , the highly it is regarded . on the other hand , competition is a way of life in today 's world , most notably the capitalist which encourage the competition , however , competition a always contribute both benefit and detriment , and ha been brought the notice of u , not only because it tremendous benefit , but also widespread plague . for instance , individual and company alike , for the sake of survivial in the competition , have to try their best to improve themselves , and the competitive edge come frome the quality that show more variation . that is specalization . so , what we could deduce from general principle is that the competition , which is continually mounting and show no sign at the present of ceasing to rise , cause the necessity and importance of specialization in a certain area . however , if there is a view that people should obtain miscellenanious knowledge of many academic sujects , because by this , they could knew our colorful world , which i take leave to suspect , then it is the romantic and naive people who create it , not those who never fail to be with consideration of reality , in so far a it is universal acknowledged that studying many subject would wast our time , on the other hand , we should maximaze our time to study something that will help u live in the competition . and that is get a wealth of knowledge with specialization . to explain my meaning perfectly , let me give you a concrete example . due to the tempo of technology , which ha never been such rapid a it is today , a new generation of school start-ups have been spawned . bill gates , on behalf of this new , give usa a jump on it rival in software , however , if we assumed that mr gates would take the medical class in the university , a well a the liberal art , or even botany , just because he ha large-range of interest , all the american would be shrudded at the thought , because usa would fail to protect it competitive position in software , build and enhance it broadly based branch , and gain all the advantage of wider scale market . just because this awful imagination . all thing considered , if we deem the specialization a a trivial thing , and it will be better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject , we will be without any consideration of competition , a i mentioned and explained above , will lead a worse situation that is losing our competitive edge and chance for survivial in the competition .