why , you may wonder , should we purchase item according to advertisement ? when facing this decision whether or not to believe an advertisement , somebody will claim that they trust these thing , but others , in constrast , will believe that most advertisement make product seem much better than their practical situation . from my point of view , i 'd like to choose the second one and my argument are listed a follows . first of all , an important reason why i hold confidence on this view is that the advertisement always state how well their product are . they may claim that they company ha a strong background and what they produce may have some perfect effect . however can you believe that there is something perfert in the world ? usually , their word are not true . for example , there is a famous company , odian company in china , which is focusing on the production of modern floor . in it advertisement , it claim that it commander center is located in germany , but this have been disapproved by a newpaper . therefore , how can we believe the advertisement like that ? furthermore , another reason for my inclination for my view is that we can not find the beautiful characteritics stated in advertisement . that is to say ; when we buy one item and begin to use it , we may find that these `` splendid '' characteristic disappers and some new problem arise . from a practical point of view , the advertisement will always blow up in order to make money . for instance , one of my classmate ha ever brought an air condition . according the statement of the advertisement , it will not produce much noice . however , his practical experience proved that it is not easy to fall sleeping if this machine is turned on . of course , an advertisement can tell u something useful . for a new product , a good advertisement can help the customer to learn some detailed thing about it and spread it impact in the society . specially , to some extent , i 'll agree that the statement in a couple of advertisement may be consistent with the real feature . however , if all the aspect are contemplated , it seems advisable for u to believe that most advertisement will blow up . in a word , although advertisement can supply some useful information , most of them are blowing up in order to make profit . what they claim just try to tell something unture to make their product more attactive . from all the above argument , we can reach the conclusion , that most advertisement will blow up in their introduction .