pollution is a today burning issue . cars are the first point we think of when we talk about this issue . but , even if there are more and more friendly-environment policy which work or not , what about car using ? will we use le our car in twenty year than nowadays ? not having utopic opinion , we are allowed to answer this question yes , according to several element about the changements which will occur about using car . first , even if the lobby which control petrol production are among the most powerful , the worlwide reserve of petrol are going decreasing . this is a well-kown fact , but a it is `` material '' , nobody can prevent u from this . this is a non-renewable resource and we are using a great part of it . so our way to use this resource can not be endless ; the situation will change . moreover , we heard it from the news more and more , scientist are searching and finding alternative to petrol working car . although these solution are often complicated and remains expensive , all the work about this topic are progressing . but , they are and will remain a certain time expensive alternative for the consumer ; thus they appear a a factor which will probably reduce the using of car in the coming year . given that it will be the only solution to use car , the number of car we use nowadays will certainly dercrease . third , to reduce our using of car is the first mean we have to reduce pollution , one of the growing-importance issue of our modern society . industrials pollution are being diminished by law , but the next step is a control of using car , a it is done actually in certain country like france . it is the best way we have to fight against pollution and the change about climate which begin to occur throughout the world . in fact , the other aspect of such a policy would be a very important developpement of the collective transport already existing a tube , bus , etc . .. transporting more people than car , they are an advantaging solution at several level . as a conclusion , even if it still sound utopic to say that it will have fewer car in twenty year , several element lead u to think this will come true .