i think that young people enjoy life more than older people do this maybe because of my personnal experience . actually , i am a young student still in high school and think that i really do enjoy life more than my parent for example . i am saying this because being young meens not a lot of reponsibility and a lot more freedom . first , i want to say that a a young student i am not responsible for a lot of thing in my life . of course , except the education success but this could also be my decision , to be successful or not . nevertheless young people are not resposible for any criminal act : when a young boy is for example charged of something , the parent take full responsibiliy . in addition , young people have no job stress , they only have a school to worry about but no more and the work done at school could not be compared to the work of a real job . we have no responsibility of living a our parent cover all our personal need . we have then no responsibility of finding a job to be able to live . less responsibility , is more freedom . i think that young people have more time in every aspect of life . an important aspect are mistake ; in fact we have more time when young to make mistake and correct them . for example , i can make a bad decision choosing what i want to study , being young allows me to reconsider my decision and start another program or course on another field of study . i can see also from my situation that being old disadvantage you from doing a lot of activity . my father , who wa a grat tennis player in his younger life have now a back problem and ca n't even run for a long period of time . i can not immagine myself not playing soccer when i grow older . being young mean doing thing that a lot of older people would n't do , like partying frequently . young people have this caracter that push them to go dance and spend a lot of time with friend and do a lot of thing at the same time . with the reason and example stated before , i came to a conclusion that being young allows to enjoy life more than being old . this could be different for other people