that is a really difficult question . i think car a one of the most important vehicle which we have and want . we need it every day , it doe not matter what we do . if we go to to work , if we go to sport or if we just visit a friend , we going almost every time by car . indeed , we can use a puplic vehicle like a bus or a train too , but in some case it is really difficult or just impossible to go somewhere by bus or train . i live in a very small town , which is almost 30 minute away from my school and from the next big city . if i go by bus and train to school , it would take me more than one houer . i would spent one houer on the way to school and one houer on the way back . by car i just need half the time , so i safe quiet a lot time in which i can do other thing , thing which are more important . just if we get something else a a car , like little plain , then i guess it would be possible that in twenty year there will be fewer car than today . the current standard is not the final result , but it is a starting point for new and better development . therefore it is possible , that in few year we going by little plain to work or school . a vehicle wa the most important invention in the 19th century , it make our life much easier . accordingly i do not think that we just say , okay all vehicle away and we do not need them either . we have to develop new and better car to protect thing like nature . nature is one of the most important thing which we have in the whole world . but we destroy a part of it with pollution . that we have to change . this is the only reason which i can think of , that we get fewer car or vehicle , because our nature is distroyed to much . but present we do think about it , to solve this problem , like a mentiond above already , we develop new and better car with le pollution . we all the car are away , we would have a lot of workless poeple . if i just think about , how many peole work in the car industry , that is quiet unimaginale , because that are so a lot . in reason of all above mentioned fact and my own opion , which i also tried to explaind about , i think we would have everytime somethink like a car or a vehicle .