i agree with the statement that most adevertisements make product seem much better than they really are . as a matter of fact , i believe that this is precisely the whole purpose of advertising : convincing potential consumer of the good quality or advantage of a specific product or item . it is the ultimate goal that the consumer , buyer , or customer doe what is being recommended in the ad . unfortunately , people in advertisement business may use all sort of technique to sound convincing and be effective , which go from mentioning only good quality - and exclude those which are not so good - to emphasizing the bad quality of alternative product or service . for example , any shampoo advertisement will claim that it will make hair get shinier , glossier , and easy to handle in , probably `` no time '' . is it true ? if we carried out a research to classify hair product ( just to choose any product ) into those which are effective and those which are not , we would probably end up with a ration of 1 to 9 . for one effective shampoo , there are 9 which `` claim '' to be but they are not . as consumer , advertisement have made u le gullible and more alert , a well a more careful when we make decision on the basis of impression created by advertisement . by making a comparison , advertisement are similar to the reflection on a rear-view mirror , reason why a sticker read `` object in rear view mirror are closer than they appear '' . we need to widen the use of this statement to many other context . i personally think that , although there are regulation to control the advertising business in term of using true/untrue statement and claiming result that they do n't actually deliver and sometimes even cause others , there is a strong need for further more-detailed regulation regarding the use of misleading technique which make consumer make wrong decision . consumers should be better protected because most advertisement use questionable technoques which manipulate the truth and that is dishonesty . .