i agree that it is more important and beneficial for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . this is because it is basically the idea and concept that lead u to various fact . ideas and concept form the basis of all the learning . concept defines the rule and regulation assosciated with a certain term . if an individual is clear with his concept , he can understand everything related to that concept . for example , if a person 's english grammar concept are clear , then he can understand and write any of the view expressed in english language easily . idea is basically a motive behind doing of a certain thing . whatever , we do , we do it with some idea at the back of our mind . for example , if a person is pursuing a management course , he is pursuing it with the idea that a management course will provide him a wide variety of oppurtunities in his career . similarly , various idea form the basis of our different action i.e drinking water to quench our thirst , eating food to satisfy our hunger . if a person understand the basic idea behind any task , he will be able to comprehend the implication of that task completely . facts are normally stated . they are the outcome of various observation and experiment performed under certain condition . but fact do not always depict truth . they may be true in one sense but they might be wrong in some other sense . for example . if an observation state that a particular type of technology is the most sophisticated technology in it field , this might be true for some but for some whose parameter of observation differs from the parameter of earlier observation might not think so . moreover , fact can be altered to meet certain specific objective . hence , i believe that it is more important and essential for student to get hold of idea and concept rather than cramming fact . understanding idea and concept will help them think more logically and practically . facts might mislead them but concept and idea will always lead them to a logical path . understanding of idea and concept make individual 's thought process more effective and efficient .