i really agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . advertising emphasizes the quality of a product , or simply change it . few case exist of a product being advertised a the worst one in order to be sold emphasizing the quality of a product is the natural way people working in the advertising industry use to sell their product . this is based on the assumption that the better the product appears , the most likely people are be to buy it . imagine that an advertisement show a car which is just the reflect of the reality , that is to say , going to the car repair after breakdown , buying expensive gas to make it run : people would not buy it a the disadvantage of having car would be too important . that is why advertisement insist on the mechanical performance of car such a the acceleration rate or the low consumption , which are positive value for people , but highly biased . in general the reality is far lower than the advertisememt . the advertised car is being driven in an ideal world in straigth line with no traffic jam . that is so surprising when you are finally aware of the real consumption rate in our today 's life . adverstisements can also tell false argument in order to give the product a defined image that fit people 's need . it sell quality that are not the one of the product . for example fast-food restaurant advertise on the nutritional quality of their product althougth this kind of food is recognized to contain high rate of grease and sugar . so in general this is sure that most advertisement improve the product itself because this is the aim of advertisement . i know one case of a product being sold a the worst one : this is called `` ugly fruit '' which are fruit with no standardized shape like those we find in supermarket . they do not look good . but even behind this there is a positive and emphasized message : uglier the fruit are , the more natural and healthier , even if those fruit have no more nitrituinal virtue . even ugliness could make seem product better .