a person with a broad knowledge of many academic subject is able to understand people from all kind of different academic field , while a person who specialized in one specific subject is not able to . however , when a person who specialized in one specific subject is able to make it a profession , a person who just know little bit and piece about many subject is not able to . in my opinion , this depends on what kind of future you are looking at . if you are trying to be a professional on a specific field , majoring in one specific subject might be more favorable . if you are looking at an adventurous life , you should have broad knowledge of many academic subject . if you are not in a hurry about the future occupation or profession , you are likely to be better off having a broad knowledge of many academic subject than just one . you will be able to connect to all kind of different people since you are able to understand them . interacting with many different kind of interesting people is a fairly attractive idea . for example , you are likely to come across many situation during your life where you get to talk to people in general , not just people in your own fieldt . talking and making friend with different kind of people will make your life more adventurous . however , if you are in a hurry to get a job , you are better off majoring in one specific subject . you will have a more limited knowledge , but if you want to be a professional in a particular field , you do not really have to know thing that are not related to your field . yes , it might be a little boring , but at least you will get to have a fairly organized , stable life . there are many advantage and disadvantage about having broad knowledge of many academic field and specializing in a particular subject . you can not state which one is better and which one is worse . it all really depends on what kind of future you are looking at . if you want an adventurous , active life , you should have a broad knowledge of many field . but if you are satisfied with a calm , stable life , majoring in one particular subject might be more suitable .