in the modern era , where it is an era of technology and science , the upcoming young generation is faced with enormous challenge . they have to preserve their cultural , social root and at the same time keep abreast with the latest technological development to have a decent standing in the society . i personally feel , in between these challenge the young people nowadays do not have enough time for helping their community . the first thing that come to my mind , a a part of young generation is to get a good education , good job and be stable economically . in the modern compititive world , it ha become so tough to keep up with this challenge that almost all of the time is eaten up concentrating on this single goal . a youngster in modern era , is most consumed with this challenge that he forgets his commitment to the community to where he belongs . if i consider my own example , i find myself guilty of the same thing , i am so much engrossed in my study and thinking about future that i am not able to denote much time to the community . i personally want to devote time to help the community where i wa born and brought up , and give something back to the society , but at the moment i think of that i find myself constrained by my socio-economic condition and the inability to do so . one of the major factor which i have noticed in the upcoming younger generation , is the loss of value and feeling of belonging to the community where they live in . they consider it just any other thing in their life , and are mainly concerned with their enjoyment and their life . as the fact in a lot of newspaper in india suggest , that a majority of upper class youngster , who are not constrained economically and financially , prefer going to night club and party to community helping , or tyring to help anyone in general . i do n't have to go much farther to find example of such case , if i look around my college , and student with not much financial constraint would at any time prefer to go to a club or a movie to enjoy rather then to help anyone . even in today 's modern world , i do find some young people willing to take up the challange and improve the society which they are a part of . a very good example of this would be yfe ( youth for equality ) organization formed by university stuents , in delhi , india , to fight against the reservation in the educational system on the basis of caste , which wa imposed by govt . of india . seeing their example , i am sure that some of the youth contribute to the society and country . the only concern is that such number of organization and people are very le compared to the total number of youth in the country . if we look at the personal life of an average life on an youngster today , in most of the case we will find that they are not very emotionally stable themselves . they are very much confused about what to do and what not to . in the modern generation , in most of the case with both the parent working , the kid who form the young generation do not get to know their value system . in absense of guidance of their parent , they usually do not understand their responsibility towards the society , country and moreover to humanity in general . i would conclude that , in general young people do not give enough time to help their community , but the reason for this are varying and are different for every young member of the modern society . for some people it might be the socio-economic constraint , for others it might be due to the loss of value . i firmly beleive if given the right direction and guidance , the young generation would realize that what they are missing on and definitely give more time to help their community , society , country and humanity .