it is quite possible that the number of car in use will reduce in twenty year because of various factor . firstly , if the public transport facility keep on improving in all country , a it seemingly is , there are chance that people will rely on them to a greater extent than on car . already , in many part of the world which have a high quality public transport system , people going to far off place for job take their car only to the nearest parking place from where an efficient commuting source is available . no wonder if the transport system keep on getting better and better , they wo n't even need to drive to the parking place in a car either . another factor that can cause a reduction in the number of car is the cost of fuel that car depend on . the cost of fuel is increasing all the time at such a high rate that sooner than later , only few people would be able to afford a car . added to this the possibility that the source of petrolium may die altogether in twenty year a ha been predicted by various scientist . however , this point is itself challenged by the fact that other new source of power ( for example fuel cell ) might develop in twenty year that would replace fossil fuel a the most significant source of energy . another factor that could account for the reduction in the number of car is the population increase . the human population in twenty year would increase to such number that it will no longer be possible to drive a car through most place a they would be overcrowded by pedestrian . there might not remain enough space for public parking a residetial building are going to occupy most of the available space . the condition of the atmosphere would have worsened by air polution by then and various government would have to impose a restriction on the maximum number of car their country can afford to accommodate . while on the brighter side of it , we can expect that in another twenty year , people are going to become sensible and mature enough to avoid using car and depend more on walking and public transport in order to improve their health and save the environment from various form of pollution .