one specific subject could be more difficult to developing your idea . i agree that it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . you can learn more thing for giving opinion about them . also it important for having well grade in the university . on the other hand you can give different lecture with many academic subject to your student . having broad knowledge of many academic subject you can learn more thing for giving opinion about them . it give you an extra point in group of academic for talking about different subject . also you cant show yourself more success to your head of department . that will give a point for getting a position at a department easly from the others . forexample ; i am an interior architect but also i study for industrial desing that give me more department in my university . means that having more value from the others for university position . other view ; it important for having well grade in the university . it mean that you can take more class about your interest moreover ; give a chance meeting more than ten prosfessor to taking their idea from your topic . it to difficult in my coutry to talking any prosfessor if you dont take his or her class . they dont have much time . having more grade is also important for going in another step like ; doctoral degree . you can manege your part with your grade in my country . you can give different lecture with many academic subject your student . i have an example for it ; my history lecturer burcu ozguven , she is giving history lecture and study many subject like decoratives in interior architecture , gardening , texture for early period of the greek . she can give lecture each of the subject . its grade for a person i think . having more opinion are important for our life . if we have time we must develope our subject for being well educated . people could use this education for serving to people . im a lecturer and have to be learn more for my student .