yes i 'm totally agreed with the above statement . understanding idea and developing your way of thinking about the facs and analyzing the problem in various way is the key factor in the sucess of any student while his scholar carrier . it is the fundamental only which provides a stronger base to any concept or any derivation of idea , so very first initiative in the student 's mnd should be bary clear about his fundamental . after understanding the base one shoul be able to clarify the concept hiding behind any proble or solution . the concept is the thing which often many student escape due to their laziness or their fear for understanding the concept , because generally it take time to build your concept . student often prefer to learn the fact ang swell then to save time and workship but they dont ever think of it after effect in their coming future life , because whenever they wil be using their theoretical knowledge on the practical groung definitely they will be in trouble to summarize their idea and providing a good soultion to any practical problem . it is really speaking a art for any learner who is really keen to grasp and going in depth of any concept and proving the thing very clearly . a student always should be willing to learn something innovative . and this is possible only when he lear about the concept and idea and building their own analyis and tactic . for any student there shold not be any ken , because he is in a state of learning nothing can be fixed for them to learn only this . it show the salubrious nature of any student who is confident about the concept and idea . there are gigantic many source available for building the concept and upgrading the idea . student 's sagacious behaviour make him a well analyzer and it the only thing which hone one skill and knowledge . often some student get intimidate by hearing the question like ` what concept you made form this idea ? ' this should not be any more difficulty for the student to sharp their skill and learning ability in their age because it the fundation of any buliding which they are going to build based on those concept . if the foundation will not be strong then definitely it is going to collapse . the ultimately we are in state of realizing the imporatnce of concept buliding and developing your skill . only by leaning fact and swelling them one can provide an immediate solution to the problem but definitely all his effort will be in vain if is not well equipped with the concept building . when student go to a practical field of life and they are called for expressing their idea about anything they studied then at time they will be producing an ineffective demonstartion of their skill . so if we think in long term then we find that the conceptualising thing will be fruitfull and also will provide you self satisfaction . finally i'ld like to conclude with the statement ' pracice make a man perfect ' and practice is notinh but honing your concept and ability .