education is not only the reason people get hired everyday for different type of job , it is also a way of life . to decide whether it 's better to specialize in a subject than to learn about many subject is a lifetime decision . depending on the person and his/her aspiration , his/her decision about specialization will be taken . i 'm more of a specialized person . i prefer to learn a lot about an interesting subject for me than to learn about many other subject that may be not so relevant for my taste . in my future , i expect to become a proffesional astronomer . since i wa young , i 've known that there 's no way for me to become an astronomer if i do n't specialize in astronomy and physic . if i wanted to become an astronomer and also have broad knowledge of many other academic subject , i 'll forever be a college student . maybe that doe n't sound that bad , doe n't it ? but i would also like to raise a family and maybe , being a college student all my life is not going to help me in taking care of my kid . in contrast with being an astronomer , there 's a proffesion that requires a broad knowlege about many subject : teacher . the teacher are like second parent to any son or daughter who get enrolled in an academic program . and maybe teacher are divided into type of class given , but a great teacher is the one that know about everything . sure you can learn about math from your calculus teacher but , what about a little history ? would n't that be great ? if a person decides to become a teacher , this person must be determined to study about many subject and not just one . another example of broad knowledge is our grandfather and great-grandfathers . what we have today is because of them . and most of them were n't specialized in a subject ; they knew something about everything . they are the reason our parent are here and our parent are the reason why we are here . maybe if all our grandfather had some sort of specialization , our life would have been completely different . so , in a way , people with broad knowledge were the founder of our society . but during this time , there 's space for everyone . you can specialize in a subject or not . the key is to decide what do you want for your life and to remember that everyone is different : i may be a specialized person , maybe you are n't . but we all are capable of learning and success only depends on effort , no matter what type of education is chosen .