learning is like aquiring knowledge . as we ca n't measure the depth of the ocean , in the same way we ca n't measure the depth of knowledge . we are always learning something like if you are watching some thing then at that time you are learning . now people are learning in two way . first they can aquir the thing form understandind the idea and concept logically or they mugup the thing and do not want to understand the idea behind that . well in my point of view we should always try to learn something logically . for ex.if you want to learn about the math and you want to remember the formula 's associated with that . in this case if you trying to mugup all the formula 's rather then understanding the logic behind that , then definitely after some time you ca n't remember it . on the other hand if learn it with the help of concept and the fact behind them then you can easyily memorize them amd you also get the knowledge about how to use them . let take the another example , if you want to learn about the electronics , and you want to learn that how to make a circuit , then at that time if you do n't know about the basis thing and requirement then you can not even make the simple think . on the other hand if you have the knowledge about all the thing then you can easily make anything whatever you want to make . on the top of that if chosse the right way to learn the thing like with the help of example and figure then you can memorize them easily and with the faster speed . you can also consult with the expert of the particuler subject , who give you the batter explanation of the topic then you can understand it more accurely . even if you have all the idea about any thing then it will also help you to solve the aptitude question in examination , which need the concept behind the subject . lastly , if you want to learn some thing then it always need an extra afferts and need logic behind that , if you clear this stage then no one in the world , are able to wash your memory .