education ha always been an important issue since our begginigs . greek scolars created their own system of teaching . curiosity is what take u to the desire of learning . nowadays there are very sofisticated method of learning . educational system have been improved since scolastic greek method began . some philosopher of the illustration said that our student were the base of our society . but is is not easy to make a student learn . it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . understanding is the process in which people 's mind made a clear idea of something . understanding something take u to a process of learning in which we can not also achieve knowledge , but manipulate thing using that knowledge . learning fact is to learn the word of what a law say or dictate u something without being completely sure about it . this method of learning is very risky because it doe not allows student to analize deeply the topic , it just tell them what it is . according to tales of mileto , the world is managed by cosmological law . and this law can be predicted if the necessary knowledge is achieved . for example the movement of the space corp . by learning the fact of the movement of a specific corp we could know the fact that it move . meanwhile understanding the idea can allow u to understand the orbit of the corp and we can be able to predict at what time it would appear visible to u . the learning of fact ha taken part of our history . aristotle told law fundamentated on his observation on the fallen of corp in earth . for many year we could not make any progress because the method of learning fact . there were fact considered true just because someone told it . different to this , by understanding idea we can analize properly what we consider necessary and create our own posture about it . undestanding fact wa what galileo galilei did experimentation on fallen of corp . thus he created his own theory . time never lie . true always arise at a certain time such a the method used by aristotle and galileo galilei . we could certainly observe which method is the correct one . learning fact ha many limit . therefore we can conclude that understanding idea is the best procedure in order to real learning .