there are various method that could be used in order for a student to learn new information . some student would choose to deeply understand idea and concept while others would choose to learn fact withoud a deep understanding of them . personnaly , i would definitely choose the first method which is a deep understanding of idea and concept . i truly think that it is much more benificial to understand rather than to learn . first , i would say that this method is a very intersting one because when you understand something , you get intersted and fascinated about it and about the way it work . let 's take the example of a physic course . i think that a student would be much more intersted by understanding a physic concept for example the way cellphone work rather than learning by heart some fact or conlusion . in addition , i am highly convinced that when you learn thing by heart without really understanding them , you tend to forget them very fast , so you would have studied these fact for nothing . it would have simply been a loss of time . futher more i would add that understanding idea could be very beneficial for the daily life . let 's take another physic example which is electricty . when you learn how elctricity work you are then able to deal with any electrical problem that you could face while you are at home , and would n't be using the help of an electrician . however if a person ha just learned some fact about electricity , it would then be difficult for her to soplve her problem without the help of someone else . finally , i think that the more you understand a subject , the more professionnal you become in this domain . and this is how we 'll be able to evolve , and make new discovery that could be very beneficial for evryone . in conclusion , i would say that it is way important for student to understand idea and concept than it for them to simply learn fact . a deep understanding of a subject could be much more beneficial than a simple learning of fact .