i do agree in toto with the statement given , `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communiteis '' . as we march on to the cyber age , the responsibility on person ha increased to find and develope new thing which would help in the betterment of the human life . but one should not forget the moral value which they learnt . one should take out some time for helping there community . these community can be anything . not only this , the young brigade feel that they are wasting there precious time in all these scrapy activity . the young people of this age are more intrensic in nature , they are like introvert , only thinking about themselves and not about the society . one single individual can not change or contribute to the entire community , rather a lot of people should do it . this can be done by drawing inspiration from such person who contributed a lot to the society . they should make them a role model and draw inspiration from them . not many school emphasise on moral value in the class , which make the student feel the frivolity and stuff in community . its not there fault , it the fault of the changing world , and they have to catch up with the running technology so a lot of preference is given to academic than the moral value . one can even contribute to society through technology , by inventing new medicine and helping the life span of a person grow but this merely happens . one should elect their role model , who contributed a lot to the society , like mother theresa , an old woman who didnt even car about herself and wa all time engaged in helping the society . one should look for such quality in a person . if an 90 yr old woman can do such amazing thing for a society then an 20 year easily should contribute thrice what she contributed to the society . if person save atleast a 1 dollar per day , that would be 30 $ per month and spend it in the welfare of day society then there every chance of the community to build up . so what i say is young people , they have the strength , capability and the money , all what is required to contribute to the society but he ha to find some time so that he can participate in the betterment of the society .