i would disagree with the following statement for several reason . first of all , it is important to have an understanding on a variety of subject beacuse specializing in one thing only can limit your perspective in life , and it can cause you to view the world around you with a narrow mind . however it is important to acknowledge and recognize that in order for you to fully appreciate something you must specialize in it and understand it in it depth and profoundness . for example , if you take a look at an ordinary school , you have different teacher for every subject . your calculus teacher is different than your literature teacher . each teacher must specialize in a specific subject in order to convey suffiecient and proper information to the student . however , that doe n't mean that the teacher is narrow-minded and ha a limited perspective in life because to specialize in one subject doe n't hinder you or stop you from exploring other subject . i plan to continue my study in the area of engineering which specifically specializes in math and science , this doe n't mean that i will stop reading novel , history text book , and writing . in fact i will have more time to explore these thing and enjoy them because i am no longer obliged to do them . in order for a person to be successful in life they must be well-rounded . however if someone had merely a broad knowledge of all subject and not specialized in any , then that person can not do extremely well in one area . what good will it do if the engineer building your house is not specialized in math but ha a broad knowledge of it ? this will definitely cause some promblems . in order for society to function people have to specialize in different thing . if we take a look at the ancient civilization of rome and greece , we find that even then there wa the merchant , the priest , the philosopher , and the general in the army . what made those civilization distinctive from their contemporary wa a result of their variety . in those empire not everyone wa a farmer or a nomad but different people had different specialites . because of the engineer building such a the colloseum were built and because of the philosopher such a aristotle and plato , new philosophical theory were explored . this led to the success of these two empire and their ability to surpass thier neighboring empire and become world power . if everyone merely had a broad knowledge of thing , then what would differentiate the engineer from the philosopher . how will people be unique ? how will they pursue what they are good at ? this is why it is better to have people specialize in one subject because it will make them understand it better and it will also add to the diversity of our world .