i both agree and disagree that young people enjoy life more than older people do . young people have more energy to do the fun thing . older people already experience their frustrated life . although young people have more chance to explore the world than old people do , they also have more opportunity to face the frustration than elder do . young people have more energy to do the fun thing . my parent always tell me that `` go explore the outside world when you are still young '' . young people only have one advantage and it is their young age because they do not have any wealth and experience . young people can enjoy their life by exploring outside world and trying many new stuff . we young people enjoy our life different than older people do . young people have to use the advantage energy to explore more or we will be regret when we are old . older people already experience their frustrated life . after getting old , they will have the merry life if they persist healthy . elders do not need to do anything for their life , thay can sleep late , read newspaper , watch tv , play golf , spend time with their grandchild and do everything they expect to do during the free time . older people can enjoy their life by having a lot of free time . elders can use this advantage to spend more time with their family befor jesus is coming for them . although young people have more chance to explore the world than old people , they also have more opportunity to face the frustration than elder . young people have le chance to go through the miserable event . young people will feel really painful when they face the frustration . older people have no chance to explore the world anymore because of their age . elders will be miserable if they do not have any family or friend . young people begin to explore their life and to try the new stuff . elder already pas the miserable period and they enjoy their life by spending more time with the family . both young people and older people enjoy their life equally but in different way .