the statement , that advertisments tend to be too euphoric regarding the product value or effectivness , is an ofter heard observation from people consuming today massmedia . the reason for a company to spend money on an advertisment is to make the product known to the public and to compete with their competitor on the market . if the advertisment is made for a new and innovative product , it is more likely a realistic view of the product ability , than it is in case the product ha to compete in a dense market of similar product . in the later case the consumer is alredy affected by the advertisments of other company or even own experience and therefore le likely convinced by a new product . depending on the market situation the product is facing , the advertisment ha to be choosen by the advertiser . the statement , i am referring to , should be made more specific , a a general view on advertisments is not possible in my oppinion . another reason why advertisments can seem to be much to confident in a product value but actually are not , is the setting or story told in the advertisment . a vacuumcleaner in front of a beautiful landscape is somthing different from the same vacuumcleaner in a wardrobe . the product is the same only the viewer connection to the advertised product varies . sometimes it is the consumer imagination that lends him to the conclusion that advertisments are promoting a unrealistic picture of a product and not the advertisment itself . in the case of product intended to be used by a very young usergroup ( kid or teen ) the advertisments are more likly to present a better picture of the advertised product that reality would allow them to . the young consumer are more easily affected by such campaign than older consumer , who tend to be more carefull when relaying on advertisments . the general understanding that advertisments ca n't tell the truth is wrong in my view , though the technique to present a product in a better light a it really is , is definetly in every advertiser toolbox .