life is not a one subject thing . as i learned during my high school , we need to have a broad knowledge , to see thing a a whole . in life everything is a consequence , interrealtions between different area of knowledge . you shouldnt limit yourself to one area . i studied in an interdisciplinary program , which ha a main objective to see knowledge a a whole by making conections between differents subject having a main axe history . i found it so much more interesting this way . you can understand why thing happened , per example the relation between music , art and war in the second half of the xx century . if you see each of this area alone , you will have an incomplete version , because you are taking the situation out of their context . also if you focalize your stuides in only one area . you are limitating your vision of the world . because there is no point in knowing everything about one topic . you will be missing so many thing . in my case , i like more than one subject . i dont want to choose only one . why are we forced to specialize in one subject , if at the end we will need more than one . thats why i decided to follow a university carreer in which i can choose any class that i like , regardless the area . another example of why we should know about several knowledge branch , is when we interact with people , per example in a dinner . a person who only know about one topic will be bored . but if everyone know a little about different area , they can have an interesting conversation in which everyone can interact and discus . touching different topic avoiding monotomy . i believe you need all type of knowledge per example math , that is one of the subject that is usually disliked . if you go to the supermarket you need to know to make sum , to at least be able to make the number . you will face huge difficulty in life if you dont know at least something from every subject . i believe everyone should be able to have a conversation in more than one topic . i believe that only the difference will help you broad your mind . and making connection help to understand life better so you will never get bored .