to have a look in the future and say that in twenty year there will be fewer car than now , according to me is a wrong judgement . over a period of time technology will improve and so will the population while people getting more and more engrossed in this practical world . history ha shown u that a time increase civilization also improves and with it the population . in developing country like india and pakistan the population is ought to increase by a tremendous amount in the near future and this prediction can be globally applied . with the increase in population the movement in and out will increase proportionaly and a a result car which are faster medium of trasnsport on road are bound to take a huge leap in their number . moreover with the advancement in the living style of people more will be able to afford a car and also with considerable increase in work , schedule are starting to get bussier which will demand faster movement and hence more number of car . agreed that technology increase with time but one cant find any mean by which technology will take a leap to develop airplane for faster movement on a large scale and replacing car in such a short period of two decade and will not be affordable for common man either . moreover scientist have developed alternate fuel for car like cng , lpg , electricity and so on . these advancement in fuel clearly reveal that in the near future one will see more of car and that too working on a variety of fuel . further these fuel being cheaper than their petroleum counterpart , will attract more customer and will rule the market for roadway transportation . the only other mean of roadway transport are motor bike , bus and bicycle but with the increase in population people will prefer more of car than of two wheeler and since with the increase in work schedule there will be increase in number of bus but not a much a compared to car which is convinient way of faster transportation . thus given a period of time population , advacement in living , alternate fuel , busy schedule of people all going in hand will contribute to increase in number of car in use .