some people overestimate the importance of fact and not pay enough attention to idea and concept , while some others approach the issue from a reverse angle and not care about fact and focuse on idea and concept . i do not share any of these marginal position and think that a middle-way including all these factor in different variatons should be applied in eductaion . focusing only on idea and concept is problematic for student . for instance , if a course on 20th century politics force student to pay their attention only to the major political idea and concept in 20th century without presenting any historical development or fact about the era , it can not be fruitful . moreover , it can confuse the student ' mind by leaving idea and concept in space . it can become a boring philosophical discussion in the eye of student , which say nothing about the era 's actual political life . overestimating the importance of learning fact in education process is similarly problematic for student . if that course mentioned in the previous paragraph give only factual information and focus only on concrete historical development , it can easily fail explaining the political life of the era . because the idea and concept that had major impact on these concrete development are inseperable part of such a course . they have a vital role in explaining those event . without them , the course may become simple story session in the student ' eye . on the other hand , combining these factor in education is usefull in education . if the professor of the course mentioned above pay balanced attandance on factual information , idea and concept , the course can become an efficient course that cover the topic in a comprehensive way . the student can be able to link all the information they obtain from the course and have a complete picture of the political scene of the era in their mind . in conclusion , i believe that idea , concept and fact are inseperable part of a whole . any education method that omits any of these part is very likely to fail . in other word , student need to understand all these factor in their education process regardless of the topic they learn .