many peole enjoy their life and they all have differnet way to fulfill it . enjoyment that young people can get from their life is so much bigger and astonishing . old people can never enjoy their life a much a young people do because of their surroundings and age . the old think too deeply for what they do compared to young people . i am 18 year old now and i do not think much when i do something , which make me enjoy my life more . young people often do what they want without thinking about the consequence it might cause . for the old , they always think about the result of what they do since they always have to take a responsibility in any situation . that make their life even more boring that it already is . as an example if you are a father of two young child , you have to nuture them by earning money and offering them many educational stuff . you always have to think about your childen . even if you want to give up your job and find some other job that you can actually enjoy , you just can not , for it is a big risk for you to give up your job . young people might have something to worry about but they can do what they want without being in a postion where they have to support someone so the change that young people can enjoy their life is much greater than the old . as people grow older the ability of their body can not but help being decreased . in nine case out of ten old people are weak comapred to young people . they can not be a active a those young people who play soccer and basketball every day . as an example you are 60 year old man who ha a son . one day you follow your son to take a walk . all of a sudden you son start to run fast . it go without saying that you can not follow him since you are old . it is something that you can not control ; a you get older your body is weakened . old people might have a great desire for doing new , but to do that they need to be in a good shape . in a word , they have to be healthy which is really difficulty for most old people . but for young people they are always active and they do not get tired easily since they are young . they have more chance to enjoy new thing that they have never tired in their life before , which make their life more intereting and exciting . some of old people might feel miserable a they get older and they are likely to find out that their life seems to be boring compared to young people . but they always have to keep something in their mind , which is everything actually depends on their attitude towards something . they can change their life in a better or a worse way . young peole might enjoy their life more than the old ; however , that doe not mean the old can not enjoy their life . they need to stay postive and find some way to be more enjoyful .