broad knowledge on all the area of knowing allows an individual to have intellect over many subject , which are the academic subject . primary and secondary school provide a person with the basic knowledge of all the area concerning academic subject . however , when the individual enters an university level of education , the person start to focus on a specific area , still making reference to others , but refering and specialazing in one area . i believe that even though this focus on an area allows an individual to develop a career on that topic where the individual 's interest is ; a broad knowledge of all academic subject is fundamental and neccesary for the development and growth of the individual throughout it life . some of the area of knowledge are the following : math , history , social science , natural science , and the art ( literature , music , and plastic art ) . for an individual to entirely comprehend world conflict and life situation it is demanded an atleast a general comprehension of these subject . besides the knowledge of all these academic area enhance the comprehension of the individual towards life , it permit the creation of connection between event through reason between them and to contribute more to the society . someone doe not need to be an historian or an artist to comprehend these area , but a basic knowledge on these amiliorate any difficulty in understanding them . as a preceptor , the individual ha to make use of reason and logic to make those conneccions which allow to understand , and also to create their own theory , their own conclusion regarding a topic . academic subject are the tool given to individual to have the start , the spark to create and make up it own criterion towards and subject , also the ability to discus among a group of person a topic and have basis to take and defend a stand . for example , those member that work in the united nations must have hollistic knowledge of the happening of the world and must have the ability of recognize them , and to use all the area of knowledge , along with the way of knowing , to find possible solution through the making of resolution . even though there are the committes of human right , e.c.o.s.o.c , disarmament and enviroment ; each member of this committe cant be stuck on only one of the subject involved . when looking to a conflict each one of them ha to have the ability to look at the panoramic view , denominated the bird view , from that of the narrow view , the ant view . this is what separate u from animal , the ability to reason , to identify a problem and search for a solution , using our most valuable tool which is our knowledge . in conclusion , to have a better comprehension of the world , of conflict , of life the individual must have a broad knowledge of all the acaemic topic , because they are all interrelated , and this build up the person own personal criterion towards anything , this make it possible for discussion between u.n. memebers concerning possible solution towards the impovement of a better world .