it is better to try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what we know how to perfoem well . i agree with the statement and i belivetrying new thing may lead to discovery . society ha developed a lot only because of the trying new thing by many people . although there is a lot of risk involved in the trying new thing , but that may lead to many discovery . when i wa studying in the college , all of my team in the class discovered a new thing about an antibiotic . we tried many experiment in the lab and later we succeded and that new antibiotic got patent right also . we faced so many risk in our work , but at last we succeded . like wise many discovery , for ex : medicine , cell phone , internet , etc , made our life more sofisticated and changed our way of life in an unbelievable manner . all this discovery have may risk involved in their work . by trying many new thing by the succesful people , they remained a a role model for the next generation . they will also involed in learning new thing from the school age onwards and they will try to imply that . weather a person may succed or failed , but trying is important . consider an example , computer wa invented by charles babbage , which is very useful instrument in this century . later so many scientist developed the computer and mde that easy to every one . in this century , we can not imagine our life with out computer . so many scients may have faced too many risk in developing a computer . they are all role model to this generation people . so now people are inventing i-pod 's , lap top , etc.trying new thing would not stopped at one stage . it is passing from one generation to the next in ancient time , farmer tried to cultivate a variety of crop , which improved our standard of life today . now people are trying to developenew biotechnology product to improve the quality of the food . like wise trying in every field lead to the change in the society . in the conclusion , eventhough many risk may involve in trying new thing , but that many lead to succesful thing . i suggest every one to try some thing new , sothat the society or thenext generation people may benefit about that . that fruit-ful result may change our life .