nature , the greatest creator in this universe , and the most powerful force of god to exersice his power on earth ha allowed million of specie to flourish on this planet . homo sapiens , now so called the ruler of this planet , do have a lot of dissimilarity among it own kind . these dissimilar group form communitites . the biggest responsibility of a man born in a community during the ancient or medival age wa to work for the development of his community and try to show it superiority to others . but with the advent of modern technology and the world shrinking into a global village , the social structure and thinking of man changed . now he is no more confined to a particular region or to a particular community . he move out explores the whole world and try to interact with other community in the form of adapting their culture and even having marriage alliance . the offspring thus are not much attached to the community of their parent but they have a stronger penchant to carry on the voyage of exploring and intermingling with other communites , which their ancistors started . but the biggest community , a man belongs is mankind . and contributing to it cause ha been and will always be the biggest responsibility of each and every homo sapien dwelling on earth . the race of earning more material resource ha left today 's youth with le time to fulfill it own responsibility towards it community . its display shear lack of courage and determination on the part of the youth . profession excellence to an individual mean much more then investing his time and resource to attain communal excellence . this is indeed not the only face of the coin . we can always observe a lot of social service being offered to the needy and to some weaker communties . the youth surely is not showing personal contribution for the cause of his community but they are indeed contributing a organisation . many organisation inspired by experienced personal have encouraged the youth for communal activity . so , it is apparent that prefession involvement ha surely shown the way to the youth to contribute to their community . yet , if few youngster are not willing to take out time to serve the community , then they do not deserve the right to survive in the big communtiy called mankind .