this question is not easy to answer and i think that there is no general answer possible . everbody ha to judge for himself . from my point of view , i belief that young people do enjoy life more than older people . right from the beginning of our life young people begin to learn . it start with fundamental thing like breathing , watching , tasting , feeling , etc . later on we have to learn how to walk or run . all these step go on during our whole life . this learning process keep people busy and therefore satisfight . even if the learning process doe not always succeed immediately or is painful , young people are filled with pride when they have accomplished something . this feeling is so good that young people cry it out loud `` life is so beautiful ! '' do you have already heard an older person cry this sentence ? i have not . in the last 50 year of our evolution , life ha changed dramaticaly . things became much easier and faster for example doing laundry or using the internet today like the toefl test . younger people do not have big problem changing themselves while their envoirment change . although young people always claim that they do not have time left because time run always out and the world never stop turning , i think they like that way . in comparision older people have lot of free time because they do not need to work any more . or they can tell u from the past and their memory and judge in some case better becasue they know the result but all these point i have mentioned are not strong enough for me to convince me that older people enjoy life more . i guess the changing world is the biggest problem for old people that they do have some problem today . my grandmother remembers quite good when the first man on earth stept on the moon . she wa sitting in front of her radio and could not really belief what wa happening there . today nearly everybody tell you for further information go on my homepage under www . my grandmother doe not know what the internet is and seh doe not want it any more . so belief that younge people enjoy life more than older people .