i agree with this statement . i believe that in life people have to change their normal habitat and go through different change in order to succeed . when people are accustomed to see the same thing every day and lack change in their life , sooner or later they will develop a sense of insecurity and may even get scared to the change . i am not trying to say that people should make increasing or sudden change in their daily , basis of life , but instead , to be more enduring and accept change if it is possible . for example , in the movie `` homeless to harvard '' , the protagonist , liz , wa born with a drug addict mother , and a father who doe not take responsability of her . liz inly face negative aspect of life and doe not even go to school . for example , instead of her mother taking care of her , liz is the one who take care of her mother while being a teenager and ha a lack of responsible parent figure . after her mother dy , liz is left lonely and the only thing that give her security is her encyclopedia because is the only key she had to learn , after never going to school . liz go through a shocking change in her life that probably no one would imagine because she get rid of that awful past and decides not to be like the familiar world she see , but get educated and go to school . after two year of studying , she entered harvard university . liz go through a change in her life that brings her from completely unsuccesful to completely successful . she is able to complete her dream and what she wanted to do most in her life an would never have imagined . people who have negative feeling among their life should use change a a defense mechanism . people should not dwell among their past or present , they should endure it and seek for possibility of a better life . taking risk may be a huge factor and also difficult because people always see a change a something insecure . this is why , a stated before , succesful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .