being a successful person i agree with the statement . the feeling of success is a great thing that is unresistable to have it again . when a person is successful then he/she is happy and pleasant , so the one who tasted the success before , want it again and again inspite of the failure or risk . the successful people are brave , they know and believe that the success is not impossible , it may be tough or risky but they know that the feeling at the end of the success worth everything . so when this person is up to a risky situation , he/she doe n't hesitate to try it . risk is a way , for this person to reach the success . but of course , this person may not be always so lucky , he/she can also taste being unsuccessful , he/she can taste the unhappiness . i think this make that person more ambitious , more hardworking . next time he/she will be more powerfull for this situation , ready for next round . doing always the same thing make u bored and it is the same for success . successful people get bored of doing the thing that they already know how to do well . it is not a new thing for them and they are n't a happy a they were at the first time they succeed it . they start to look for new or may be risky thing . becuase the thing that we do n't know well are risky for u . and risk is attractive for people who are looking for new success . for example , when a successful student get a bad mark , he/she doe n't give up , work harder until he/she becomes successful and also look for every opportunity inorder to try to be successful , this mean risk . in addition to that if the successful student becomes successful again in another subject , he/she find another subject to try to be successful . finally , i can say that successful people are unsatisfactory , ambitious and hardworking people . they love risk and new thing , and never give up after failure . they do n't satisfacted by doing that they know to do well . they keep on searching for new and more success . this mean being a successful person .