it would be beautiful to believe that twenty year from now fewer car would be circulating on our street ; but the sad truth seems to be that , in that period of time , many more vehicle will fill our street and contribute to polluting our world . on one hand , it is true that technology is rapidly evolving and that what today is `` brand new '' , tomorrow will be completely obsolete . the perfect example of this is computer . pcs become obsolete almost a soon a they are finished . the same thing applies to car . it could be that the great love that many have for car today , died tomorrow due to a guilty conscience or environmental awareness . people could start using other mean of transportation that pollute le . or the automotive industry could create a new way of collective transport that would lead to le car on the street . on the other hand , it is difficult , in a such globalized environment , to believe that the main mean of transportation : the car , will , in such little time a twenty year , be le used . the fact of the matter is that car are all around the world . everybody need one to go everywhere . even young adult try to prove who they really are to others thanks to the car they own . in new york , for example , not everybody owns a car , but taxi are available for those who need them which is , basically , the same thing . how doe someone from a small town go to work in a big city ? by car , even when there are bus or train available . one could walk or go by bicycle to many place in his or her town : groccery store , post office , etc. , but many still prefer driving . we have to face the truth . i disagree completely with the statement because i do not believe that our world is moving in that direction . we are still not aware of the great stress car are causing on the environment and i do not think that we will be in twenty year . it is not that i am not hopeful , i am , and i really hope that i am wrong in not believing in human , it is just that i look out into our life and i see what is there , not what i wish to see .