the quality of successful people is usually discussed . some say that they are more prone to be adventurer , trying new thing and taking risk , rather than doing what they already know how to do well . from my view , i totally agree with this for the following reason . without trying new thing , nothing can be created . when we look back what the great people in the past like albert einstein doe , they made a lot of imaginative assumption , and finally he revealed the famous physic equation and the great theory of relativity . all these discovery have brought about many benefit to u since their establishment . beside theory and discovery , all invention we usually every day would not exist should the great scientist did not try new thing and take risk . think about the richest person in the world , bill gate . he designed a software that our life greatly rely upon it - windows . without the venture and new idea , our world is just the same compared to our ancestor ' . not only scientist but many successful political leader have this quality . for instance , the first american president , george washington , taking the risk to be arrested or even killed , led people to overthrow the colonial rule . others include the drafter of new ideology like democracy and fair world trade . they dared to introduce and more importantly , to implement them . all these bring about significant impact today , even they might live thousand year ago . another reason supporting the statement is their faith to success . their desire to find new thing is a strong motivation for their work . if people do not try new thing , they recognize all what he can do . there will not be new impact on their life . consequently , they have le motivation to strive for success and are easily conceited with their past achievement . on the other hand , imagine a very diligent but conservative person who doe merely whatever he know . eventually , he is just a master of the present knowledge . he can not move further and stay at whatever he is . without new thing and idea , it would turn out to a very boring world . every thing repeat a it used to be and there is no surprise at all . considering the above , we see that trying new thing and taking risk are important attribute to successful people .