the commencement of the twenty first century , see 's a shot up in price of oil , which wa n't the case in the late 1990 's which oil price were reasonable low in compared with the stunning unpridictable price increase . the problem is very recent and report suggest that the demand of oil is more then the supply , which is the obvious reason for the shooting up in oil price . cars might be tempted to vanish . cars need petrolum , and with out this ingrident the car can not run . therefore if the price are shooting up then the consumer might be tempted to leave or sell his car behind and start his day with a pop on the bus , or underground to secure his/her arrival to his desired distination . the increase in usage of public transport will become more and more efficient over the coming year . the public transport provide a cheeper and more time is saved then having to wait for the traffic . furthermore let not forget the usage of technology . techology velocity have increased very rapidly over the commencement of the twenty first century . new developd transporting cabines might well be the case in the next two decade . hense now that the oil is being decreased , and is forcasted to vanish in the next two or three decade . scientist a well a techology industry will be looking for new efficient replacement . however we ca n't just rule out the vanishing of car just like that in two decade . there are more then 30 car industry and brand all over the world , and they would n't want to see there business currupted in le then half a centrury . althouh it ha been argued more the once about the enviromental conserns regarding car , cars emite alot of gas pollution resulting in an unhealthy enviromental spot . these constraint might have had a good effect on the car industry a they may set to launch a new and improved enviromental-freinldy car , which could run by solar energy for instance , that are very efficient and healthy and the same time . therefore i would have to disagree with this statement , i just ca n't see car just vanishing like that in two decade , twentry year is not a long time , however i agree with the fact the car will be le efficient then wut the were in the twenith centurary