i totally concur to the statement that the best way to travel is in a group and led by a tour guide . a tour guide well acquinted with the place of visit and is very beneficial when it a place having historic importance . we had visited the vatican city during this summer . even after doing a entensive course work before going to the trip it wa unavoidable from hiring a tour guide . gaining knowledge from book is always considered le than gaining knowledge from experience . it wa easier for u to locate the place but we were literally confused when it came to the historic significance of the place . eventually , we landed up in hiring a tour guide which made our visit more pleasureable and even revealed a lot of unknown fact about the vatican city which we might not have known . the tour guide showed u each and every artifact of historic significance and also gave a brief description of the ritual carried out in the city . our trip wa a success and even today it feel u with joy when we think about the vatican city trip . travelling in a group ha it own charm and benefit in comparision to travelling alone . the most important and noticeable fact of travelling in a group is that we never get bored and the trip become more enjoyeable when the group consists of friend . as mentioned in the previous paragraph , we had been to vatican city during the summer . our group consisted of 5 member including me . we had distributed the task among ourselves which wa quite helpful in planning the trip . i had the task of studying the map and marking the place of interest on it whereas my other friend had various other task . the planning of the trip wa so perfect that we saw each and every place on the map and were never late of any event . it would have been difficult for a single person to perform such a full proof planning . and even the expense of the trip is also reduced considerable a the overall expense are distributed among the group . the next time i plan a trip i would definitely plan it along with my friend and will always hire a tour guide .