i personally believe that the number of car will increase in the following twenty year . the only thing that may inhibit this trend is a strong committment , supported by all the important countries , to the safety of the environment . i will try to support my opinion considering the following argument : - urbanistic pattern ; - `` car habit '' evolution ; - the distribution of wealth ; - other mean of transport 's trend ; - purpose for which people move ; - last , but not le important , individual economic condition . urbanistic pattern cities are changing shape and numerous study and research state that in twenty year nearly 90 % of the population will leave in city area . this might increase the need of car . a limitation would be given by local law intended to manage the trafic , for example inhibiting the access to downtown . `` car habit '' evolution technology is helping to make car into in more and more efficient mean of transport , with lower cost than in the past . this might increse the number of people who can afford to buy a car . this point is strictly connected with that of the `` distribution of wealth '' . the evolution of the other mean of transport is strictly linked with politics and the big issue tackled by governaments . if governaments choose to enlarge public spending supporting the construction of train , subway , and all the other `` public '' mean of transport , people will be offered an alternative to the car , but if governaments miss this point , car will still be used a a preferential way to move from one place to another . another point is the reason why people move , that might be business , leisure , etc . . in the last few year the number of people moving for leisure purpose is increasing and this , combined with the fear to move away from home due to recent terroristic attack , may increase the use of car . all of this is true only if individual economic condition remain those of today ( or even better ) . but if this doe n't happen , there will be no money for car . perhaps no money for anything !