i think that i disagree with the following statement `` in twenty year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' to an extent . i would only agree to this statement under certain condition . cars would only decrease in twenty year if the crude oil diminishes by that time , i think . not only if it diminishes but also if it wa scarce or difficult to drain out due to the lack equipment to reach far or sense such small quantity . i say that petrol is important because with it out car wont move . in addition to that if this occurs the petrol price might rise and only moderate to wealthy people can afford having a car with such high expense . i would add to that that if rude oil doe decrease or diminish le factory and electrical generation would stop working and by that le classical car would be produced . on the other hand , i dont really think that within 20 year this is going to happen , i hope . as i see it , for the past three to four year the car innovation and availability in market with various shape , modality size and brand ha been increasing non stop . for instance in jordan which is a middle east country that is considered moderate non developed country have had a dramatic increase in car a it sseen in traffic jam that ha been increasing each year more than the other . not to forget mentioning the gulf region where each family member who is licensed to drive owns his own car . cars for guy in this region is their main obsession . oman wa considered one of the quite gulf country that wa known for it wide empty road for the past year it been having several rush time hour from initially starting with 2 rush our time on the way to and from work . ultimately , i anticipate an increase in car on road and in each house , 20 year from now based on what i see today . i also think that maybe by that time new car that are not petrol fuel consumer might be invented and in efficient use . there wa car invented that work on helium gas instead of petrol and i heard that it wa seen in one of the sstreet in some western country that i cant recall it now . in case crude oil wa to finish , i have hope that scientist will create alternative source of energy such a the solar power to provide u a normal sophisticated life life .