`` you can have any color you want a long a it is black '' . this famous sentence from henry ford is the symbol of the beginning of the mass production of car . before henry ford 's use of taylorism , car production wa linked with customization and very limited . since the 1920s the number of car produced ha increased exponentially . back then , there seemed to be a plethora of fossil fuel and nobody could ever imagine that car could be one day an `` endangered specie '' . nowadays , with the knowledge that fossil fuel is a finite resource , researcher are looking for alternative transportation way or other energy . taking all aspect into account , i strongly believe however that in twenty year there will be a many car in use than there are today . in this essay i will present the reason why i believe so . first i believe that people will not renounce to use their car that easily and that quickly . since the 1970s and the first oil crisis , oil price have increased . this ha had only few repercussion on people 's use of car . even in europe for instance , where consumer felt ( and are still feeling ) this increase in price , you can see many people commuting to work with their car . furthermore car is a really practical way to go from one place to another really quickly . people have gotten used to such an advantage which give them a lot of freedom . second i believe that the solution of the problem doe not lie in reducing the amount of car . i believe that it rather lie in finding alternative resource . researchers are working hard on other energy , such a bio fuel . in germany for instance you can buy car that are adapted to accept bio fuel . in france , a law ha been passed on that subject allowing bio fuel to be sold . therefore i think that there will be a many car , they will however use another energy . third i truly think that car have become a necessary a a home in people 's mind . having a beautiful car is a sign of wealth . it enables people to dream and to show off sometimes . some people invest in really expensive car in order to belong to a certain class , even if it mean that they will have to do some sacrifice . for many people , a car is a dream object . this positive image of car along with it role in the society ensure that in twenty year there will always be a many car if not more . to conclude i think that car will not disappear within the coming twenty year . even if there are problem that could cause the car to disappear , it importance on our society is such , that scientist will always look for solution and consumer will always want to keep on driving .