yes , i do agree with the fact that young people enjoy more than the older people . the young age is the very beginning period in a person 's life . a he growns up from his childhood to that of youth , he want to test all the adventure of life . he wish to make all his dream successful . although , this is the time for a man to build up his career by facing a hundred of problem , he always find an way to overcome all those to achieve his goal . their parent and guardian help them in winning over all trouble . since our parent are experienced than that of u , we never feel any problem sustainable over u for a large time . they are always with u to show u the way to accomplish our goal . so , they just used to study , watch movie at cinema hall with their friend and partner , attend party and picnic and dream for the long life to come to them a beautiful a they want . they even do n't bother much to earn anything for their family . they just use to enjoy in parent ' money . the lack of experience sometimes actuate them in getting involved in some over-enjoyment which brings in trouble in their life . they often use to attend late night party with an excessive drinking along with indulging themselves in wrong doings like bickering with people and even the can opt for unprotected-sex affair to get all the taste in life . the older people , on the otherhand , lead their life according to their past experience . they are being on the last stage of life lack energy a well a spirit to get involved into enjoyment like attending party or going to cinema hall . older people often suffer from lack of security when their child leave them alone . they sometimes count their day of living and becomes highly spiritual . in that older period many of them regret of not getting their dream fulfilled . in older period they also suffers from lack of money to survive in the remaining year of life . their bad experience in many works-leading to trouble , teach them not to repeat that for the sake of enjoyment . they are above all enjoyment to test the real