the question is if it is important for student to understand idea aand concept than it is for them to learn fact . for many class or subject it is necessary to combine both that mean learning fact and to understand ideads or model . according to a study many student prefer to understand the idea of the theory , because this is more useful in an exam . i think everybody have to understand an idea or concept because you can not write a good mark if you always learn some fact . most you must conclude to give an good response and not only list some fact . therefore it is very important to understand the topic or theme really . for instance , a student who study mathematics he ha to understand the algorithmus which is used to calculate something . for him is it not important to list only some fact , he ha to think logical . otherwise in some class it necessary to learn fact for a testpaper . if you do not learn this you would not pas the exam . i think only learning fact is not very important for your future . everybodey need it to collect life experience and therefore you have to understand what you are doing . when a student get started with work or a job many company prefer such student who have a good general education and not only knowledge in their study . mabe ssudents who learn only fact will forget it after a short time , but somebody who ha it really understand will do not forget after the exam . additionally it is important to be satisfied with that what you . some student are not interessting in learning fact . everybody ha it own method to learning or understanding something . a student of medicine ha to learn more fact than a student of electronics . sometime it depends from the subject . for the last one it is very important to understand the function of condensator or transistor , but he can experiment in a lab and maybe understand the function of it . in conclusion , it is very important to combine both method of preparing for a test . some fact a student have to learn but on the otherside he must understand what he is doing in the exam . in a job everbody train new concept or maybe he can remember on that what he ha leraned during his study .