over the pas serval year , there is an common phenomenon that teacher in high school , or even in the elementry school try to make up the idea of teaching student concept on some hard course . however , do the student have the high understand of the concept without the fact of the idea and statement ? as far a i am concern , it is more important for strudent to learn fact than it is for them to just understand idea and concept due to the interest , sens , and assistance of understanding the concept . in the first place , learning fact of the statement is more interesting than for student to understand and then memorize the concept accurately . usually , the idea and concept are word-for-word stated on the text book and most student do not understand it without teacher 's explaination . this explaination is required from the teacher offering the fact , which are related tothe concept on the text book , are easier to understand and memorize . for example , to understand the concept of the first law of conservation energy - no energy is destroyed or produced in the tranformation of energy , student would choose to understand the fact that the energy ha different type of energy such a potential energy and gravitational energy . also , an interesting diagram which contains how eneryghg is being transfer would be helpful for student to unterstand the first law of conservation energy . moreover , common sense of fact for understanding a complicated concept is useful for student . students would use what they see and think in daily life to understand everything they have difficulities with . for instance , student would understand the water property of adhesion in the example of the water strike walking on the surface of the water . in biology , learning fact of all the living thing are very important for the student to success since the biology is all based on the fact of life . on top of that , the reason why i disagree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them for learn fact is because learning fact are also help student easier to understand the idea of the study . as mentioned above , it is very helpful to learn the fact than to learn the basic concept . in conclusion , it is more important for student for learn fact in the mordern