i do agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . this is because by thinking about myself and friend around me , i can not find many young people , who are interacted to the community a lot . i believe this culture change is happening worldwide and considered it is usual these day . when my grandparent are young , they said they remembered that their parent were interacting with the community deeply and felt normanl that they had to live in that way . at the time when my grandparent are little , the wordl war ii wa happening therefore , strong bond in the community wa needed more than nowadays . young teenager were there to look after the little child and help the old people . that wa something they all had to do in order to survive . however , a the war ended and my parent 's generation wa born , there wa not so much situation needed for people to stick together because that wa the only way to survive . my parent 's said that they remember that their parent 's tell them to care about community and help them since that is how their parent 's grew up but my parent 's said that they never really understood why . i also do not remember my parent teaching me to interact with community and spend time for it . this can be because in my 17 year of life , i moved more than 10 time because of my father 's job and every time i moved to new community , it wa hard for our family to join easily . so we were kind of giving up on this kind of culture . even if the person never moved around so much , i believe not many people like to interact with community because people became colder about the connection with different people . in western and some part of eastern country , the cultural change in religion wa also significance to this change . in old day , religion wa strict and if you are christian , you had to attend to mass every sunday . however , nowadays , attending to mass is quite free and not many people critisises you if you do not attend to the mass . however , it doe not mean that spending time for community is wastful because people are acting in this way . human being can not live without interacting each other and it is very imporant to be a well being and help each other without benefit . it is very sad that nowadays young people are not spending enough time for community and for our future , we should connect with people more and create comfortable community .