nowedays , competition between company is feirce , every one need do his best in order to sell his product and survive in the market . and advertisement is a very efficient technique to sell and be successeful . i totally agree that most advertisement make the product look much better than they really are , everything look so wonderful on tv or on a magazine . new technology are applied to make people and celebities so perfect , bottle of product look bigger and to easy to use and to open . .. as a result , advertissements are having a big and negative influence on people 's life , it is just and endless process of a `` must have '' . we always find thing that we do n't really need , but we buy it anyway just because we saw it on tv last night ! and we end up bu spending hundred of dollar because we thought it wa somthing that we ca n't live without . aaother negative thing that influence adult a well a teenager is using celebrity to promote a certain product . everyone become obseste and ha to have this product . for instance , product for wrinkle or acne . just because it worked for a calabrity doe n't mean that it would work for you , everyone 's skin and hair is different . another example is the clothes . most of celebrity and model are thin and tall , and everyone ha a different body shape , so , if those clothes look good on the model it doe n't mean that they would fit you . and the worst thing of all in teenager watching those commecials , they can starve themselve or be anorexique in order to look like something irealistice , those photo shown in magazine are fake most of the time , they can make you look taller or thiner . in conclusion , i beleive that advertisement are not real most of the time , and the producer exagerate and make thing look so much better than what they really are , but company that never keep their promesses will cost them a lot because they will lose the costumer 's trust and will have a bad reputation . advertisement can be efficient and work for the compagnie and make it popular and efficient if the thing shown are real and not just lie and exagerations .