in my life i have visited a variaty of nation . i have come to comprehend the complexity of some culture a well a the unique characteristic each nation provides . each cultural enviroment provides a characteristic to mandkind 's identity . the language , the food and the history every nation in the world provides is be experienced when one travel to that nation . once we are surrounded by that culture we can explore it in a variaty of way . two way are by ourselfs and by guidence of a tourguide . what i have come to realize is that a trip becomes more gratifying , a well a at the same time it provides a greater cultural aspcet of the nation , when doe it with a tour guide . although the first argument against my opioin is that with a guide we are attained to his shcedule this come to play a small part in the desire turist have to adquire knowledge from a foreing nation . it might be true that with a group and a guide we are enshrouded in a surrounding where desicions are made by the majority . what come to be more relevant is that although a an individual in a grup we are unable to decide where to go a an individual we do not know where to go . in order to adquire a diverse aspect of the culture we visit we must learn what characterizes the culture . a tour guide is more than able to explain where the culture of the nation stand out for it unique characteristic . a tour guide provides a well what i personally seek in a trip , knowdlege about the nation history . by ourselfs we are able to visit far more scenario but at the same time we are unable to grasp the meaning behind each scenario . in a trip i preffer to see few scenario but once i come home i return with a load of cultural background conserning each scenario i visited . the pleasure each experience grant me is greater when i know the social , political , economic and historic background that the experience withholds . some do not like the pressure a group imposes . i rather think of the shcedule in a group a the best way to handle my time in a trip . with a shcedule i regulate the time it take me to visit each place in the culture i seek to explore . i preffer to know what i should learn from rather than wander around the city i visit . as an individual i would get of track my trip when i start to think of what i must do in order to get the most gratification out of my time in that nation . a guide provides information , a schedule and when we combine these two aspect a guide come to provide a vast cultural knowldge i desire to discover . what a trip evokes in my mind is an unsaciable thrist of knowledge . this thrist would unlikely be calm down by my own . it is best if i have someone that is able to give me the background information of the mation i visit . by visitng a nation with a guide and a group i also learn from a new perspective . what to me might be intresting to some member of my group that same object stand out a dull . a guide and a group come to provide experience , poins of view , cultural knowledge that when put together create a cultural diversity which come to transalte into a remarkable trip .