the sentence `` it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact , '' open a wide field for discussion . asked whether i agree or disagree with it , i must say that i agree . i want to explain this opinion in the following . the first question ask is : what is the issue here ? what doe `` to understand idea and concept '' mean ? understanding idea presupposes the capabilty for analytical thinking . this is something student can acquire by discussing argument , by asking question and listening to other argument . in doing so , student prepare for their future professional life in training the necessariy ability . understanding idea also mean to apply conceptional method of working . here , argument from different persepectives or discipline are linked in order to achieve a more comprehensive picture of a matter . this also enables and train student to think beyond the boundary of their own discipline - a quality that is required in professional life . to conceptualize idea and hypothesis is important for a dialogue with others - student or colleague . students are forced to think for themselves and strenghen this ability . if the understanding of idea and concept is emphasized in the learning process , student will later be able to apply their knowledge with confidence . this is of great importance within process of competition . also , the delineation of argument , describing fact and process is better done if student have a comprehensive knowledge of their subject rather than learned pure fact . understanding idea and concept is a necessary precondition for research , where ability to remember fact and combine them in new & unusual manner are necessary . this said , i , of course , think that the learning of fact is important , too . but i regard it a a precondition for the process of understanding idea . facts alone do not say much . also , fact alone can be much easier misused . what is needed for understanding of fact is the context . the meaning of a fact in most case only becomes clear if the fact is contextualized . being critical of something also is a very important precondition for research activity . being critical is only possible if