i disagree with the statement . students have to understand the main idea and concept on the one hand , but have to learn the fact aswell . if student understand an idea , they should be able to work the fact out in any case they need them , but only if they know some fact . when a student only learns the fact he will later only know them and might lose the view for the whole topic and thus not being able to anwer the question . he might lose himself in detail . it is important to learn the fact aswell a the general idea , because you can not answer a question without having any fact at hand . in case a student only learns the general idea and forgets to learn the fact he opposes the problem of not being able to answer a qouestion once again . he might have understood the whole thing , but is not able to present certain fact that are necessary for explaining a specific topic . therefore an answer wo n't be possible . when a student ha learned aswell the general idea and concept a the fact he should be able to answer every question on a certain topic , without greater problem concerning his preparation . he might have other problem , but they are not to be discussed here . in my past school time i generally learned the fact but sometimes it occurred that i had n't understood the whole idea and concept and therefore a classtest wa really bad . if i only had understood the main idea and concept but hand't learned the fact i wa n't usually not able to answer quoestions according to the given task . when i had understood the idea and concept and had learned the fact , the classtest wa n't a big deal . so i have experienced just what i have stated above . serveral friend of mine have experienced something quite similar . bad grade when they had either only learned the fact or idea and concept - good grade when having learned and understood both . thus it is most important for the student to learn the general idea and concept aswell a to learn the important fact concerning the topic .