in this world there are three kind of people who are very much responsible for their own happiness , problem . they do not want to take advises from the others . they do n't want to share their problem with the others . the three kind of people are young people , middle age people and old people . here we discus about the young people and the old people . is young people are enjoying the life or the old people are enjoing the life . from the statement , i agree with it that young people enjoy life more than older people do because the young people are in the right age to enjoy . they can go anywhere they want but the older people can not . from the morning till night the young people are enjoying a lot in sleeping . i.e. wake up late in the morning some people wake up early in the morning so that they can do some work out where a old people can not . in the second reason i want to specify about the young people enjoying in the bike and car . as the young people go to college by bike and car . the college enjoyment is different where the old people can not enjoy the college life . the young people own there personal bike and car through which they can enjoy the whole road while travelling and they can also travell to long distance with their friend . in the third reason i want to discus about how the young people are enjoying in the night . after the college hour and in weekend i.e. in the evening hour the young people enjoy a lot in going to movie , pub , disco , and some weekend program or function . where a the old people connot enjoy all these party in the evening hour and in the weekend , they just call upon their friend to their home and can just have gettogether in a closed room . finally i would like to say that older people are not much energitic that the young one . in their day i.e. when the older people were young they used to enjoy a lot , here it do n't matter . here we are just discussing about how the young people are enjoying than the older one . in conclusion , i would rather like to say that young people are dynamic , energitic , and can enjoy the life more than older people . in every aspect of life young people are enjoying the l