i disagree with the statement which say , `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' . the following reason will support my opinion . first of all , when you get to travel in a group , you always have to move with the group , which mean you ca n't schedule your own course where you want to drop by during your trip . you might go to only the place which you did n't expected to go . for example , i wa on a trip to japan . me and my friend scheduled everyplace we wanted to visit for 2 week . it taked a bit of time to get those imformation but it wa worth it . suppose i travel in a group with a tour guide and miss the premiere leage , the english soccer leage , eventhough i 'm travelling england becuase it 's mot scheduled . that will be terrible for me . secondly , if there is a tour guide he might tell you all the imformation about all the place and stuff . it could be good for some people but i think studying about place you go , culture neer it , learning history is all part of the trip . if you do n't study about the place your visiting you might not understand their culture and old stuff eventhough someone like a tour guide explains you everything . because i think studying about the place is very exciting and essential for making my schedule and plan for my trip , i wo n't need a tour guide . also , if you are in a group you wo n't even get your enough free time in your trip because you 'll have to move on all the time with your group . i think this problem is one of the most important problem in a trip . i think a travel ha too make your stress dissappear , but when you have to move when you do n't want to , it 'll make you more stressful . when i visited india with my friend , we rested and read book in our hotel for a day . somepeople might think it 's a waste of money and time but i think it 's the best part of travelling . however , these are the reason why i think travelling with a tour guide in a group seems terrible to me . i think studying about our own destination , resting there and scheduling the whole travel by myself is the most important thing in my tour .