personally , i do prefer to travel by myself . traveling with a group ha limitances that i think reduce your experience in a place you have never been at . everytime a person is leaded by a guide , his preference or opinion are more likely to be affected by other 's opinion and , also are predeterminated by a person that already ha a point of view based on his own experience . when a person travel by his own , the only way to enjoy the travel is to be always aware of the world around , due to it is a new place and your sens are open to any movement . it is exciting because if you do n't take care of the thing around , bad experience will happen easily . from this perspective , there is not doubt that traveling in group is much better . a group give you a safety sensation , even if you do n't know the people around , a feeling that whatever happens you will have somebody to share with , negative or positive . also , a lot of friend can be made in a group trip , i believe it is another advantage . it is usually a long time spending together with new people that at the end , you share your new experience with them . in other hand , traveling alone is a great idea to make new friend . although it is true that it 's only you in the trip , it doe n't mean that it is only you at the place you are visiting at ! also , at the end , you will share your experience with other people and the most important , other 's will share experience quiet different from yours . as far a you are willing to meet new people and know different place , a predeterminated group is not necessary to enjoy a trip . in regard of the tour guide , from my standpoint , learn and search information by myself is the most reachness way to expand your knowledge about a new place . a tour guide will only tell you typical thing , memorized information from a book or a little guide . then , if i just want to know general thing , i do n't need a guide , i need a book . traveling by your own , you need to get information , map , place and people . however the difficult but also the most rewarding part is not to have the data , is how to get this data . due to there is nobody that will provide you all the instruction for the next day , schedule and rule , it 's necessary to create yours . creativity is the most important ingredient in a succesful trip , you need to define what to see , when to be there and how to enjoy it . besides , traveling in group is much more expensive than traveling by your own , and in fact , it ha sense . if you want somebody to be your tour guide and a complete schedule of your next day activity , you have to pay for it . in conclusion , a traveling experience is much more appreciated when it is created by the person , it is a way of live a trip even before you leave home .