memory is the key to school sucess . that is what certain people truly believe . of course having a wonderful memory can help you to remind some detail of a precise subject the day of an exam , but can you learn anything without understanding it ? we will first examine that it is not possible to learn anything properly wihtout understanding , then that learning by heart is not learning and finally that if you have understood something one then you will know it forever . every science teacher will tell you that learning without understanding is a waste of time . the famous french author rabelais told it himself : science without concience is a only the waste of your soul ( science sans conscience n'est que ruine de l'ame ) . so it is clearly impossible to learn without understanding . may be it will be quicker to learn fact then understanding the key idea of a subject , but will you then be able to explain the subject to someone else ? therefore we can tell that learning by heart is not really learning , indeed one thing is certain and that is that when you have understood idea and concept of a subject , you must be able to explain it to anybody . for an exemple , we know that the civl war lasted from 1865 to 1867 but is learning this fact helping u to understand what ha happend during this war ? certainly not , but knowing and understanding the economical situation from the first american state can truly help u to understand this war . and it can help u to explain it later to someone else . likewise , if we have understood something like how to ride a bike , then we will know forever how to that . understanding concept and key idea about one subject is the same thing , you will understand it and then know it forever . and this is truly helpful , imagine you have to pas an exam , you have learnt everything by heart because you think you have a good memory that will always be there for you . but suddenly , somehow , you do not know why there is a huge hole into your head and you can not remember anything you have learnt . if you have taken the time to understand your subject this situation would never happend to you . in a nutshell , we can say that learning only fact can be a real risk that should not be taken , it is not worth it . but sometimes learning fact can help to understand idea . like in history you need the date of the event to understand what ha happend in a certain period , in order to understand the logical order of the event .