i stronly disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do . in my point of view that , on the contrast , older people could face their life in a posituve way and do some valuable thing that they want to and they have not a demanding attidute toward others . older people , therefore , i think would enjoy life more than young people . at the first place , older people have enough time to travel and see the world . i , myself , am a local english tour guide in beijing , my hometown , a a part-time job . most of the tourist i took were the eld people from australia . the most situation for them were they had travelled many place in the world after they got retired and they told me the story about their travelling . when they were telling those story , what i saw from theri face wa the happiness they got from travelling . seconly , they , the older people , could face their life in a positive way by which they enjoy themself very much . most of old couple i took were this sort of people . it is commen thing for them to pick trash up on the ground while the young people around were just past by or kicked it off . i remember that an old man who got a band back persist to climb up to the top of the great wall without any help , such cable car . i wa told by him that this wa part of my life and i enjoyed it very much . on the other hand , most of the young people in my life including my can not enjoy our life by traveling . first , we do n't have that much of money to support the travelling ; second , the most important thing for u is study . besides , young people have n't not that much life experience which might lead they see thing in a negative way . take a freshman in my college this year for example . this student , who majoys in spanish , jumped themself from the forth foor just for a n unbeliveable reason that she could not pronause the spanish sound extactly . to sum up it , i do not agree that statemant of young people enjoy life more than older people do . i do think that it is old peopel who have much life experience to enjoy .