in my opinion it is better to specialize in one specific subject . people that do not specialize in one specific subject usually have a broad knowledge of manz academic subject . the problem with this type of knowledge is that the person usually know a lot about lot of topic but doe n't have a deep understanding of any of them . for example : during middle school and sometimes high school , student are thought various academic subject , that is to say that they attain knowledge from all of them . the problem that they have is that they do have knowledge about many different thing . but since they have to study all of them , they are not really able to completly understand any of them because the brain doe n't have the capacity toabsorbe such bast quantity of knowledge . and a a consequence these student can not use this knowledge in order to make a significant progress in any of these area . on the other hand an individual that specializes in one specific subject can have a greater understanding of the subject he/she is studying . by specializing in one subject the person manages to learn everything there is to know about it and a a consequence he can then use this knowledge to inovate . for exaple : in medicin there are some disease that are so complex that the only way in which a man can be capable of understinding it possible cause in oredr to be able to make an attempt to find a cure for it is by specializing , concentrating in that one specific area . if we think about it , all the advance that the world ha made have been becuase of individual that focuse ( specialize ) in a single area of knowledge and expand it . there is too much knowledge in the world for a single mind , it physiologically impossible for a single man to be able to learn everything there is to know . so if he attemps to learn everything he will not only fail to do it , but he would have sacrifice time he could have invested in learning more about an specific subject . on the other hand i do think that people should have a minimum amount of knowledge of many academic subject because everything you can possibley learn will help you in the future .