generally , the pupose of advertisement is to promote and advocate the adventage of it subject or to create publicity so that it potential consumer may now how and where to purchase it . none of the definition above suggest that the advertisement ought to make the product `` look better '' . advertisements merely show what a product is made for , or good at . advertisement also play a crucial role in techonolgy development ; by a sucessful advertisement , important product can truly show it importance . two following example illustrate the idea that advertisement serve the pupose of showing what a product is capable of with respect to jsut looking good . with the success of ibm personal computer advertisement , people enjoy the convenience of that product . in ibm pcs advertisement campaign , it simply dememonstrate how easy those calculation that seems cluberrsome doing by hand canbe done . the advertisement lurks to people need for convenience and create great publicity . noted how with in the process of advertising , ibm did not claim anything that the pcs were uncapable ; it certainly did nottryto make pcs look better . nervertheless , the advertsement of pcs wa a success , and people of the 20th century are greatly benfited from it . another incendent how advertisement helped the sale of the producted without making it look better is the trailer that usually come out before a movie is in theater . trailers served a very important purpose in the movie bussiness . the majority of the people go to movie because of what they have seen on trailer . only from the name of a movie , it is hard to tell what it is about that may or may not arouse one 's interest . the basic function of the trailer is to give a peak about the movie to the public so it can attract people who might be interested . trailers are usually created from the original movie , and therefore no extra element is given tothe public that might be misleading or make the movie seem better . however , a trailer still contribute greatly to the success of a movie .