for student is more important to understand idea and concept then to learn fact because those give a construct that help them to survive in every situation while somebody who is only able to give back fact can not cope with real situation like in everyday life . first of all , fact are created by individual and their opinion influenced indirect their researched fact . in other word , every researcher is caught in his subjectivity and fact are only a objectiv a the next researcher who will find another argument against it . learning fact is never learning the truth . researchers goal is it always to disclaim an argument or a fact . a learned | right | fact can be tomorrow | false | . but what should a student do if all his fact he learned over his study are not worth it anymore to discus after a couple of year ? his study would not make sense without a construct that help him to adapt a fast a possible new fact and to go with the progress of science in a sense . more important to a student are his tool which he know how to use , how to get information . in addition to it he need an logical construct of thesis and idea , that established during the history of science , to produce in comparission to all the theory that are already there his own idea and his own theory about a specific subject . so concept are like an construct of a house skeleton made out of iron . the build a house with very wide open glass front you need first the skeleton and then afterwards you add the single element like glass door , glass wall . .. to make it a complete building . concepts and understanding idea are the skeleton of science and compared to the house fact are only singular element that can be exchange if wanted . for example if a glass wall is broken or not contemporary anymore it can be changed like false fact . but fact rely on the skeleton a well a understanding idea and concept , and can not exist without it , to create in this case a whole construct of science . while concept and idea function a skeleton and can exist without singular element a a construct of science .