people easily concludes that a specialized knowledge regarding a particular subject is urgently required , however , this will not only isolate the person in ` society ' but also will isolate from the ` trend ' , that of the world . the person possessing a tremendous knowledge in one subject without understanding the rest , will have a strongly fixed view - point toward the world , since one learnt only a part of the world . the person will not be able to accept other 's point of view or understand it , because he or she will be too much concentrated on one subject . therefore find themselves hard to recognize different world . leading to the social isolation a one will not permit him/herself to accept and understand others . the person will also be isolated from the trend . the international society is now leading to the trend of globalization and the active interaction among the nation . when one keep such a limited knowledge regarding society , he or she will not be able to understand and anticipate the changing trend of the world a the international society is interacting in uncountable area . as a result of complex interaction , a concept of international study now advented , which deal with various international aspect that includes literiture , science , politics , business and such . therefore , if one contains knowledge in one particular subject , leaving out the rest , it will not be easy for him/her to follow the international trend . nevertheless , if a peson posse a variety of knowledge , one will be able to understand and accept other 's thought since one will be aware of the fact that there exists countless point of view . also , one will understand and predict the trend of complex international society since one will be enlightened of how various subject interact with each other . therefore , one should be able to reach oneself to the variety of knowledge ; first , to understand other 's point of view and effectively communicate with them , and second , to allow him/herself understand the interaction among subject and how it influence the international society .