some people think the successful people always try the new thing and take risk , whereas other people think the successful people usually do what they already know how to do well . as my point of view , i think the successful people will try to use the different view and do the distict thing that other people never do before . there are several reason to support my viewpoint a below . i suggest that the successful people will always view the thing in the different way , that is because the society now change dramatically than before . therefore , if we did n't know the trend of society , we will be phase out one day . in this situation , successful people must be a person who monitor the change of the society and always reminds himself to be the pioneer of the society . in this reason , they will always to be the person who have willing to try the new thing and to understand all the new concept of lot of field such a political view and managing perspective . furthermore , since the competition of the world is enormous and lot of the thing is changing day by day . a successful people must to be use the latest way or thought to keep up his advantage . on the other hand , if someone always focus on what he ha known and what he is good at , he will never know that the new thing have brought the quite big impact on the world and his skill will be never be used in the future . so , a successful person must be a person who always know the trend of the world and try the lastest the method to deal with the thing he faced . to take bill gates to be an example , he is no doubt to be a successful person who try the new thing and take risk rather than only doing what he already know how to do well . he ha the uniqe view to realize that the software will be very popular and important in the world . although lot of people though that the software wa not so vital a the hardware is , bill gates still insisted his opinion , and then created the microsoft and to be one of the greastest influencing person in the world . in conclusion , i think the successful people must be a individual who have brave to do somethings that no body have courage to do it . therefore , he can always keep his advantage and continuously create the new thing and bright the benifit for the world .