the statement point to a very positive and successful tip for enlightment of every student 's academic career . therefore , i totally agree with the statement . in the changing world of new upcoming idea and concept , it can be easily seen that the basic entity being very conventional . so , if this convention or initial model is not well understood , the whole further theory would sound unacceptable and hard to follow . in the later stage , situation of being in a state of total blank of the whole model can arrive . it will be very difficult to switch back at the basic at that moment because the course ha taken a speedy track . neither the student would be able to cope up with the lecture nor will they participate in the interactive session of the teaching , thereby leading to a bad impression upon the professor . learning the fact will not only be difficult but also very confusing . there will be numerous fact that the student will have to cram up which is not an easy task to go ahead with . moreover , a situation may arise wherein the student find himself in the utter world of contradiction , since he did not pay attention to the basic ideology in picture , or the fact that he is trying to mug up is entailed with a certain ideology very conceptually , which he merely ignored . the art of learning fact rather cramming i would say , is not a key towards the long term success . personal satisfaction is major point one should lay stess upon . naturally , it will not give innate satisfaction with the art of learning without understanding . an individual will not feel the real content of the course he studied . it will be very superficial kind of studying technique he will be adopting by ignoring various basic logic to be understood . the very obvious example to refer is the regular course or bachelor degree the student is pursuing . the basic idea behind every course of study is the implementation of the same in the real life i. e. education for the real world . a crammer will not remember anything , the ideology , the concept , the implementation whereas a mindful attitude will be a positive outlook towards basic entity of understanding and cracking the every problem faced in a coherent manner .