i agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . there are several reason why i think this way . in this essay , i am going to talk about them . first , we can apply those broad knowledge base of many academic subject to further learning . without basic broad knowledge of many academic subject , it can be hard to learn new thing because what we only know well is only one specific subject . in this sense , we can only adopt new thing relating to the one specific subject we know well about . for example , say that i did n't focus on any other subject but only on chemistry . and i faced new graph like velocity vs. time . even though i can just memorize the characterstics , it will be very confusing to understand why the graph look like that without knowledge in mathmetics . therefore , some knowledge in mathematics would help me in learning chemistry a well . thus , broad knowledge of many academic subject is important . second , it will develop u in thinking critically , beyond and above . if our knowledge is limited in one specific subject , then our brain will work relating only to that specific subject . for example , say that i learned about european history in the history class . we are to memorize the fact that happened in each country time by time for internal assessment and test . at this point , imagine you also learned a lot about economics in the class . now then the event took in each country time by time will appear a lot easier than they were when you did n't know anything about economics . this is because the historical event are somewhat related to it economic condition at that time a well . like this , broad knowledge of many academic subject help u think critically , beyond and above . lastly , we can have a good conversation with any kind of people in variety of job or profession in society . if i lack of broad knowledge of many academic subject , it will be hard to understand people of different profession than ours . therefore , it can result my bad relationship with other people later on . for example , say that i 'm professional in economics and i 'm meeting a philosopher for first at a cafe . personally , i want to make a good relationship with him . however , during the talk , whatever he think is way too much different than i think that is . also , it 's hard to understand him because i do n't know anything about other subject from economics ; a well a philosophy . therefore , i will definitely have a hard time talking to him . but imagine if any one of u had broad knowledge of many academic subject ; say the philosopher did , then he would understand me even his thought are different from what i think . then , we will somehow keep good relationship between each other . like this , broad knolwedge of many academic subject help u in communicating with other people and make social relationship better in the future . in conclusion , with the fact above , i think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . it help u apply them to further learning , develops our critical thinking skill and give a chance to make a good social relationship with other people .