most advertisments really let product seem much better , than they really are . advertisment is one way to win new custumers . in order to fullfill this task you have to convince the custumor with argument , but are there any good argument for a chocolate bar ? most time buying vegetable would be the better choice . so advertisment us the art of persuasion to win a custumor 's heart . therefore you can not only present the good site of a product , for example how great a chocolate bar delivers your daily need of calorie , or leave some fact out like the risk of cancer related to smoking a cigarette . often you have to add something to a product , which doe not really exists . you may add a health factor to sugar coated cornflakes , because there some vitamin in them or give a product a social touch by supporting project in the third world like evian water tried by their last campaign . but the most effective way to let a pruduct seem better is to make it absolutly necassary for the customer 's happieness . if the customer doe not purchase it he never get happy . the product ha to complete his life . for this you have to wake new need with advertisment . the need to be cool is one of it , it is just the simple need to diver from others and only the new product help to reach this aim . the best example for this is a new cell-phone . it provides a lot of new function , but if everybody else owns one too , it fastly becomes boring . the ability to differ from the mass is only possible with a new one . this is the time when advertisment trigger . it present not only the usual feature of our new mobile phone it also show how `` cool '' the new product can be . another typical example for this way of creating new whishes is perfume advertisment . they try to tell , that the human wish of beeing accepted or having sex is only reachable with buying this kind of perfume . if really help to attract a new partner is quite unsecure. a lot of other factor are also involved in the advertisment the perfume get more ability than it really ha . so the product seem better than it really is