i disagree , but not entirely , with the idea that having a broad knowledge on many academic subject is better than being specialized in one specific subject . i think that there should be a balance at the time of gaining knowledge . therefore , you should specialize in a topic but at the same time you should be open to learn other topic . gaining knowledge of many area can lead to what i call : `` dilution of knowledge '' by dilution of knowledge i mean that , although it is true that you know about a lot of topic , but because there is not enough time to obtain all the important information of every subject you would end up with a little bit of information from every area . therefore , you would have diluted knowledge . having diluted knowledge can be perjudicial when you encounter a problem that requieres you to know in depth about a specific problem . for example : in order to have a job , society expects you to be specialize in a topic , when you see the employment section in the newspaper you would not see an add that say : searching for a person who know a little bit of everything . you would find company looking for people with specialization of different area . by other hand being a very specialize person can take you away from society . for example , i am pursing a bachelor degree in mathematics , and i know for sure that if i only concentrate in learning math i wo n't have anything interesting to talk about with other people who are not in the same area a me . as an another example , i have worked with people and problem from other area . this summer i worked with biologist in a problem conserning dna , in this case it wa very important for me to know the biology involve in the whole process , but i wa needed , because there wa a mathematical problem that they could not solved by their own . you could see how being specialize in math , but also having knowledge in biology wa very important . in conclusion , people should specialize in an area in order to be useful in the laboral aspect of society but they should not concentrate only in their specialization a they would disconnect from other aspect of society a for example , socialization . also , specialization could be useful in topic that are different from your specialization , because , specialist of a certain area are needed in problem outside specialization topic .