i would agree with the statement that it is necessary for student to unsersatand the basic idea than merely learning the fact . to exemplify , let take how an engine work . we may learn many fact about the engine a such or how curiously it work and more . but knowing the fact about the engine doesnt mean that you are conceptualising the basic idea of it mechanism . knowing all the fact doesnot mean that you may be able to repair an engine if it broke down on way . but understading the mechanism and conceptualising how the engine work would help you a lot . just learning fact is only a way of mugging up thing . facts always remain a fact and it doesnt mean that student are understanding it . it may teach you right from wrong one . but if you try to understand the basic idea you may be able to build your own answer for many question . students would find this atmost handy while appearing for practical exam . a student who ha understood the concept will develop his own answer from a question even if he is asked an indirect or related question . thus you are trying to find out your answer from your own knowledge base which you have conceptualised better rather than merely knowing the fact . but the student may find it difficult to conceptualise thing a it is not easy for all to grab thing in the same manner . for this , it is better to be more pragmatic than reading through book . it would be better for the student to picturise the mechanism and do it practically . to quote another example , it is a fact that aeroplane fly with the help of pressure difference on it wing . but merely knowing this fact is not sufficient enough . if you try to understand the idea that an increased velocity of airflow through it wing will create lesser pressure on the surface which get pushed upwards by the increased pressure at the bottom part , you would conceptualize the idea much faster . if somenoe can show this with a model or a picture , the student woul understand it better . students who have poor idea or concept find themself difficult to get updated with latest innovation and technique about those subject . so understanding the idea and concept hold the key for effective learning and success .