certainly some people think that young person seldom participate and help the community these day . but personally i believe that the education and society give young people the chance and the time to have a contact with community to help other people . first , the school focus on the importance of volunteer work in the community these day , so that student give their more time to do volunteer work than before . for example , when i wa in high school , the teacher set up the volunnteer commitee which give the information and chance to do volunteer work in the hospital to clean the room . in addition , the school produced the event that student pick up the trash around the school once a week . the experience of attending the volunteer work and helping the community once a week is enough time for student . that experience give me the chance to have a contact with my community . i wa very busy at studying , but i have a chance to realize the importance of helping community . according to the newspaper , the school more emphasize on teaching the importance of volunteer work these day . this example demonstrates that school make enough oppotunity for student to help their community . second , the community have a chance to young people to help their community . for instance , in tokyo , where i live , the number of the trouble of robber and fire accident caused by people is increasing . therefore , in my town , the commitee of the town decide to ask youg people to look around the town to protect the accident during the night . i attend this activity once a week . this example also show that the young poeple have a time to help the community because of their need to defense by themselves . i can understand the opinion that young people are busy of studing and eager to play the tv game , so that they seldom help their community . however , the school and communiries make enough time and chance for young generation to help their community . therefore , i definetly disagree with the statement that young person do not use their time to helping their community .