it is a common thought that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . this is no surprise when we think about how good it can make someone look in a cocktail party or in a fancy dinner . indeed , who doe not admire people who know about varied subject ? but can we say that having specialized knowledge is not a worthy a knowing a little bit about a lot of thing ? i think that society doe need specialist , that is people with highly specialized skill and knowledge . indeed , some profession require high accuracy in knowledge . for example , a surgeon is generally specialized in a part of the body , a brain surgeon are . in my opinion , that is due to the fact that people concentrating on a subject learn a lot more about it than people learning a little bit about everything and who just can not find the time to go further in each field . other profession , such a teaching , engineering or accounting , need specialized knowledge , which is restricted to a field or few field , but that is very thorough . that is why i really think you can not say that specialist are unworthy compared to people who know le but about more field . i also think that society need generalist , or people who can cover a lot of field , because they posse knowledge from a vast range of subject . in fact , i believe that those people have to work hand in hand with generalist : they can either assist them ( a a secretary would do with a doctor , for example ) or they can manage them ( a a chief executive would manage a staff of engineer ) . indeed , a these people master knowledge about varied subject , they can deal with the detail of specialist ' work , such a classifying patient ' file or financing engineer ' project . that is why i do not think it is fair to assert that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject : to my mind , both specialist and generalist people are necessary in the society , and extensive knowledge of a precise topic can be a helpful a more restricted knowledge in more field .