the world we live in is getting more and more an egoistic , self-focused world . it is true , at least in my opinion , that people are more reluctant nowadays to give their time to helping their community . however , i do not think this to be a characteristic of young peolple only . actually , i believe adult are the first one to give u this bad example . pursuing always more their career and always spending more time for themselves rather than for building up family or caring for their old relative , the adult of this new millenium seems to prefer living by and for themselves rather than placing themselves inside community . this is at least the picture that the television and movie industry show u . . just looking at worldwide famous sit-coms like `` friends '' and `` sex and the city '' , it is imposssible to find there portrayts of adult interested in something different than their job , their friend , basically their life . younger people , instead , are becoming more and more sensible to their community , probably because that feeling of `` enlarged family '' that in the past wa typical of small city ha disappeared during the last year . european community launched many program of national and international volounteer jobs in order to make youngster understand how important is to be part of a larger community and share experience with other , offering what you have and getting back what you lack . an already ten year-old association active in the city i live in , called `` time bank '' , aim right at this purpose : you give others your time and help when you can , and in return they give you a `` time check '' by which you can ask back the time you donated to others when you will be in need of it ! it is therefore generally true that people have become more selfish and not always willing to help other member of their community , but i also think that this will all change soon - mainly thanks to young people - because we have all understood that it is not easy nor good to live like floating island on the same ocean , but is way better to start living a a real , strong community .