certain people believe that young people enjoy life more that older people do . on the other hand some people disagree with the idea of young people enjoying life more than older people do . in my personal opition , i strongly agree with the fact that younger people have relatively more time to enjoy life than old people do for several reason according to the amount of responsibility , energy and time . one of the major reason why younger people enjoy life more than older poeple do is closely related to the amount of responsibility that older people and younger people have . in my opinion , getting older mean receiving more responsibility . based on my personal experience , a a high school student , i used to play game , meet friend , and did not worry that much on my future . however , a i grow older , i started to feel pressure , get responsibility and worry about my future which i have to prepare from now on . as a result , i strongly agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more that older people do . another main reason that young people enjoy life more than older people is based on the amount of energy that young people and old people can spend and enjoy . for example , based on my personal experience , i used to eager to travel and visit foreign contries when i wa young . however , a a grow older and i receive more responsibility , i started to get lazy about enjoying life . in addition , i put the studying primary than enjoying my life . it is the reason why most parent sacrify their enjoy for their child because they have the responsibility of being parent . last but not least , another huge reason that young people enjoy life more that older people is closely connected with the amount of time that young people and older people contain . as i stated above , a people grow older , more responsibility they get . therefore , older people will have le time to enjoy their leisure time . based on the amount of responsibility , energy and time , i strongly agree with the fact that young people enjoy life more that older people do . therefore , i would recommend young people to enjoy their life before they grow older .