in today era of exponentially evolving technology everybody seems to be entangled in the race to outcompete the rest , to overshadow others in term of accomplishment , success , fame , power and superiority . technology is meant to make life simpler but are we really achieving that . todays youth , in the process of mastering the expertise of desiging a robot , which can perform any task you ask it to , have them self beocome like one - a robot . we work only towards are selfish goal and gain . our life revolves aroud word like i , me , mine . gradually we are becoming detached to our family , society and community . our perspective ha narrowed down . we do not see beyond our self . we do not think about our society and nation . nobody take responsibilty or authority to improve the system . everybody dream about landing on the surface of moon and mars but nobody really ha the time to see what is happening to our earth , to our people . pests like terrorism , global warming , racialism , poverty , economic disparity , nuclaer arm race have crippled u and need to be seriously considered and eradicatd before they cause complete decimation of mankind from the face of the earth . many of our natural resource are nearing extinction due to reckless overuse and lack of repletion . who shall take the inititative to replenish them ? natural resouces are gift of nature to u which are to be judiciously used and passed on to our next generation . technology and education should not only be aimed at exploring new area but also to attend to prevailing problem of today world order . who else ha to take this inititative if not the youth of the world . they are the pioneer of tommorrow . the bud which shall bloom and become the architect of our future . even if each individual youth , in his modest capacity , decide to make some contribtution towards restructuring and refurbishment of the society , solution to a lot of problem will emerge . afterall the purpose of education is not just to cram book , make warship , look through a microscope but to make this earth a better place to leave . it is the moral responsibiltity of the youth to unite against and fight social predator .