the first point i would like to say is that i totally agree with this statement . because young people have young view towards to life . they are positive , joyfull , active person than the older one . they can listen and learn thing better , their mental have a big capacity to gain the information coming from the outside . on the other hand , older people ha specisific view towards to life . they get tired of work and external factor . they wait to retraite and stay at home . and their mental is full of lot of thing . they do n't want to think necessary thing anymore . so young people enjoy life more than older people . enjoying life ha different aspect that can differentiate from person to person . when a person ha born , he or she doe n't know exactly what is waiting for them . there are lot of step waiting for them to take to be succesfull for the rest of their life . for instance ; when you finish elementary school , college is waiting for you then university moreover starting to work . first aspect is that when you are young , you can enjoy life better . you go to cinema , movie with your friend . you can go outside to eat at a restaurant or go to disco to have a great birthday party with your friend . t he second aspect is at early age , you can learn lot of thing from business and social life . your intelligence brings you lot of success to maintain your life happiness . companies search for young people to apply to the position . you can find suitable job for your skill . you can earn lot of money . third aspect which is the most important one is that young people ha a excellent freedom of expression and happy looking towars to life which is very important in our society . people should protect their right and defense themselves against situation . they must have self confidence to be more successfull and to enjoy the life . on the other hand , older people experience everything through out their life . they just want to stay at home , look out of the window to see the snow . they do n't want to enjoy the life because they have experienced it before . maybe they have travel all over the world , they have gone to cinema million of time . so they choose to enjoy a silent life . as a result , young people enjoy life more than other people by making activity with their friend , by working hard and earning money and by looking happy to the life . i agree with this statement because i am young and i am joyfull . this view reflects my life in a postive way .