i disagree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subject rather than to specialize in one . all of u have heard of the quote `` jack of all trade , master of none '' . i think i would like to be the master of atleast one subject . i believe that unless one ha detailed or specialized information regarding a subject , it is difficult to speak challengingly on that subject . to quote myself a an example , i have a broad knowledge of seven language . i speak english at college , telugu at home which an indian regional language and have learnt a smattering of french , german , hindi ( india 's national language ) , spanish and italian . but , i am handicapped when i have to converse in atleast five of the seven language i learnt which doe n't serve the purpose of learning . i also believe that specialization is required in most field . some of those field being engineering , medicine and law . when you have a toothache , you would visit a dentist rather than a general practicioner . a similar logic would drive you to a cardiologist when you have a heart attack and to an opthamologist when one ha a problem with one 's eye . hence , it can be seen that in the above case , a person with broad knowledge of the ailment would serve no purpose a one requires specialist . another area where i want to illustrate the use of specialist is engineering . civil engineer are required for building bridge and computer engineer are required to work on computer . a non-specialized engineer would simply do a bad job or a blotched job . we could also consider the field of law a an example . we approach criminal lawyer for fighting our case in case of crime such a murder , extortion or kidnapping but we would approach a consumer court lawyer for problem such a adulterated food . thus , we infact need specialist all the time and in all walk of life ! another advantage of being a specialist is that people look up to your opinion much more than if you were un-specialized . we would much rather believe a person who ha obtained his doctor of philosophy degree in a particular subject rather than an undergraduate student . hence , i believe a broad knowlegde of several subject doe n't really serve many purpose . infact , it might even be dangerous . have n't we all heard of the saying `` half-knowledge is dangerous '' ?? an intern might suggest a wrong course of treatment to a patient which could have a fatal affect . such affect are not limited to medicine alone . thus , i believe in specialization and aim for that kind of approach in all my endeavour .