why do we see soo many advertisement on tv or in magazine ? many people buy or even recomand thing because they saw it on a commercial or in a newspaper . the system work like `` brain washing '' . what you see or anybody tell you is good and if you are going to hear it over and over again you are going to believe it some day . i absolutely agree with the statement that `` many product seem much better than they really are '' . if you look at the package of an orange juice with a sepcific brand name like `` happy day '' you will see a nice green cover with an orange on there . when you are thursty and you go into a supermarcet , i guess that i will pick exactly this product because the cover of it look awesome . later you are going to open the dring and you will be disappointed . you will find out that it is only sweet and what the producer promise with a commercial slogan like `` 100 % orange juice '' , can not be a true thing . another example to underline what i mean would be the commercial of a product which many people already ate at least one time in their life . `` pringls - chips '' . they have all the same form and they taste good ( in my point of view ) , but a slogan say that they will never become hard because you can close it again with `` una tappa di plastica '' . if you are going to open a product it doe not matter if it is a yoghurt or a package of chip they will be not fresh after a time . what will happen if you are going to pay in the supermarcet a lot for a simple shaver because everybody bought it and it should be so smooth and soft and there wo n't be any possibility that you are going to cut yourself with it . a famouse brand name would be `` venus '' . after three time the venus shaver is also not going to cut a good a it did at the first day . in my point of view people should not invest so much money in advertisemts . people and many child around the world need financial aid and we should support them and should not support product which we are going to buy anyways .