i disagree with the statement , that young people do n't help their community enough nowadays , although it is a difficult topic to decide on . i understand how someone would come to making such a statement , seeing young people rather spending time hanging around at bus stop or the like , or not offering their seat to elderly people in the bus , or listening to them talk about how they do n't care about anything but themselves and their fun , or see them littering in park or on the street . however , i know a lot of people who are very devoted to helping others , to making the environment more comfortable for everyone to live in , or who are very considerate concerning their neighbour and other people . for example , the number of young people who decide to do a voluntary social service , helping and taking care of mentally and physically challenged people , or do an ecological service by fighting polution by putting information out or cleaning up the countryside , restoring national park . also , a lot of young people help out with communal event like election , fair . sometimes they initiate such an event , or they simply help by counting vote , for example . and i 've seen young people sit in the public library and read to child every week , thereby making the happy and maybe help out the parent by taking over , at least for a little while . another aspect that i feel should be taken into consideration is the following : talking about how people nowadays do n't help their community enough implies two thing : firstly , that there wa a time when young people were more devoted to their community , and secondly , that there is a valid measure determining how much help , or how much time spent helping can be considered `` enough '' . i do n't think that young people of the previous generation devoted more time to their community , exept maybe for the fact that they spent a lot more time their , since they were n't a flexible travelling or choosing the location where to live a young people are today . young people , especially when they are still preparing for later employment , often change location , when they start college or university , for example . and if one only spends a limited time in a community , there might not be enough time or opportunity to get properly envolved . as for the question how much involvement would be considered enough , i think that this is not a question with an absolute answer . some people may think that helping out in a nursing home once a week for one or two hour would be enough , others would not even consider this amount of involvement worth mentioning . this last aspect alone , which boil down to a question of perspective , is why i can not agree with the statement that young people do n't spend enough time helping their community - this and my own experience with numerous individual , some of which i have mentioned above , which prove the contrary .