there have always been argument or complains about the behaviour of young generation among the older generation , it is an historical attitude of human in all period of time . so the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their community look like a cliche and i do not agree with it . there are some reason for my argument . first , the statement seems to me like a cliche because when my mother is making such kind of complains , she say that her mother wa also making similar complains to her . furthermore i have read an article about this topic and it is stated that in the writing of ancient civilization there were complains about younger generation . what i mean that , the reason of such statement is the fight between generation . second , we have to look at what doe it mean helping community ? i thing it depends on the time . for example , in the time of second world war , working in a hospital a a volunteer meant helping community . from another perspective , child of a farmer can help their father in field so they may at the same time be helpful for the comunity . however , for the time being , young people are able to contribute their society throug sitting before the computer for hour . the activity ha change by the time by it ha always been the young generation who come up with the new idea that lead to development . a a result , we are live in a global world the most important aspect of which is information revolution . quality of work in many area depends on brain force not on the muscle force . people can work in their home with their personal computer and achieve much more thing then before in a short time . by the same token , young people are also follow these development . they learn many reality of the world and develop idea for their solution by searcing in internet in a very short time . it is not necessary any more to participate some kind of socially responsible clups , be aware of reality of world and develop an attitude . there is short way of doing everything including helping society .