with the high speed of the development of commercial market , advertisement have become a important part of the commerece . with the advertisement appearing on the newspaper and in the television programes , peope become familiar with many product and have an easy way to compare before the actual buying . however , some of the advertise use maginificant to attract costoms which cause many people confuse that most advertisement make product seem much better that thay really are . personally , i am againist this saying . first of all , i think people should realize that the maginficant is an effect mothed to make the audience realise the real beneficial thing of the specific project . just take an examlpe in the real lilfe : whwn we watching advertisement on television , most people prefer to watch the one with some humous element in . and for most of the time , the humous itself is based on the maginificant . that is to say , the maginificant make people laugh when they are gaining the information from the advertisement . and a we all konw that humour can make people remember the stuff longer or at least have more impression on it . and the only result of this thing is that when peole are selecting product , they will may some attention on the thing that they have a deeper impression . and that is what the producer want . second , a a universial truth , people would not buy some product again if they realize that they are tricked by thr producer . in other word , if the producer want to keep a good record in the customer ' mind , they have better to be honest , especially in the advertisement , bacause advertisement are the virtual thing that may cause more confusion by people . so , that is to say , if the producer want to get more benefit from their product , besides keep the good quality if the product themselves , they shoule also keep a good record in the audience ' mind for their sdvertisements . that is to say , most producer dare not to use the fake information in the advertisement in order to make product better . in conclusion , it is not true to say that advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . but producer may use some specific mode to make their advertisement more attractive in order to make more benefit .