the education process ha evolved during recent decade . in the past decade , student were tought in a way that would only permitted them to memorize fact . the importance of education relied on accepting fact rather than understanding them . things have changed , and nowadays student should understand idea and concept rather than learning only fact . the world demand well prepared people capable of analyzing situation , solving problem and proposing idea . when student understand idea and concept rather than learning fact they are able to develop a process of constant and connected learning . they are able to apply idea and concept at different field and they can find relation within different subject . they have a broader spectrum of idea that they can develop into competence throughout their student life . this make the knowledge process smooth at all level of education . students are encouraged to understan rather than simply accepting idea . the problem with learning only fact is that it partializes the knowledge . a student would only memorize fact for a certain subject and it would not be able to find it aplicability in other field . facts only respond to specific detail and eventough they are useful , they can not constitute the pure basis for education . facts do n't permit discussion . as an example of what i have presented before we can analyze a history class . it is different to learn history learning only date and fact that took place at a certain time , than to undestand idea and concept that lay behind the fact . if a student is able to see the connection between event and to undestand the condition that gave birth to a certain fact they would undestand many of the thing that take place today . as a conclusion i would say that the education process need fact a well a undestanding idea and concept but the last one , is more important for developing a well constructed and supported knowledge . in my opinion , the early you give a student the possiblity to do this , the better he/she wil performed in academic life .