there are many benefit related with travelling in a group led by a tour guide , such a opportunity to make friend among the group member , and a fixed itinerary which reduces the risk of getting lost . however , i believe that the benefit of travelling alone outweigh the benefit of travelling in a group in many way : personal time management , tailored travel route , and budgeting . firstly , it is important to have a detailed plan with specific tour location and time in order to effeciently organize and run a tour where many people are involved . this mean that certain location of interest may not be visited or may not receive a much tour time a one may desire . locations and time allocation would be based more on the overall benefit of the group , rather than the specific interest of the individual . therefore , by travelling alone , one could exclusively tour the location one is interested in and allocate a much time a one want in viewing the location . the organization of the itinerary would be up to the individual traveller , allowing him to map out his own travel route and `` design '' his own trip . also , travelling alone would allow the traveller to budget the spending specifically to his need . the traveller could significantly reduce cost in unnecessary spending related to visiting area of little interest , and increase spending in local food culture or buying souvenir . the area of spending could be adapted to what each individual traveller desire , depending on what part of the tour they want to concentrate their tour spenditures . moreover , cheaper transportation and accomodations can be adapted into the plan of an individual traveller . however , in a group setting , traveller are charged with a lump-sum amount where little room for personal interest and budgeting decision is allowed . in conclusion , i disagree with the statement `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . '' i believe this may be true in the case of people of old age , who are more comfortable with a mapped-out plan and a tour guide leading the way . however , i believe travelling should involve adventure and discovering place which genuinely interest me . therefore , in my opinion , travelling alone give me the freedom to live the trip the way i want to and to discover the place i desire , creating a much better tour experience overall .