i agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact for the following reason . first , if we put importance on learning fact , it tends to produce people who think the result is always the most important . for example . i used to think that the english ability test such a toefl is the genuine reflection of one 's english capability . based on this notion , i tend to judge how people i know is fluent in english by asking his/her test score . in addition , i wa easily dissapointed or overjoyed upon my result of the score , because i tended to think my test score would determine my english fluency . as i constantly get higher and satisfing score , i reached the conclution that i had enough skill to handle english , and stop studying . however , i found out my perception wa wrong . there is no limit , or end for studying langage and it is more important to try hard or make effort , than making good result , because those process can tell u essential lesson , such a importance of being humble or keeping high motivation all the time . plus , since i have been living in the states , i recognized how my english level is not sufficient to call it enough . therefore , putting more emphasis on learning fact ha the risky effect that make people think the result is the most important . second , if we try to understand idea and concept , better than to learn fact , we are likely getting more innovative and flexible way of thinking , or seeing the object . the idea and concept are filled with great experience , or lesson by our ancestor . for instance , the japanese car is said to be excellent in it quality . this is the fact . however , none of the good lesson or experience can be leaned from the fact . on the other hand , if we try to learn it idea or concept which lead the japanese car maker suceed , we can learn benefitial informaion to u , such a how dillidency is important , or how teamwork is important . thus , i strongly agree with the idea that understanding idea and concept is more important than learning fact .