it may seem to be true that the use of the car will be decreased in some time . however , it doe not seem to be right even in this moment . moreover , i strongly belive that people will take more car in the future . first , there are possibility that the rate of using car will be decreasing . nowadays , the enviroment problem such a air pollution have become one of the most significant problem in our life . where have such an pollution come from ? in general people mostly find the solution of the question from the largely increased use of artifact , especially car . therefore most government considerably raise tuition for using a car or at least have plan to gradully increase it for reducing air pollution . besides such raised tuition , the restriction using the car will be highly increasing a the concern of the environment increase . also , the fee for using car will be larger since the amount of petrolium is significantly decreasingn . therefore , people might buy le car to reduce such disadvantage . however , although such assertion is valid in today , number of people both who us a car and want to use a car is not decreased , rather than reduced . for example , according to chosunilbo , one of the most believable and popular journalism in korea , the rate of population using car ha been even increased for ten year , and expertise also assert that this rate will not be decreased . how can it happen in spite of such a burden ? people are willing to have car in several reason above all such disadvantage such a high fee or tuition . first , car are so convenient that people do not want to give up the car . it is clearly more rapid and free than bus or train . especially , moving in car in such a huge country like united states is even necessary for almost all people . second , the car ha become the symbol of wealth rather than just one of the most useful artifact nowadays . more than sixty percent of people in the korea ha their own car , such that having a car becomes to be so normal . therefore the people eventually compare their car so that there born some rule rather than just tendency that the more welthy , the better car the people have becomes . such rule will continue in several year . therefore i strongly belive that there will be more car in use than there are today .