i firmly belive that , nowadays , young people do a lot to help their community . i am afraid that the amount of help that young people provide is not enough , but after all , how can you say how much help is enough ? first of all , in modern time young people have the oppoourtunity to help their community while they do military service . it is true that this help might be obligatory , but it is help , nevertheless . military service ha evolved all around the world , and in several country , quite radically . for example , in my home country ( mexico ) young people have the option to either enroll in the military or do their service for social cause . more than half the young people prefer to teach to the poor or build house for the needed than marching and shooting fire gun . this same trend is currently spreading in all latin america . second , nowadays there are a lot more oportunities to help than in earlier time . there a numerous benefitial institution recruiting young people . i had the opportunity to do voluntary work for unicef , and i wa surprised with the amount of young people working there for free . i wa even more surprised when i found out that they were overstaffed , and that this overstaff wa often sent to brand new goodwill institution . another example happened just two week ago , in germany . a bunch of shool kid engaged in several event in order to earn money . all of the money wa given to poor childer in africa . the motto of the action wa `` kids helping kids '' . this innovative project wa very popular , and it is being copied all around the country . i am sure that it will not take long for it to spread in all europe . a third and final proof is rock concerts . if you watch mtv , you would realize that there are several rock concert event that donate their profit for good cause . one of them took place just a few year ago , in london . i do n't remember the exact amount that they got toghether , but i do rememebr that it wa in the million of dollar . all of the artitst performed for free , and all of the profit were donated to the poorest country in africa . the event also made political pressure on rich country , in order to make them forgive the national debt of the poorest african nation . for these reason , i think young people do a lot to help , not only their community , but the whole world . on the other hand , i do not belive that this help is enough . i belive that there is still a lot that can be done .