broad knowledge versus specif knowledge is one of the most important issue in the academic world and during the job experience . maybe it depends on the lefe phase one is involving in , but definetly specialization is the final aim to get a principle in styding and then in working first , during education year all student , from primary school to universtity , collect a lot of improving information . improving information are information usefull to improve your capability to understand the next step of a process . in education all student follow this process of improving to finally own knowledge enough to afford all situation , in particular knowledge about subject that are , a math and history for instance , necessary to understand all pattern in all situation in job and private life . but after that it will be natural to spend the knowledge collected in some particular field . so , specialization naturally occurs . in the primary everybody study the same . in high school it is possible to follow an emphasis about science , human , art , etc . . in the first 3 year of university the student will study a specific field , for example business and admistration , and in the following 2 last year the student will be able to choose an specific subject of business and administration in which he will go through to learn , finally , a job . if it is considered acedemic career , so it will be not so important to get a spcialization till the last step , but usually the job world requires specialized skill . so education ha to be an enabler of specialization in term of skill created for the replacement post university second , job life . all company have a lot of function in the organizational structure . and inside these function there are a lot of complex activity to do . so , it usually is required worker with specific knowledge about a company process , for example . because operational complexity in term of process need specialization of skill required of the people involved in the process . so , it will be better if all the function of a company have the majority of the worker involved in specific task using and imporving specific skill and some manager who concern aboutn the conjuctions and the relation between function , but also they specialized in some relation , not all of relation finally , education ha the responsibility the enable the passage from the study world to the job world introducing specialization constantly in the studying path . this is fundamental to permit the student to jump directy in the job world where specialization in a field is required to get easier a job