many teenager seem to just hang out with themselves and not help their community . however , this is wrong . students are actually helping the community they live in with small thing such a keeping the community clean , and helping the elder and disabled people . these day , almost all the school are requiring the student to go to the government-related area and help others for certain hour per year . because they get their mark off the grade , most student go to where the elder are , or to kindergarten to help out community people by cleaning and helping chore . for example , a student will go to the daycare center and help the teacher -- or leader -- take care of the kid and entertain them . helping them serving snack and doing dish will be another way to help the society . also , once in two week , student are to go outside the school building and are required to pick up small trash and garbage that are litered inside the school . even if it is just inside the school , it will help the school to look clean and organized . just like these , student are helping the community behind the adult ' eye . when you go on the public transportation , such a subway or bus , it is easy to notice a young student giving up their seat to someone who is carrying a heavy object , or someone who is old and hard to support themselves by standing . this small thing can also be a big help to the society . others will learn this act from this student and will repeat the same act to help others . the student will also feel warm about what he/sho had done . another example is that teenager can help foreigner by just answering them how to get somewhere very kindly . it is often for student to help others is minor thing , but adult just think that the student do n't help the community at all . there are more thing that adult could help for the society , but not much for the young people . young people do n't have enough money to help others , when adult do . they do n't have ability to help other people in such a big scale . instead , they help others with minor thing and be satisfy with it . people who say that young people do not help the community should think about themselves if they help the community within their ability .