i do not agree in toto with the above statement that young people enjoy ife more than older people do . older people will complete their duty and will be in the stage of relaxation and free from the tension . they did all the struggle to settle their life and will be in the stage of receiving fruit to all the struggle they made during their age . they have every thing in their live and have passed out almost each and every struggle that come in the life . they have all the experience and are capable of facing any situation in the life from their past experience . they enjoy their time happily and more over with out any tension . they go to park , spend their time happily with the family member , and enjoy playing game like shettle , carroms etc . they really enjoy thier time spending with book especially holy book , epic , comic etc.they may go to their friend home and spend some time there . but if their duty are not well finished even at that time they need to struggle even at that age for survival . if he enjoys alot during his life without having proper insight about the future he may safe bad consequence during his older age . on the other hand even young people enjoy their life happily . enjoyment basically start froms the childhood itself . one can get the taste of enjoyment during his young age only . he is energitic , capable of what he fulfilling his aim and ambition , dynamic , active and also have sharp mind during his childhood . all these quality lack in the older people which require to enjoy the life . young people attend party , play game both indoor and outdoor , actively participate in all the feilds he is willing . it is the age where he can enjoy and help people to enjoy . but too much enjoyment during the young age may lead to many disadvantage not only in the young age but through out his life . the step which we keep during the young age are more critical and very important a they last for life long . so according to my view enjoyment is not the thing that is related to age . every one can enjoy more and more in their life if it doe not cross the barrier , so enjoyment within the limit is the key point which decides the life . then only we can really enjoy the freedom of enjoyment . too much enjoyment at any stage may cause pr