whether it is better to specialize in only a small number of academic field or whether a broad overall knowledge should be aimed at , is a difficult question for student , teacher , professor , school , university and government in everyday 's discussion . often a strategy ha to be adopted , that can only focus on one of the given direction . having experienced two different school system and also knowing about the different aproaches taken in school and university , i can speak from my own experience in the course of this essay . the german school system , for example , follows a very generalistic strategy : students have to learn everything from biology to math and from latin to music . by following this approach student are said to gain a good general knowledge and develop their intellecutal ability while training various skill and technique . students educated in this manner are often percieved a very intelligent and get credit for being able to communicate with people about various topic while using their ability to analyse thing from a well-stuctured overall perspective . on the other hand the information they have is not very detailed and otfen only scratch the surface . generalistically educated student often struggle to specialise late in their life for a barrier is set early when competing with specialist in their desired job or universites . they have to cath up with a lot of study , before this is possible and thus often find it hard to compete with the specialist in today 's globalized world . on the other hand specialist also encounter a lot of problem . they often find it difficult to gather a general overview when first meeting a topic and are frquently juged upon their poor knowledge in field they are not specialized in . if somehow they get bored or are forced to step out of their specialiyed subject , they face very hard condition not being able to simply swop job , university or simply field of study and will be urged to built up new knowledge pool from the very beginning / making all their pervious effort worthless . however student having followed a specialist education are also known for their deep expertise and thus often have an advantage on any job or university market . they are good at what they do and thus blessed with success and content about their specification . finally , taking both view into account i personally think that a general education prepares student better in an academic sense for the quest of today 's world . the task they will meet will never revolve around one sinlge subject . however - also taking today competitiveness into account - a certain specification is vital if one want to compete sucessfully in the globalized world . a well-balanced mixture of in-depth study and generalistic academic skill and topic should thus be the aim of any student , university and government .