just like football player understand the strategy of the coach , but they do n't understand how to apply these plan they will still lose the game ; just like one may know the technique of painting but he or she doe n't know how these techiques would create a real picture or he never saw a picture using these kind of technique , he still can not draw a beautiful picture . .. as far a i concerned with the topic stated above , i wo n't agree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand idea and comcepts than it is for them to learn fact . the reason go a follows : to begin with , a we all know the idea and concept are usually more abstract than the fact . it is more difficult for the student to understand at the beginning . if the student can know the fact first and then relate the fact to the theory , it is easier for them to understand deeply . it is always the case in the study field such a economics , math , physic . perhaps everyone may have the experience that the professor will explain the theory of movement in the physic lesson by telling the fact at the very beginning . secondly , when we think deeply , we will ask ourselves : what are the idea and concept serving for ? of cause it is served to apply to the daily life , or more accurate , we use it to explain the fact . so how can we know the concept without knowing the fact ? for instance , student know the idea of the transportation of the electonic but they do n't know about the fact that this theory is applied to make the telephone , what 's the purpose of knowing the theory concept . the idea and concept become more valuable only when they apply to our daily life and improve our life quality . last but not the least , the idea and concept today may not be correct just like the theory of nature seletion and evolution were not true long time ago . so the student need to know the fact and compare the fact with the idea in order to verify and make sure if it go with each other . it is also very important for a student to challenge the existing idea using the fact they know . in a word , i think it is important for student to understand idea and concept at the same time .