at the turn of the century , there wa a common view that there would be fewer car in use in a quarter of a century time , which is in twenty year from now . and i still today do not share that view . but , why should the public think the number of car should decrease over the year is the question i will answer so a to justify my disagreeing with the above statement . let me first evoke the several ground people resort to when argueing for a prospective slump in the number of car on the street . increasing concern for the environment coupled with the skyrocketing oil price seem to push for a general decrease in car onwership . from where i stand , the necessary adjusments will be made so that car ownership stay stable or in the increase , because we should not forget that the survival of a whole industrial branch - the automobile industry - is here at stake , and this sector is ready to adapt to new trend and new requirement from the general public . first , research & development is a field where massive investment currently take place . auto maker would not develop such extensive research with no prospect for future sale and no return on investment ( roi ) . for example , toyota is investing a lot so a to come up with ever more ecologically-friendly vehicle . plants and lab in india have already combined effort and launched the toyota prius , a city car that pride itself in being eco-friendly . this is direclty targeted at the market which is conscious about the enviromnent , the eco-friendly share of the population , which care for ethic and is scrupulous about social responsibility . second , the lack of time and parking space have been two major factor for the redirecting of car owner onto public transportation and bicycle , moppeds etc . but public transportation ha it disadvantage ( overcrowded ) , so do bicycle and motorcycle ( hazardous on slippery road , frequent accident , uneasy in winter condition ) . therefore , auto maker have tried to answer that growing need for small car that enable you to virtually park on any parking spot at almost any time . to support that point , the smart car by mercedes , provides it driver with the opportunity of parking horizontally to the curve , where no regular size vehicle normally could . last but not least , the increase in the cost of running a vehicle . since 9/11 , the price of the oil barrel ha increased three-fold . this mean that filling your tank ha become a burden on family budget and could turn out to make people refrain from using their car . to counter that factor , innovative solution are found : brasilians now run their can on sugar cane and sunflower oil . resorting to methanol ha been a solution studied by german automaker . it would drastically reduce the cost . hybrid car with their fuel-efficiency have started to penetrate the market and seduce the expense-sensible family . in the end , it is easy to witness how the market is currently trying to adapt itself to changing trend and growing concern that may threaten the auto market . by successfully adaptating itself today , the automobile industry is securing it future .