i will be discussing the question whether young people do enjoy life more than older people do . i do think that this question can be answered on a variety of level and i will try to state my opinion on this topic . young people have a lot of possibility in life . most of them have a lot of friend , quite some spare time and a lot of different hobby and occupation . they can always travel to new place , move around with ease and connect to other young people fairly easily . also , our society offer a lot of different way for young people to enjoy life , they can be with their friend , they can go to the disco or visit concert and a lot of medium such a computer game and current popular music are designed specifically for younger people . for old people however , there are n't a many viable opportunity . they tend to have fewer friend and a very different style of enjoying themselves . a lot of them have to work quite a lot , not leaving too much time for themselves . they are also usually bound to their hometown , it is where their house is , where their work is and where their child might go to school . all of that doe n't really enhance their flexibility too much . nonetheless , they can still enjoy themselves and they can do so on a different level . it seems just by comparing what is offered today , that it is much easier to enjoy life when you are young , but that doe n't necessarily hold true . a lot of young people feel the constant need to go to different place and to always have something going on around them . while older people can deeply enjoy a nice glass of wine and a good conversation with a friend , young people often have trouble enjoying anything very deeply . since there is always a lot going on , they also ca n't really appreciate what they have and what they can do . young people also have constant worry about their own future , about relationship and about what will happen to them in their life . all of these worry do in a way prevent them from truly and deeply enjoying something good that happens to them . older people are often a lot more content with their own life , have accepted their fate and can therefore enjoy their pleasure in life more deeply . so in conclusion , young people seem to have endless possibility and seem to enjoy life a lot more on the surface , but since they have a much harder time to really enjoy what they have , i would n't say that older people have le enjoyment in life . of course it always depends on the individual and there are many case where a such general rule simply doe n't apply , but overall i do n't think that the amount of enjoyment can be evenly compared . both side can enjoy life a lot , but they do it so differently that i feel this statement can neither be agreed to , nor proven to be wrong .