i agree with the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . advertisements are meant to convince potential buyer to purchase certain item . therefore , in order to convince the buyer , advertisement almost always make product appear better than they really are . my reading of an article on the local newspaper and my personal experience of purchasing a skin care product prove this point to be true . i once read an article on a local newspaper that informed reader about the art of advertisement . the article said that in order to convince the potential buyer to purchase certain item , the advertising market must make the product to appear a amazing a possible , even if they appear better than they actually are . so that potential buyer will be convinced of the product ' worth and effectiveness . if the advertisement make the product seem worse or the way they really are , they will have a more difficult time to convince buyer . in my opinion , the article had a point . in addition to the article , my personal experience also prof that most advertisement make product seem better . i have always wanted clear , smooth skin . i remember seeing an advertisement of a skin care product on the television . the product wa described in the advertisement to be so effective that i wa completely convinced before even trying it . however , after purchasing the skin care product and using it for two month , i still had countless pimple on my face and the quality of my skin did not improve at all . this experience showed me that advertisement make product much better than they really are . both the article on my local newspaper and my personal experience prove to me that most advertisement make product seem better than they actually are . in numerous case , the product that buyer purchase in reality do not live up to their description in their advertisement . so next time when i purchase an item , i will not judge it worth and effectiveness just by looking at it advertisement .