actually i do agree with the statment , i mean it 's pretty true if we read some article or if we wach the news on tv or just if we are a little bit involved with the community . i think that young people a me ( i 'm 23 yeras old and so i 'm putting myself in the example ) really do n't help their community but i wanna figure out what are the reason of this behaviour . i do n't want to defend or go against my category but i would like to consider the motivation : first of all i think that nowadays we actually do n't have enough time also for other thing , i 'm referring at the family 's problem or just family 's life . probably with the school or university , with the exam , with the homework and with others million of activity outside the school we want do or in which we want to join ( or our parent want we do ) our young people have to organize our day a better a possible . sometimes i have the impression that 24 hour a day are not enough to do all even if you are a really organized person ( lesson in the morning , study in the afternoon , extra class in the evening , gym after class ... new meeting with the new school or the new organization or . .. ) you can see that is gonna be so hard to find time for something else . on the other hand i think that if you want to find time for something you really care you are able to do that ! i mean if you have a new boyfriend ( in my case ) i 'm sure i will take some free time to stay with ! probably the problem is not find the time to help your communites but just think about this opportunity , it will be a great advantage for everybody also for yourself . helping people that really need your hand i think it 's one of the most important and satisfed experience in your life . in conclusion there is not a good responce to this statment , it 's just up to you . it depend on your priority in life . in my personal opinion find more time to help people make sense above all because you are helping somebody or you are doing something really precious for other people and also for the improvment of your personal life !