knowledge of any kind is always good . i believe if one ha the opportunity and intellectual capacity to acquire vast amount of knowledge from different field he or she should not let the opportunity pas . on the other hand , if an individual try to engage in the study of too many subject at once , he or she might not get to achieve the level of specialisation needed to fully grasp the overall concept of an academic subject . the usefulness of having a knowledge expanding through different academic field is that one can rely on other field to backup it argument in a more effective manner . noone can argue that politics is not linked to the study of law , economics and even sociology . and moreover , many of the great thinker and most of the great inventor in history have had a broad knowledge on different subject . people like leonardo da vinci applied their knowledge in different field to bring about new and original proposal to our world . however , it is also true that at earlier time humanity wa still discovering the most basic knowledge and technology and therefore to be a knowledgeable person on a field wa not a complicated a it is today . today , medium , think tank and many other institution are providing u with immense ammounts of information in thousand of different field and with a level of specialisation never seen before . before a bachelor of arts wa enough to enter a succesful career in academia , even business . today masters programme , further education degree , seminar , etc. mushroom around the academic world promoting the new mantra , specialisation . universities , college and the business community expects the best of the best in the field they are recruiting in . i believe there is a very romanticised view of knowledge in the academic world today that i share but that i believe to be outdated in the reality of the professional world today . as a form of a conclusion i would like to say that it is also worrying the lack of out-of-business interest people have . not many professional today have intellectual hobby they devote their time to after work . neither do they pas that intellectual curiosity to their child . a humanist culture , a love for general knowldege , from music to literature , make better citizen and more sensible people . i am not going to claim in this paper that general knowledge is better for a career oriented person but it is definitely an essential complement to a nation 's life , in social interaction a much a in a more personal level .