nowadays car a the most important medium of traveling large distance and therefore they are used often and regularly . nevertheless , the developement of technic could lead to fewer car to be used in twenty year . for that , however , political and social circumstance still would need to change . first , due to the fact that also in future people still will need to travel , it it very important that the government of today support other medium of mass transportation like train or bus . if financially supported from the politics , traveling by bus would be cheaper than traveling by car and people might change their habit of using their car every time they need to go somewhere . in case a person want to visit a friend , living in another country , and the le expensive way to go there wa by train , i am conviced that he or she would buy a train ticket instead of new petrol for his or her car , that is why politicans could change the cirucumstances of transportation and therefore the number of used car in the future . second , also the social circumstance concerning the attitude of people towards their car would need to be changed . these day a car not only represents a medium of traveling but also show the character and the social situation of it owner . the car of a very rich man , a bmw with a chauffeur for example , differs completely from the car of a poor family father , who ha to pack his four child and his wife into an old mini-van . if a car quited to be a part of a person reputation and of a way of presenting social welfare it meaning and it use would change likewise . however , altough i would appreciate these circumstance to change for the better , i do not believe that neither the politician nor the people will change their attitude towards the use of car . in addition to that , changing circumstance always demand a lon periode of time . no political nor social developement in the last ten year , however , indicates a similar change in the attitude both politically and socially . in conclusion , that is the reason why i do not believe that fewer car will be in use in twenty year .