the way , professor should teach student ha always been a heated debate . the question of the best academical system is not solved yet , and many scholar continue to propose alternative way to teach . if we take a close look at the way education is organised in france , in germany or in the united states , we immediately realise that many different approach are possible . how the professor should act in front of his student is not an easy question to answer . to claim whether a solution is better than another may seem , i acknowledge , a bit pretentious . but i am deeply convinced that it is more important for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . learning fact and figure are , in my opinion , the worst thing you can do in a university what we are asking to a student nowadays , is to understand and to analyse immediately the situation he/she face . this is what we call , the ability to react in front of an unexpected situation . this skill doe not appear alone ; it must be worked and practised . the student must be able to think on his proper way , but he ha also have to master some important theory which are the basis of our common and recognised society . for example , you can not speak about the evolution of the specie without referring to darwin . but , once this general basis of common knowledge is acquired , then the student is perfectly able to evolve by himself . our society should not be made of people only good at repeating what they have heard , but of people who are creative , imaginative , original . the possibility offered by an university to learn and discover a whole range of new knowledge , is certainly one of the most important thing ever . it would be a shame to spoil this unique opportunity by being occupied with the learning of figure that would be forgotten almost immediately . anyway , recently , the priority ha been given to the free will of the student . the curiosity and the knowledge of every student must be aimed at the improval of our society . understanding idea and concept may be compared to the key which lead to the achievment of such a goal .