while during primary and secondary school time it is essential to gain a broad knowledge about many different scientific subject , i think after aquiring this basic knowledge on various subject it is equally vital to concentrate further on one specific subject for your further career . i therefore generally disagree with the statement and will explain my opinion in the following . we live in a world that reflects high level of specialization in every work branch you look upon . even a computer expert today for example can be classified in various way , according to the branch he work in . he could be a software designer or a hardware engineer for example . so even within an already very specialized branch , there are still more subdivision . to keep up with those general movement of specialization in the working world , you just have to adapt and specialize on one subject or you will get left behind . another example related to this i can draw from my own experience - out of my own development within my academical career . i started studying forest science , then after four semester i concentrated on zoology , and after another two semester i focused further on entomology . i think this wa a natural development and most student make this kind of progress . on the contrary , if you do not specialize in any kind of area within your study , it might appear a if you are not interested enough in any subject . it then seems a if you are not going through any positive personal development . in my opinion therefore , someone who fails to specialize himself during his study ha missed an important chance already to shape his future and career . concluding , out of the reason expressed above , i disagree with the statement . altough i have to admit that in early education a bias should lie on building up a broad knowledge on various subject , in the major part of the rest of one 's life it is more important to specialize on one specific area of interest and to increase knowledge on that subject . this importance of specialization is heavily determined through the fast and innovative time we live in , which explores it subject in ever greater detail and is in need of expert for that .