the question if there will be fewer car in use in twenty year , than there are in use today , is a controversal topic . people may argue that car get abundand in the futur due to further development of alternative transportation method or by concern about the environment . i however , do not agree with this staatment . i even think car get more and more important and that car use will increas in the next twenty year . the use of car is an still will be important especially for working people . statistiks show that people have to travell longer and longer distance to their workplace , and in the future this distance will still increase . a lot of people move out to the suburb and consequently have a longer way to work each day . i think this development will continue in the futur and will increase the car in use . furthermore flexibility is a charakteristik that is getting very important these day . companys want there employee to be flexible and let them travel for work a lot . this flexibility can be given by the car and will increase it use . another important reason why there will be more car in use in twenty day than today is that the population on earth is increasing rapidly . if population is increasing the use of car will increase a well because more people lead to more car . but not only workingconditions and the increasing population are reason agains the reduction of car in the futur . as well the vacationhabbit of people will lead to the opposit . as the world get closer togehter by globalisation , open boarder and a common currency for example , travelling get a lot easier than it wa in the past . people use this advantage and travell a lot and i think travelling by car will get more and more popular . last but not least i argue that because of new technology and production method , car get cheaper in the futur and therefore get accesable to more people which will defenetly not decrease the car in use . for these reason i stated above i think the statement that car in use will be fewer in the futur is incorrect .