although some advertisement state the truth , i believe that most advertisement make product seem much better than they actually are . nowadays , modern society face an overflow of product in the store . people are overwhelmed and often have a hard time to decide what type of product or brand they should choose . all they can rely on is their own experience in the past and the recognition of familiar and advertised brand . if a manufacturer want to be successful in selling his product , he is forced to invest time and money in advertisement . having the best product is just not enough to guarantee a manufacturer 's success . a manufacturer ha to identify the need of his targeted customer and address these need in his marketing propaganda . a customer normally buy a product in order to satisfy his or her need . examples of need are youth , beauty , mobility or entertainment . in the end , it all come down to how to proper build up a brand that is related to certain value . imagine that you are standing in front of a shelf in a cosmetic store that contains 25 different brand of shampoo . which one do you decide to take ? would it not be the brand you just recently saw on tv , the one that promise healty , shiny , good smelling hair ? in my opinion , branding is the key to success . and the better you understand to link certain criterias that represent need of customer with a brand , the more successful you are . it really doe not matter if your product is better than the product of anyone else . as long a you offer reasonable quality and deliver the `` right message '' your product is requested . for instance , dewalt offer a low quality product with a rather weak service . however , their marketing is so outstanding that they have the biggest share in rotating laser . the reason is that they know perfectly how to advertise their product . even there are company in the rotating laser market with far better product and service , people tend to buy their product from dewalt . they have used the product in the past and believe what they were told in the advertisement . however , one point ha to be mention . as long a the need of a customer are met the customer will return to a company and by it brand . if he experience once that the product doe not perform in a satisfying way , he might switch to another brand . as a result , manufacturer have to take advantage of advertisement and present their product a perfect a possible . though , they also have to be cautious that they do not exaggerate .