i can assent this statement due to several reason . the purpose of advertisement ha ever since been the attraction of e.g. a potential buyer of a product . in the first resort , the advertisement ha to gain the attention and subsequently the interest of this person for a certain product . consequently , it ha to be special in any way , e.g. concerning the picture or the text used in it , and to receive a positive evaluation from a mass of person since this is one of the reason most product are made of - to sell a much a possible . especially in the two last decade an advertisement industry ha been developped and constantly grown up to it 's huge influence nowadays . apparently no product are introduced and positioned on the market without an advertisement strategy - this claim is easily verified by just watching tv a few minute or by a gaze into the newpaper where advertisement is omnipresent . on account of this omnipresence and requirement of advertisement , the product industry spends a vast amount of money for the advertising of it 's product . the advertisement industry , whose basis of existence is the extraordinary advertisement for a certain product a already described in the first paragraph , thus try to depict the product they advertise a good a possible , which is definitely reasonably . but the problem lie in the system within : the quality of a product will inevitably be exhibited a almost unequalled and it 's deficincies a solely a kind of drop in the ocean and not worth mentioning in the advertisement . thus , potential buyer are easily lured to a certain product and not cognizant of it 's flaw since these are nowhere shown . for instance , if a model like naomi campell make an advertisement for a mascara , million of female would probably think : `` oh , if someone like naomi campell , this beautiful model , us this mascara , i definitely can rely on her judgement and buy it because it must be wonderful . '' what most people would not take into consideration is the fact that naomi campell doe not advertise for this product on account of her convinction of it 's qualitiy but rather due to the money she is paid by the industry to advertise it .