when i read this statement , i automatically think that it is right , young people enjoy life more than older people do . but if i think on it , it appears to be , in fact , the contrary . .. it is true that young people have the discover everything . when one is born , one ha to learn and to built all of who one want to be . therefore , a young person ha to try and to search all that he can , to know who he is . in that sen , he enjoys life more than older people , who already know who they are . it is also true that young people have more opportunity to enjoy life tham older people . the education system permit them to meet many different person , until the entrance in the professional life : the student ha to change of educating place all his student life , with the school , the highshool , the college , etc . .. at the contrairy , older people already have a durable placement in their company , and therefore have le occasion to meet other person . finally , we know that young people make sport and have activity that older people can not exerce . that is the first impression that i have when i read the statement . but i am young and that is why my spirit only saw avantages for young people . if i am objective , it is obvious that older people also enjoy life . they have their life already lined , that is true , but all the exemples of adult around me show me that it is not a reason for u tu stop their hobby and to stay at home without doing anything to enjoy their life . my father , for instance , decided to quit my mother because he found his life too calm . .. he ha many friend , and now he profit of everythings more than , even if i am younger . .. with the world of today , and the globalization , we can have only one job for our entire life , that i why older people have the opportunity to change oh life , to discover other thing and other field . when we travel , we can see that the majority of tourist are not very young , and i thing that travelling is the best way to enjoy life . all these reason show that older people can enjoy life a well a young people do , and even more . it is only a different way to enjoy thing . that is why i disagree , after reflection , with the statement .