nowadays many people travel in group , led by a tour guide . i think this is not the best way to travel , and i try to avoid these organised holiday . since i 've been young , i have travelled very much with my family , and we have never been in a group . this ha made tie between u stronger , and it give u the oportunity to spend time together , which is usually hard during school time . if we had traveled with a group , we might not have had so much good time together . one that bother me about traveling in a group is that you are always with stranger that , even if they can be very nice people , are not close to you . moreover there can be people in the group who try to impose themselves a the `` leader '' , organizing everything . you then loose part of your autonomy and end up angry at them , and at yourself , for having accepted to travel with other people . moreover , my family holiday have always been organized by my mother , so we could choose what we wanted to see and how much time we thought we should spend in each place . the memory we have of our trip are therefore very personal and , in my opinion , more satisfying than those of people who have to follow a tour guide because ours are unique . moreover , each time i see a travel group i get the impression that their trip is a mear product , that is sold to them and that ha no personal content . if they compare their holiday to those of other people in travel group they will realise that they visited the same monument and heard the same explanation from the tour guide . we can also add that these organized trip leave no space for adventure . for instance , one of my friend traveled to cambodia with her family and had a serie of accident due to bad weather . even if at first they were nervous because their trip had to be changed , they ended up having a lot of fun , doing thing such a riding motor cycle on secondary road , that they had not planned the least bit ! if this happens to a group , the agency in charge can not let them take these `` risk '' .