i agree to the statement that most advertisement make product seem much better than they really are . to my mind , this is a typical but natural problem of advertisment . showing an obvious benefit of buying the product , or even present a brand to a new market , advertisment is designed to let the selling rate increase . and that is why advertisment only announces the advantage of a product , but not the disadvantage or problem that may occur if using it . moreover , the designer of the advertisment is not necessarily interested in the benign of the user who buy the product , despite , he or she just want to sell it . to show this problem , i will make two example of advertisement : everybody know that chocolate taste sweet and delicious on the one hand , but if you eat to much of it , you will get fat . nevertheless , the advertisement only deal with the delicious taste or may show a famous person - who is of course not fat at all - eating the chocolate product which shall be bought . another , very obvious example for an advertisement exaggerating the use of the product is the advertisement for washing powder : if you use one special brand of washing powder , your clothes will get cleaned much better than bz using another product . and the white t-shirts in the advertisement are a white one can hardly imagine . but despite of the negative effect of advertisement , there are positive one 's , too . without advertisement you get no idea of the variety of product you are able to buy . and a you know the problem of advertisement , you can judge it better . i think every adult , and also most of the teenager know that not everything advertisement provides is true . nevertheless the product may have an advantage . and often you realize new product which you maybe searching for only by the advertisement . in conclusion , although most advertisement present product better than they really are , it is not so bad many people belief . and moreover : you do not have to buy these product .