the entire education system is so planned that an individual first gain knowledge about many academic subject and then , after deciding his field of interest , he move towards specialization in a specific subject of his interest . my opinion is that it is better to specialize in one subject . therefore , i disagree with the staement that it is better to have a braod knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject . i would define specilization a becoming an expert in whatever field we choose . the main reason to hold this opinion is that ordinary people rely more on specialist for information about a subject . when people are more comfortable in one or two subject , then they can continue with that subject and become specialist . also , specialist from different field can come together and solve a problem better rather than people who lack in-depth knowledge about different field . it is better to study the subject in which we are interested rather that try to get knowledge of many subject which donot interest u . a jack of all trade will become good for nothing . a person will be comfortable to study the field in which he is interested . in this way specialization will make every one do their best and contribute to the society in a better way . there are various field of specialization in medicine . people do go to a general physician when they have small and general problem like fever , head ache and body pain . the physician doe an overall check-up and if he find some serious problem then he recommends a patient to a specialist who deal with that problem . if specialist were not there , then it would become difficult for a general physician to deal with the numerous problem that human body can face . this applies to all other field such a engineering and research . there are some situation when a broad idea of different subject are needed . in such case , expert from different field acn come together and solve the problem . this applies mainly to research where many factor are to be considered for one specific task .