enjoying life varies from one person to an other . it differs also from one stage of life to an other . such an issue remains controversial , because it implies a variety of factor and element that should be taken into consideration . nevertheless , i do agree with this statement due to a number of reawsons . first of all , the stage of life ( the age of a person ) play a pivotal role in determining one 's interest and tendency . it provides a person with vision that enlightens and lead one to make the suitable choice one ha to pick befre pursuing a certain activity that will generate pleasure and entertainment throughout the whole life span . young people have got a lot of choice in life , because they are supported by their ability to do and pursuit a variety of pleasure-generating activites . on the other hand people who are advanced in age have got a very short list of option because they are governed by their advanced age and can never pursuit some activites that require certain trait such a energy , mobility and agility . so old people are hampered by the age factor . in fact it is the main obstacle behind their limited pleasure in life . young people are usually able to get engaged in so many activity of activitee and hobby that are pecular to young people such a athletic activites and participation in different competition that entail young body and mind . old people can practice such thing in a rather differnt mannerdue to their limited phisical and mental capabilites . so , young people will find the chance to entertain themselves fully , and this will eventually lead to full pleasure and enjoyment in life . however , the issue of enjoyment remains controvertial , because no one can define what 's real enjoyment ! the real meaning of enjoyment in life varies from one person to an other and also from one generation to an other . even differnt communites an d culture will vary in this context . nevertheless , and in my own point of view , i believe that young people do enjoy life more than old one .