whether having broad knowledge of many academic subject or being specialized in one specific subject also benefit the society . the society requires both type of scholar to develop smoothly . i think that being broadly trained and specialized also depends on the personnal ability . what level you are educating is additionally a concerning issue for such consideration . our society need specialist such a engineer and doctor a well a broad trained people , politicans for instance . all of them have their special role in the society and the society would become choatic without either of them . of course engineer and doctor could only be specialized in one subject a they are the expert in their field and they should then spend all of their time on their specialized subject . however , for politicans , many of them are rather broadly trained in several subject including economics , history and language so that they would be able to know what the resident want and how to promote the policy . a second crition on being specialized or not is depending on the personnal ability . some people are gifted in certain ability they should then being specialized while some people learn several different thing very quickly , they might then be broadly trained in various academic subject . education and learning would be a funny process if you realize what your strength are . moreover , the last but the most important reason for choosing between having broad knowledge or being specialized in one subject is what are your educating level . if you are the primary and secondary school student , you should probably have broad knowledge instead . a good basic knowledge in every academic subject is essential for the choosing what subject you would be learned deeply in the future . you could not choose your right subject if you do not have any knowledge in it . also much knowledge is based on the same basis and theory such a physic is sticked to mathematics , you could not then learn physic without knowing any mathematic equation . if you are a college or postgraduate student , you might be specialized then . as time is limited but knowledge is unlimited , you could not thus learn everything else in depth in such a limiting time . therefore there is not absolutely good to choose having broad knowledge of different academic subject or specializing in one certain subject , it all depends on the above critia . our society need different type of people and everyone should have a right to find out any subject they want to learn .