i must totally disagree with the given statement . in my opinion , in twenty year we will still be using car a our main way of transport . i will try to summarize the different argument that i think are essential for supporting my posture . first of all , evidence show that country and culture of the second and third world are beginning to be a relevant party in the car market , a we may see in country like china or india , which are even developping their own industry , producing cheap car for the population of their country . this will evidently result in a relevant rise in the number of car , a most of these country have large population . secondly , even if some may say that public transport in western country ha been trying for year to be a subsitute for car , the truth show that family spend more money than ever in the purchase of car , and many of them own more than one , or even two car . in addition , and a a consequence of the recent rise in oil price , many car-industries are launching model called `` hybrid '' , whose main characteristic is that they do not depend totally on petrol , but combine fuel with other alternative source of energy , like water , electric battery or even litter . as this model begin to spread all around the world , the problem of the oil price will be partially solved , and the pollution that is today affecting our environment will diminish . last but not least , fliying ha turned over the past year into a more than unconfortable way of travelling . due to current world instability and to international terrorism , many people prefer not to take a plane if possible , not only because the fear of an attack , but because the security control and the more and more frequent baggage loss . this mean that many people would travel by car when possible , even if this result in longer hour . as we can see , there are strong argument that support this opinion , and even if some may hope that car , and therefore traffic and stress , may someday disappear , it doe not seem to bother most of u .