it is a common notion that older people are in greater concern about their own health than younger people , talk about the `` good old time '' and often seem to be skeptical towards change in lifestyle . however , this notion is only a matter of perspective and can not be generalized that young people enjoy life more than older people do . in fact , enjoyment of life is such an individual concept that is impossible to compare the level of enjoyment among different age group . who could give an general definition of `` enjoyment '' , let alone some way of measuring the level of it ? this , however , would be required before someone can state a different level of enjoying certain thing . the answer whether there is a difference in the elvel of enjoying life between certain group of people can only be a balanced one . the perceived difference in the level of enjoyment lie in the different way that various people enjoy life . a close look at a typical family reunion , e.g. , thanksgiving , where different age group of one family get together , reveals that the difference in perceiving joy in life may very well be associated with the age of a certain person . while the grandparent may enjoy watching their grandchild play , younger member of the family might need talking amongst themselves or some other activity to be able to enjoy their time . this , of course , can not be generally said about all family , but certainly a similar case can be constructed from the social network of almost every individual . least to say , if young people enjoyed life more than older people , should n't there be some statistical evidence from the social science to support that claim ? such a fact would certainly show in many observation , such a happiness survey , comparison of the quality of living across region , or possibly suicide rate . yet there is no numerical evidence to support that assertion . in conclusion , while someone might perceive a difference that another person doe n't enjoy life a much a the observer doe , the only difference lie in the way the enjoyment is felt .