many people live for their enjoyment of life . however , people do not do same thing . some people are going to travel and other people are doing their own hobby in their home . like that , young people want to more exciting one like extreme sport , and older people want to do something comfortable like reading book . therefore , someone say `` young people enjoy like more htan older people do . '' however , i disagree about it . i think both young and older people enjoy their life much even though they do differently . as i said above , young people usually want to do something exciting and even dangerous if it give enjoyment to them , so there are more young people in such a skiing jump contest . moreover , young people do more academic thing like math contest like me . although now i am not interesting that much , i wa so exciting when i wa solving very difficult math problem at around 9th grade . actually there are few older people in the contest , but there are a number of young people . like that , many young people enjoy physical thing and also sitting and reading book or solving math problem . it is why some people say young people enjoy life more than older peole do becuase young people do more thing than older people do . however , older people enjoy their life a much a young people do although older people usually want to do something comfortable and safe . when we visit our grantparent , we usually find they are reading many book or making clothes for their granddaughter . by doing these thing , they enjoy their life . my grandfather also played many korean chess game with me . at that time , i wa not interesting that , but he wa . so i asked it . he said he wa so happy when he did something with me and my sister . i do not still understand him , but i knew he enjoyed it . as i am growing , my enjoyment are changing little by little . however , i did not think i enjoy my life le than when i wa young . just the way to enjoy is changed . young people have their own interesting and enjoyment , and older people have also own thing . i do not think which one is better or which one is more enjoyable . it depends on them not their age .