i believe that young people do not give enough time to helping their community . obviously some young people do , but not enough of them . first , i believe it is very important for young people to learn compassion . and what better way to understand what compassion is than by practising it by helping your community . adolescence is a shaping time for a person . it is probably the best moment to learn to help others . by doing so , young people learn to become mature and good adult . many war have probably been declared because adult leading a country had not been sufficiently exposed to helping others when they were younger . therefore , training great adult is only possible by training young people to help their community . second , if young people were spending more time helping their community , they would be better integrated in it and they would show greater respect for their elder and neighbour . we can observe many example of what happens when young people lack respect for their community in most developped country nowadays . in france , early 2006 , sworms of young people from the ghetto around paris and other large city burnt car and broke into shop . this young people do not spend time helping their community . instead , they commit petty crime and spend their day doing in their ghetto . it is difficult to imagine that nobody need help in those area . another example are the gang in many city in the us . there , young people spend their time killing other gang rather than helping their community . third , in my experience , very few young people actually help their community nowadays . if i count how many people have been helping their community among the young people i met so far , they are very few . i guess that the lack of incentive and the continuous pressure of our society tends to push young people toward enjoying themselves , avoiding work and taking an easy time . to conclude , i would say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community . however , it would be beneficial for them and their community a young people but a future adult a well .