success is about struggling about problem . if it wa so easy , then it would n't be success . that 's why , it is very important people to try new thing and take risk rather than only doing usual thing to succeed . everybody learns new thing since he or she wa borned . here , the point is to use these information accurately . people easily get used to the information they know . they get some habit easily a well . so they start to live with a rutin life . because it is not hard , it is so well-known . when they have to face a diffuculty , they surprice , they do not know what to do . they do not want to change their life . however , a person who always take risk and try new thing , only try to understand the situation . he or she first make sure that know the problem . than that person think about solution . if it is needed , then take risk or struggle . i believe that life is full of difficulty . nobody serf success to people in a tray . therefore , people are always ready to face difficulty . they should not prevent them to achieve their goal . i strongly believe that to be successful is only about working hard , not about chance or not about capacity . for example , one of my nephew is very smart . at school , he only listens the teacher . he doe n't take note or even doe n't ask any question . after that , if he study at home only once in a week , he pass all his test . but if he doe n't study until his test , he never pass even though he is very smart . he ha to try too . another example is my best friend . she inspires me a lot . she recommends me something all the time . i listen her very carefully . because she ha lot of experience . her family is not a wealthy family . so , since the beginning of her life she had finacial problem . she got worried a lot . but , it never stopped her for anything . she could n't take any private lesson to prepare to college . but after the college exam , we won the same colege . now , she work hard to make her other dream true . in conclusion , i met many successful people . the one common thing i saw on them wa to believe to try new thing . it brings success . if people do not take risk , it will be hard them to achieve their goal . trying new thing always teach new thing that might help people in somewhere in their life .