usually , the traditional image is made of young , dynamic and fresh people having experience and fun . old people are represented a calm , settled down , retired and mature . this stereotype is used by ad , showing young in activity in a glamourous world whereas aging people are sleeping in a quite house doing their crossword . as if the age wa a clue of your perception of life , of the kind of activity people like and do . it raise the impression that young people enjoy more life than older people do . in the first part , we are going to highlight the point that can make u think that this statement is true . then , in the second part , i am going to present why i disagree with this misconception . it is widely shared that old people are at the end of their life so they had a lot of experience and they know nearly everything . it is the typical image of the wise chief in african tribute . as a consequence , his culture is huge and he is not impressed , surprized by the thing that are happening in his daily-life . his life is a routine with nothing exciting . on the opposite , child see everything with new eye , every experience is a new feeling . for instance , baby are surprised by plane , they compared it to bird and do not understand how doe it fly . they take advantage of every single moment because everything represents something they are not familiar with . then when they grow up , they are in better physical condition than older people . it allows them to do extrem sport like surfing . as a student there is the traditional image of freedom that implies no responsibility and a lot of time to enjoy life . to me , this image is misleading . because aging people are coming closer to their death , they make up for lost time . they usually have the money , that the young do not have , to do what they like . for instance , my grandmother worked all here life without enjoying it . she saved her money and now that she is retired , she ha plenty of time to travel when she want and where she want . she is very active and ha a group of close friend with which she go to the restaurant , to the theater and do lota of activity because she have the time and the money necessary .