i agree with the statement that `` it is more important for student to understand idea and concept that it is for them to learn fact '' for several reason . the reason include the skill to do it practically , innovative idea they get , able to answer the twisted question properly on the test , participate in group discussion and if possible clear the doubt of the peer studying some thing and learning should not be just for the sake of taking test and getting grade , it should be for knowing the essence of subject . students should be able to practically implement what they read rather than just cramming and giving the exam . only understanding the idea and concept help student to do the practicals not just learning . if student doe not know how to practically use a computer what is the use of studying computer ? by understanding the concept clearly student can think some innovative idea to do the project . if the entire essence is know he/she can get innovative idea and implement them and student can find lot of carrer path in the area . there is lot of difference between a student who writes just a program and who writes effective program taking in to consideration execution time , memory space etc . , the student ca n't expect all the question from the textbook for their examination . if a student just learns the fact he/she ca n't answer any question given . they can just answer question from the textbook . but the student who understands the fact can answer any type of question . modern day education system give lot of importance to class discussion and group study . few of the school even give some percentage of mark for them . for the effective participation in class discussion student not only need good preparation but also good understanding of the thing . then only he can play a better role in the discussion . it is better to study in group rather than studying individually . in group study student will have more scope to understand thing and discus with their peer . students will get the confidence on some subject when they can clear the doubt of their co-students which is possible only if they have better understanding and knowledge of the subject . so definetely the way student understand thing ha a great impact on student 's knowledge , practical knowledge and there by carrer in their future .