i agree this statement ; sucessful people try new thing and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . thhe successful people did this statment . i think they wanted to live more comfortable than before , so they are always difiant to every situation . most of peple do not try new thing and take risk becuase they live contently thier own modern life . i suggest two successful people who try new thing and take risk that they wanted to develop human 's life . first , right brother who developed the plane a modern one . they already knew how to do well . but they took risk when they got experiment to fly the plane . they got obstacle to make or develop the plane because sometimes , the plane had fallen down on the ground . they gave their life for developing more effiently the plane than previous plane . finally , they rewrot the history of plane . they were basical the inventor of modern plane . secondly , billgate who developed the computer program and something like that . billgate wa genious guy when he attended the university , which is havard now . he wanted to make or develop the computer program because in that time , the computer program wa so slowly and often did not opterate while the people use the computer . he got risk when he attended the university because sometimes , he got suspended from the university that he did not study at all . however , he developed computer program that one of important program is windows now . he knew he did not make and computer program because people did not concern about the computer . however , billgate developed people 's life more comfortable than previos circumstance . most of people do not try new thing and take risk becuase they do not want to be in dangerous situantion or circumstanse . but if you want to be successful person , you try to make new thing and take risk . probably , you got failed much of time . however , do not be afraid that situation which can make that you will be successful person . the one proverb said the failing is mother of success .