though i agre with the notion that special on a specif subject have more potenti for contribut to knowledg as a whole , but i also think that confin to a specif line of disciplin may lead to miss of understand of how everyth fit togeth . there are other point which lead to my standpoint . we live in an inform age in which we have access to a sea of data . furthermor , each subject area in itself ha lot of academ literatur about the knowleg accumul throughout the age in it . onli ff a person confin to a specialz field and narrow down the point of focu , innov research is possibl . it may appear that in an attempt to gain wider knowledg , the student can just studi what is avail without get ani chanc to contribut to it . though thi is true , we should not miss the point that by understand the context and know how thing work togeth can onli take one to a posit that can lead him to actual contribut to the field . histor , mani of our research have contribut to a larg varieti of scientif disciplin and prove the fact that know all peic togeth give a uniqu perspect and henc innov . like thoma edison , leonardo da vinci , nichola tesla are all prolif research contribut to all scientif disciplin . i also believ that some scientif disciplin like medicin , onli be specialist can provid proper skill to perform well . we trust onli specialist when it come to medic treatment . whi we go to eye specialist when we have an eye problem rather than a gener physician . the reason be that our bodi part are so complex that it requir a focuss pursuit of special knowledg to understand it . but thi doe not strongli support specialist becaus it is the gener physician who also hold vital posit in give initi treatment and direct or recommend physician onli in case it cross it 's limit . here we see again that gener physician 's vari knowledg allow him to better understand and diagonis the problem initi . so in the societi we live in today both speacialist ; who pusu specialis in subject , and generalist ; who have broader knowledg of subject , are import . give import to ani one will be unjustifi ; if not problemat .