one of the most contraversi and hot topic that ha been discuss for a long time is that whether an advertis can chang the imag of the product in a better way than the product actual is . in spite of the fact that some peopl think the product is what it is and noth can chang the qualiti of it , advertis is a veri effect way to better the product in advanc . the way the product is advertis ha a vital import . it can show the product much better by use coupl of element . undoubltli , advertis help to show a product much better that it actual is onli if the advertis is good . howev , what can be suppos as a good ? what is the qualiti of good ? to be abl to answer those question we need to be realli veri care about the strategi we use in the advertis . the new technologhi enabl us to do million of thing with the camera . the color on the product might be shown much more brighter as it is or the littl defici might be hidden when it is advertis . besid that the languag that is use in the advertis is veri import too . the word and the tonat must be appropri to the product that is get advertis . for exampl , in a drink advertis , a man is get realli thirsti after sport and he is drink hi drink . the sound that he is make when he take a sip from the bottl and after he is done the way he talk or stand - feel of relief - make a big differ . howev , a person who drink it may still feel like he is pretti thirsti . with advertis , product can be exxagar greatli . thi is actual what a lot of advertis do . they show the product in a superior way like `` if you wear thi shoe , you will fli . '' thi techniqu actual work pretti good . eventhough it can help to make the product seem better , onc peopl buy it , they sue the compani right away . as a result , sinc in today modern world , there are great way in the advertis area , the product can be shown much more differ that it is . technolog and the way of languag help to exxagar the product and it affect peopl 's physcholog . eventhough they feel bad and disappoint after they purchas the product , it definiti help to show the product better .