it apear to be more obviou that young peopl , especiali childern , enjoy thier life more that older peopl . that fact depend on mani reason . here are some of them wich i would like to disscu , children have no responsibilti , older preopl are wiser , and finali children have all the time they need and more . the fact that children have no respons make them carefre , no careless , but carefre where they can do watev they want and all they have to do is learn form thier mistak . learn is the easi part as there are no consiquens . as for the older peopl they have dun all the learn that is requir and now all thier actiong have consequens , and no matter how tough the consequens are , the adult have to face them and pay for thier mistak , which they have learn of befor . it is also harder for older peopl to enjoy their time becaus they are the one teach and take care of the children that have yet to learn and understand , so while the children have no respos but to learn , the adult are respons for their aciton as well as they are respons for the children . it is proven that most of the enjoy thing to do are consid rong and imatur . older peopl or adult are expect to be more matur that children and therefor they are not alow or more precisli not expect to do these imatur thing , which everyon find more fun . the children on the other hand are their to prove that the grown up are more matur , the children do noth but imatur thing wich they enjoy , but eventuali they are bownd to learn form the adult , who are more matur , that these enjoyalb imatur aciton are not permit and rong . while older peopl start to realis that they have less time , to make someth of their live , than they had , they start to focus more on their career and they devot all thier time to thier work and job . not notic that they could be spend that time enjoy their presus time . children in that case have noth to worri about , for they have all their live ahead of them and they have a lot of time left . they do not think that they are run out of time so they just simpli enjoy life , and not wasit ani of it . it is clear that children enjoy life more than older peopl , even though adult could enjoy thier live almost just as much as children if they want to . adult are alway spend time teach children about life , when it 's the children that could teach grown-up a lot about how to live life and enjoy it completli .