i think that the question to either have a broad knowledg of a varieti of subject or to have a good and specialis understand in one subject is a difficult one . i agre with both of the point to some extent . first of all , it is import for a younger student to have a broad knowledg of mani subject . school , in particular primari and secondari school should tri and give their student a broader overview of mani subject . thi is also import in the younger year of a student life , becaus most of the student have not decid what they will do in their futur life . they are not realli sure what they are realli interest in and in what area they want to special . when it come to secondari school , student should be given their first choic , base on the knowledg they haev alreadi obtain . they should be abl to limit their subject choic and cut down on the number of area where they have to studi in . of cours , thi would also result in deepen the knowledg in the subject chosen . when it come to the last two to three year of school for student , they should be given lesson in onli the six to seven area they are realli interest in . wherea , i think that certain subject do not even have to be taken . current , mathemat , german , a second languag , histori or polit and biolog , chemistri or physic have to be studi . i think thi is not need , as differ student of cours have differ strength , not onli in life , but also in their academ . i have attend a german `` gymnasium '' until year 10 , where we were not abl to make ani choic whatsoev . studi 16 to 18 subject wa not an except . i have also attend an australian school , onli studi 5 subject . the coic wa wide open and no mathemat or languag or ani subjetc were requir to be abl to do your exam at the end and gain univers entranc . howev , for certain univers cours , student also had to take certain school cours . one such exampl would be medecin , where student had to have biolog and chemistri , as well as take the umat test , to see if they are suitabl for such a cours and also later on such a job . i think thi is a success approach for student , which not onli give them the motiv they need in school , but also the requir to success result at the end of their school time . on the side , we also have univers student who have to be taken under consider . of cours they are a differ matter altogeth . i hold the opinion that the less subject they take and the deeper they go into detail in their studi , the better it is . at the begin of a three to four year studi period for their first degre in that area , univers student should get a bit of a broader overview of the area for one to two semest . in that period of time , they get the time need to see what specif they want to do and with what exactli they want to continu . the rest of the remain studi period , univers student should be prepar for exactli the field they are interest in and want to get a work place later on . thi is neccessari to make sure that everi one of the student is realli good at what they are do and can prepar well for their choic of job . thi would give the univers student not onli more choic from which they can choos their cours , but it would also prepar them better for what they will do later in their life . it would also be a posit criteria for employ when they take peopl , becaus then they can be sure that they know what the person is do and that the person know as much as possibl about what he or she is do and also the background inform that is need . time and money is save as well , as peopl come into the workforc and do not have to get an introduct how everyth work over a long period of time . therefor , i would say that there is not a total clear answer to the question , but the tendenc in the later year of educ for me is toward a special in one , mayb two subject .