young peopl are usual full of life , and need that extra bit of excit in life to make the life more meaning and reward . but , see today 's chang corpor habit , one can certainli notic that have fun and enjoy life is now more of a global attitud , whether that be somebodi old or young . but , the peopl drive thi chang mindset , are certainli the younger mind in the busi . if one consid exampl of one of the major softwar compani in india and the world , infosi , one can get a clear idea of how the corpor mindset and behavi is chang with time . peopl , young or old , work day and night for the compani are continu look to get a chang in their life , may be by take a break dure the day to play table-tenni with one of the colleagu , or may be by organ weekend parti at the nearbi resort . thi drastic chang , in fact is happen across all busi and societi . but the chang mindset is certainli come becaus of the incom of the new gener of peopl in these field . the young crowd is certainli the one which like to enjoy life the most , and in fact do so . one look at ani of the citi 's most happen club and parti , and we can notic the number of young peopl frolick those place . thi ha brought a sea of chang among the mindest of the whole societi , and is now even enter the copor boardroom . but , the fact also remain that life is not just about parti and get togeth . some peopl also get the enjoy of their live by be engag in their work . these peopl who have the passion for their work , and the drive to excel in the field , see their enjoy in the work itself . thi can be prove from the exampl of sir richard branson , who ha continu tri to develop hi passion into hi work and is henc reap the reward of the hard work done all thi time . such peopl redefin the age relat dilemma about enjoy life , as it bring into the pictur more older than younger peopl who seem to be enjoy their life . in conclus , i believ that enjoy of life is not a factor of someon 's age but instead a factor of the activ which defin ` enjoy ' to a particular person . but , sinc the chang is brought forward in today 's societi by the young gener onli , there is a major of younger peopl who enjoy their life more than their older counterpart .