the car ha rapidli becom the main way of transport for activ citizen in the 20th centuri . still , some say that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use then there are today . of cours there are mani argument that support thi statement but there are also argument that refut it . in effect , the car industri is in no way slow down it 's product . on the contrari , news car appear on the market all the time . most car compani are awar of the new restrict for car owner and these new model work around them . for exampl , when face with the mount park problem , a compani issu the smart , whose size permit the owner to park easili . other model use less ga thu work around the pollut problem . howev the argument in favour of thi statement hold more weight . one of the mani reason the number of car will go down is that right now , even with small car , it is too hard to park your car in citi . park is becom an issu with commut as it is also a wast of time that mani could do without . also becaus of environ issu such as pollut , mani govern encourag public transport such as the train or buse . in pari , the mayor ha render certain part of the citi difficult to access by car . the bu servic is becom more adapt to the need of the citizen ' need such as comfort and avail . to make trip faster , the street is divid into corridor , one for buse and one for car . of cour there are still mani car so now car owner are face with monstrou traffic jam while bu user just whiz by . the metro system cover most part of the citi so mani resort to the subway as mean of transport . if i wish to cross pari rapidli , i know that it is faster to take the subway than to take a car . even though a car provid comfort that public transport lack and is also easier to use for your schedul the con are larg outnumb the pro and with the awar of all the troubl the environ is have , mani are rethink their frequent car use . i believ that in twenti year there will inde be less car is use , as they will be reserv for long trip or transport in rural area .