if you can explain from each topic a few thing it is good ; you have knowledg . howev with your unfinish explan you could confus peopl even more . also in today world there is a request in peopl who have special on one topic . in today societi it is better to have special your knowledg on on specif subject . have a littl bit of knowledg in mani topi is not so effeci in today societi as if peopl are specialist on specif topic . for exampl most peopl know someth about comput . when the comput is broken they may tri to fix it with their limit knowledg . thi howev may produc even more harm . it would be better to bring it to a specialist on comput who know what he or she is do and fix it properli . anoth reason for bee a specialist is when you tri to find a job . most buis look for peopl with special abil which are use for their compani . so if you have a lot of knowledg in a specif subject which they need you are more like to get that job . when you are a specialist you can use your knowledg to research on your specif topic and might find out someth use . for exampl the wright brother knew a lot about fli . with help pf their knowledg they manag to built a plane which actual flew . and now look how far human got with the invent of the plane ; communitc becam so much easier . imagin what would happen if teacher would not special in a few subject . student would properli never be abl to learn in depth about the idea repres in the `` scarlet letter '' . nor will they be abl to learn how electricti work . teacher specil on they subject so they can answer all the question one might have . it is veri import to special you knowledg in one specif subject . with your knowledg you will be abl to help peopl with problem includ your specifi topic . it is also easier to find a job sinc compani are look out for peol with special . the power of knowledg can also be use to improv the live standart by research on plane or deseas . howev you should never forget to know someth about the other topic . if you do n't you will isol yourself from the rest of world becaus you do n't understand what is happen . so be sure to kow a bit of everyth and at the same time special in one specif subject .