current , becaus of the rise oil demand in the would-b next-gen superpow china and india , there is a rise in the demand of car as well . howev , also at the same time , becaus of some futurist ( scholar who `` prophesi '' how will our live be in the futur ) claim that crude oil will run out in forti year time and the fact that our so-cal ozone-hol is get larger almost by the size of korean peninula everi year , it seem to me that in twenti year car would be abandon much more than now . first , there are environment problem . i have seen a documentari address thi issu . rather shockingli , becaus of rise sea level ( due to ice melt ) caus by global warm ( caus mostli by burn oil ) , someon in america made an articl claim our planet could encount yet anoth ice age in less than twenti year time . the fear of encount constant blizzard that ha terror earth 's speci over time should be quit enough to make peopl give up car . second , unless we have a more environment friendli and renew energi sourc , car would have to be abandon . think about thi . if onli oil and lpg can run our car now , they would becom scarc in twenti year time , which also mean that petroleum ( includ both oil and ga ) price would skyrocket . it is alreadi skyrocket and it will be more sever in the futur . and we make plastic . plastic come from crude oil , which mean that plastic is anoth reason whi we deplet oil . so cut down on plastic is anoth problem to use oil , and peopl wo n't realli give up thi conveni substanc . final , and if we are to be optimist about it , is that we will overcom the environment and energi problem and have fli machin right up there with skyscrap that are no longer call skyscrap becaus they are common . although thi can not happen , proven by the develop speed of contemporari societi ( and probabl late stanley cubrick 's ` 2001 space odyssey ' ) , who know ? it might just happen ! so my opinion is that there will be much less car than now . but if we can overcom problem like car with hydrogen engin explod all the time and find out method like how to gener energi from solar batteri even if it is cloudi , then there could be mani car like now . but becaus these problem are hard to overcom , i 'll go with the downfal of car .