from everi travel , what we get at the end are just a group of memori . event , thing learn , peopl met , and lot of specif inform that may be with us until we leav thi world . a tour guid is an effect and excel way to ensur a qualiti trip , and what better than a great trip with friend and famili ! my famili is a huge fan of tour guid and is obsess with travel alway togeth . `` we all go , or nobodi goe '' my mom usual say when somebodi is plan a trip on hi own . they alway say that the trip is not even worthwhil without the two key ingredi : a good group and a good guid . i sometim wonder myself if they would rather leav me and take a guid to all of the trip we have made in our lifetim . i have to say , regardless of the weird obsess my parent have for guid , i agre with them . have a guid help you understand the histori and the peopl of the place you are visit . you can get recommend for good place to eat , fun park to visit , and interest museum and show . and best of all , share all thi with the compani you have ! on a trip i made to europ two year ago ( obvious with everi member of my famili ) , i went to see a citi that hundr of year ago had been cover in lava , and complet destroy . the first thing my father did when we arriv at thhi amaz place , wa to look for the best guid he could find . i think regular parent first take a look at the place , read someth about them , and probabl go buy the ticket to enter ; but not my dad . in less than five minut he came with a spanish guid that had studi histori in a prestigi univers , and spoke around six languag . although i make fun of my parent ' obsess , i have to say that in everi trip we make we have the best tour guid a tourist can possibl get . i should probabl thank them for get the best out of everi place we visit , becaus that is realli priceless . in conclus , i would like to say that group and guid are an incred combin for everi trip . it give you peopl to talk and have fun with , and the touch of histori and educ we should all receiv .