`` who want to be a millionair ? '' is a tv show produc and broadcast in mani differ countri . everybodi who regularli watch thi show will recogn that peopl win high amount of money in thi show have a broad knowledg of a varieti of subject . mani peopl claim that it might be better to have such a broad knowledg of differ field than to be special in onli one given field . nonetheless i think it is better to special in one specif subject . the first point to support thi opinion is the rapid growth of knowledg . man 's knowledg doubl everi three to five year . sever hundr year ago it wa possibl to studi theolog , astrolog , astronomi and medicin and then claim to be a man have the whole knowledg of the whole world , be extens educ in ani known field of scienc . with the huge amount of knowledg we have gather today thi is no more possibl . thu there is a certain need to resid in one specif subject . a second point is that one ha to adapt to a certain grade to what industri and societi need . industri is look for highli train specialist , engin , physician and phycisist . but not for someon who tell them he know everyth , but onli to quit small extent . with thi knowledg you might be an interest candid for `` who want to be a millionair ? '' , but not for a good job in industri . third , i think it might be quit a boost for your self-confid to be abl to see yourself as a real expert on a given topic . last year there wa a certain awar concern avian flu , and there wa no singl day without the news report about it . in most of those articl and show there were citat of expert on the topic of virolog , highli train specialist who realli knew how to fight flu . but there wa no singl citat of anyon claim to be the one to know littl about flu , but also about everi other topic . to have a chanc as an expert , you need to be a specialist in thi subject , and thi will onli leav you littl time to gather broad knowledg of other subject . what we need today is the expert highli special in one specif subject . to address differ issu it might be necessari to combin expert and build team , but in a world face such a rapid growth of knowledg special is accord to my opinion definit the best and onli effect way to go .