i realli aggre with thi statement . to my mind , it is necessari for success to walk on new way . thi is the onli opportun to solv and to get along with problem in a successful way . the first point to mention whi i think that the statement abov is correct is that peopl who onli repeat their normal way of life do not focu on altern sollut . they have their known scheme to solv problem in their daili life . thi might be for them a satisfi opportun to live and to relax in their person sphere . but thi relax is the point whi they are not success as other peopl are . you have to take risk and to tri new thing to reach the level of success . your person experi and your knowledg make you understand the world and to react in sever daili situat . but success is the product of knowledg and look forward . risk is an essenti element of look forward . onli by brake out of your normal life you can discov new perspect in your job and your privat area . to make it clear , i am not in the opinion that somebodi should risk hi life everi day . `` risk '' mean to go an altern way . a way , you wont go by reflect onli on your experi . you can for exampl look for a new job when it offer more chanc for your career . peopl should not onli look on the money they can earn in their profess . they should more reflect on their career opportun . let us talk about a young busi man . he can open anoth coffe shop near the central station , the third in the street , or he can develop a fundament new concept of sell good . the research work befor may be cost intens and can be a risk . but when he ha establish a new product or a new sell method he is the onli one have thi advantag . thi is a way of success . i think everi person is curiou from the birth to death . but the experi we collect dure our life make us a bit tire . to my mind , peopl who save thi curios are more successful than other . children tri more . they risk more . thi is the reason whi they are so successful in grow up in a rel short period of time . you can onli be successful by think differ .