i do not feel that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do becaus i believ that they are also human an everi human enjoy 's hi life to fullest and to the best of hi capac . even though there idea or way of enjoy is differ . we should also not forget that these old peopl were also young someday so they know much better than young peopl the defin of `` enjoy . '' i do not feel that older peopl enjoy life less thi is becaus be a human they alway have a desir of enjoy . there may be the case that there way of enjoy is differ as compar to young peopl becaus of the constraint such as age or physic disabl which come with age . for exampl for the young peopl enjoy could be do mountain climb or play basket ball but becaus of age they are not abl to do all these activ . instead they love to go for a walk or sit with friend and have coffe which young peopl find bore . thi made them think that old peopl dont know enjoy . they tend to forget that these old peopl were also young and have done all these activ . second , i feel thi becaus older peopl also have variou respons toward their work and famili and be old societi also expect that them to be respons for their action but young peopl are gener away from these tension . even then we find older peopl laugh and alway present and support these young gener . thirdli , older peopl with their experi and intellig which grow with time know the proper defin of enjoy . it doe not mean tri out riski act such as drive a bike at high speed or keep your both hand free , which younger gener find the idea of real fun . instead they know that it is a shear stupid and not fun . on the other hand you will find older peopl drive slowli and listen to a romant music with their better half in side or you will also see them with their grand children and sing a famou nurseri rhyme . at last , i would like to conclud it as that the older peopl find their happi or they enjoy when their famili is happi , when these younger peopl are happi . so , it would be veri wrong on anybodi 's part to say that `` young peopl enjoy more life than older peopl do '' instead it should be said that '' older peopl make younger peopl to enjoy. `` becaus all the tension of life are taken by them and the younger peopl are left free of all problem .