nowaday mani peopl look for way in order to decreas the number of car in use . although i would like to see that quantiti of automobil on decreas , i do not believ that thi is a possibl trend for the near futur . simpli speak , there are more incent for peopl to buy and use car than there are reason to abandon them . i will tri to make a short list of these incent . first of all , the popul on earth is grow continu , which mean that there are mani new peopl who want to have car . as a result of huge advertis campaign carri out by automobil firm which want to maxim their profit , a social imag ha been creat for car . peopl now think that a car improv their mobil and is an indic of their socio-econom statu . moreov , young peopl also want to have their own car , which make them `` cool '' . as a result , the demand for new car is veri high in almost everi countri on teh world . anoth trend which would avoid a decreas in the number of car is the unpopular of mass transit system . sinc the citi are grow constantli and fund of govern and local administr can not grow as rapidli as citi , it becom harder to travel within the citi use the overcrowd mass transit system . therefor , mani peopl prefer to have a car and use it especi in the busi hour of the day . due to the fascin technolog advanc , it becom easier for peopl to buy a new car , becaus technolog advanc enabl a decreas in price . bank credit and other kind of financi assist are offer to peopl who want to have car and most peopl use these opportun to have a new car and keep the older one for other member of the famili . in the earli 21st centuri , it is now wide accept that a nuclear famili ha more than one car , sometim even all member have their own car : anoth inclin which harden a worldwid decreas in the number of car . the continu growth of popul coupl with the strong social imag of automobil , unpopular of mass transit system and price decreas indic that a decreas in the quantiti of automobil is not possibl for the near futur . consid the environment danger of have moer car , on the other hand , government and non-government organ should seek and promot option other than car .