i complet agre to the statement and i strongli believ that in order to succeed one should be will to take chances/risk in life and tri unexplor avenu . i 'd like to support my statement by mention follow point and exampl : firstli , as we all know that we have to live onc and as some peopl say that life is not a rehears , i think we have been given just one opportun to explor differ avenu of life . inde life would becom veri monoton and bore if risks/chanc are not taken and novel thing are not tri . have said that it should be taken into consider that the chanc taken should not harm oneself or other . for instanc , if we think of the big name of busi world like bill gate and sushil mittal , they could not have achiev their current statu , if they would n't have taken risk in their live . these peopl were not well acquaint with comput and steel , respect when they start but becaus of their willing to explor and take chanc they undoubteldi succeed and reach to the highest level . secondli , i believ that if risks/chanc are not taken in most of the area , it would definit affect the rate at which we invent newer technolog today . most of the advanc are base on assumpt that one would succeed while attempt a particular task . for exampl , moment discoveri like comput , internet , telescop , etc. would not have been possibl without take the risk and consid the possibl of failur . thirdli , i feel that one should be conciou of that fact while take risks/chanc that success is not alway a suriti becasu we alway do not get what we aim for . so it 's not essenti true that peopl who took chanc earlier are onli success one , but there are peopl who were unabl to achiev what they desir despit of take risk . final , i conclud that though there is no harm in work on onli do someth that a person know well , but i think that would make life veri stagnant and our advanc will be badli hamper . so a person should alway be will to lookout for opportunit and take calcul risk in hi life and sooner or later he would definit tast success .