i can not agre or disagre with the statement as it stand . sometim innov and risk-tak is vital to success , at other time it will lead to disast . consid ibm 's system / 360 famili of comput introduc in 1964 . it wa intend as replac for the seri 1400 busi comput and seri 7000 academ comput . until then , ibm had been sell two inher incompat class of comput mean that it have to give differ train for each type of comput and also that part and accessori were not compat . the s / 360 wa design to address both commerci and academ requir , make it the all round comput , which is whi it wa name after the 360 degre of a complet circl . furthermor , upgrad from a small comput to a bigger one meant that all of the program had to be written again . the s / 360 made it possibl for custom to start with a small comput and gradual upgrad to more power comput , protect their invest all the way . it wa a veri riski move for ibm but it work and made ibm the leader of the industri . other were not as lucki as ibm wa . steve job , the man who pioneer person comput , wa so impress with research in xerox parc that he built the world 's first gui * graph'cal user interfac ( person comput . the ` lisa ' had window , menu and all the featur of a user friendi interfac that ha becom prolif with the spread of window . howev it also had a price tag of around $ 10,000 and it fail miser . steve job went ahead and built anoth gui comput which he call the macintosh . that wa juch cheaper but made no pretenc to be compat with the ibm pc . onc again job had taken a risk and fail to succeed . it would appear that take risk is necessari for success but it is also danger . do what one know best sound like sensibl advic . howev it shoud be re-phras as follow : ` do onli what you can do better than the competit ' . just becaus an individu excel at play chess doe n't mean he could make a live play chess . for that he would have to beat the world champion . onli a hand of grandmast can be success in make a money by win competit . thi rule appli to practic all sport . it is a not good idea to attempt to do anyth without first learn it , or at least display an aptitud for it . there is a good reason whi everi profess is in the hand of profession who have train mani year . in some case , like medicin or mine , peopl without the right background are not legal allow to practis at all . take risk or specialis in certain field is essenti a matter of common sens and analys the circumst correctli .