when i wa elementari student , i went to swim school , cram school , and tenni school , so that i did n't have a time to contact with my commun . therefor , i agre with the opinion that young peopl nowaday do not give enought time to help their commun . the reason is that their parent have the children learn mani thing . anoth reason is that the relationship in commun is get weak . mani children go to cram school and learn mani thing such as swim and tenni . in recent year , peopl 's academ level is emphasis , so that parent let their children go to cram school to get better the their children ' abil to enter the good school . becaus of thi tendensi , the competit to enter the good school is more higher that that of few year ago . therefor , the parent get their children to go to 2 or more cram school . for exampl , my cousin is 3 year old , and he alreadi go to kind of cram school to learn how to cacul and english . though he is 3 year old , he daos n't have a time to play with hi friend . moreov , if the children have a littl time expect the time which they go to cram school , they will use a time to play with their freind and do n't help their commun . therfor , the time to help their commun dose n't exsist in youg peopl 's life . the relationship of commun is weak . for exampl , my friend dose n't know the neightboor becaus they do n't meet each other and there are n't event in their commun . thefor , there are n't the oppotun to know who live in the commun and make fri with each other . in these comun that the citizen relationship is weak , how they can help the neightboor who they do n't kanow . when i wa elementari student , the big earthquak wa occur in my citi . it is noamal to help each other if the disast occur . howev , no one help each other and they just think about their famili . the good thing for young peopl is to help their commun . by do thi , they can get the sprit of volut and the sprit of help peopl . howev , in recent , they are veri busi to do learn mani thing to earn the good school . also , the citizen are onli care about their famili becasu of weak of relationship in their commun . therefor , i difenitili agre with the opinion that young peopl do not give enought time to help thier commun .