gener versu special is a wide discuss topic nowaday . in older day most academ field requir rather broad gener knowledg with point specif knowledg in certain subject . with the advanc of societi and scienc the demand for generalist decreas and the demand for specialist increas . whi is that ? let me explain thi use the field of medicin as an exampl . in the past medic doctor were abl to overlook broad field of medicin , give them the chanc to help patient with mani differ diseas at a good level of care . with the advanc of medicin and medic research the complex of each medic field increas and it becam harder and harder for an individu to keep up with the advanc knowledg in each field . to be abl to treat a patient accord to the state-of-the-art standard of medicin nowaday one ha to be a specialist in hi field . for generalist the field of practic becom smaller and smaller while more and more subject are taken and space been fill with specialist . knowledg in medicin is said to doubl everi five year . thi prove that a medic doctor today can not accumul the same level of knowledg in mani medic subject and reach a compar level of perfect as one could thirti year ago . now , is thi a chang to the good ? do i agre that special is good ? it might be useful and the pace of scientif advanc might not give us a choic , but i person believ that at the same time someth is lost . what ? well , first at all the gener pictur is lost . a specialist often ha not the same broad idea of the big pictur , let 's say - to stick with the exampl of the gener doctor - of the patient 's background , other medic problem , medic problem in differ social and geograph group of societi and the influenc amongst medic problem . second at all the more special a person - in thi exampl a doctor - becom the more like it will be that he is onli neeed for a small number of duti , investig or treatment , wich in my oppinion lead to more perfection at first , but veri easili lead to a lack of compass and boredom soon afterward , leav behind a specialist with no enthusiasm and compass ani more for hi job and profess . in that way i person do agre with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani topic or subject than to special in one specif subject .