i strongli disagre with the quot . the quot seem to be a typic statment that elder make . the young peopl nowaday do give enough time to help out their commun . the amound of time that young peopl spend on their commun is small compar to the young peopl in the past . howev , thi doe not mean that the young peopl nowaday spend littl time to help their commun , which can be their school commun or local town . compar to the past , student are usual given rel more work today , caus the indvidu student to have less time for their commun servic . the amount of homework and extracuricullum that the student do almost reach the limit of some student . as a high school senior student , i ca n't break my weekli schedul becaus if time period of one of the activ that i am engan chang , i ca n't afford to chang my whole schedul . thi is veri common in my school . dure the school day , i devot my free period to studi and review the previou class . after school , i have activ that i would like to do such as volleybal for everi monday , wendseday and friday , math team for everi thurseday and model unit nation for everi tuesday . on weekend , i rest and prepar for the follow week . these activ are difficult to stop becaus they help the student to learn the skill that are essenti in the real world such as time manag , respons , team work and so on . also , there are larg number of homework and test that i must complet and studi . with a delug of these import activ and academ work , student nowaday can not devot themselv to their commun as much as the young peopl did in the past . today , the major of the student spend equal proport of their time such as weekend to be invol in their commun . in my school , we organ habitat for human and visit construct site in rural area of the citi , warsaw , in order to help the homeless peopl to build their hous . we physic help them through lay and cut brick and dig ground . also , as a treasur of the high school , i organ a fundras event to send some money to the local hospit ; the turn out are great , prove that the young peopl still care about their commun , and the onli problem is that they do n't have enough spare time to help the commun everyday . the student tri to support their commun physic and financi . the young peopl , student nowaday spend eneough time to help their commun . although the quantiti of the time of help is smaller than the past , the percentag of the help time is equal .