the subject at hand is wheather young peopl enjoy life more that old peopl or not . thi is a veri import subject becau that question ha been between peopl for a long time . i , person , agre with the statement total . i beliv that young peopl enjoy life more that older one becaus of the health issu , the responsibl and the experi in life . first , young peopl are more like to have a good health than older peopl . the activ that the youngth are abl to practic are more than what older peopl are abl to . for exampl , most old peopl have joint diseas which limit their movement consequantli , hike skate and mani other activ that are enjoy to alot of peopl are prohibit . for thi reason i believ that young peopl will enjoy their life more . secondli , most young peopl do n't have alot to responsibl to worri about . they might not have childreen to fear for their futur . and they might not have a sick spous to take care of . on the other hand , it is more common for older peopl to have those responsibl which hold them from enjoy life and do fun stuff . final , and it might be the most import point is the way the societi look at older peopl versus young one . mistak are usual accept from yonger peopl more than from the old . in anoth word , young peopl will be abl to immers themselv in adventur , which mean have more fun , whithout be care about the result . wheara , old peopl should think mani time befor get into ani adventur becaus the societi is watch out what mistak they might do . for exampl , a young student might think about sneak to hi father can and drive it without have a licens . thi experi might bring him/her alot of happini and fun althought he / she might get caught by a polic man but thi young man is readi for the the adventur and he doe n't care about the sequanc . yet , an old widow in a countri like mine , for exampl , might not be abl to get marri becaus of she will be afri of what the societi might say about her get marri at that age . therefor , i beliv that more adventur and more freedom and less care about what other might say will give young peopl more joy in lif . in all , life is limit for a few year that a person can live . therefor , young peopl should enjoy their life as much as they can befor get older and have health problem , more respons and a societi opinion to worri about .