sinc the technolog is get more and more advanc , peopl 's live improv a lot . now peopl wo n't onli think about how to make live , instead , they will think about how to make their live better . more and more entertain are request , and peopl start to enjoy their live by have entertain . about the question whether young peopl enjoy life more or older peopl do , in my opinion , it depend on differ peopl 's perspect and differ stage they are at . thi essay will discuss thi issu by show differ peopl 's point of view . for those peopl who are still go to elementrari school , they do n't even know what their life will be like . they have flexibl schedul ; and most of their time is spent on play . if thi is also call a way to enjoy life , then the littl kid express their enjoy by enjoy play . after a person is in the high school , he may ha some idea about what direct hi life will be like . teenag are the gener who realli know how to play the technolog . there is a fact that the peopl who know how to use comput are most teenag . even though they have to studi at school most of the time , they still have a lot of after school activ . teenag are the one who know how to hold a parti the most ; also they are the custom who go to movi theatr often . teenag enjoy their live by spend time on parti , watch movi . they are the one who know how to use entertain . when peopl start their career , obvious they do n't have enough time to do entertain , but they still enjoy live . after finish the whole day 's work , they choos to relax themselv by watch tv , or play sport , or listen to music . as long as they feel relax , not as stress as work , they will know how wonder their live are . now it 's time to see how old peopl enjoy their live . mayb some peopl will think that they are too old to enjoy life , well , it 's not true . becaus the societi is improv , peopl start to care old peopl more . there are a lot of place onli for old peopl , and there are a lot of sport instrument for them to practic . old peopl like to get togeth and talk about their life in the past , and sometim they will make up music band , which some peopl at other age enjoy the most . base on the discuss abov , it is easi to figur out that peopl at all age enjoy their live . the onli differ is they enjoy live by differ way . there might be some case that some peopl alway feel depress and they do n't like their life , but in most of the situat , i think peopl will prefer to be happi . as long as peopl feel posit about their daili , they will enjoy .