there is a vibrant debat nowaday on whether it is better to know mani academ subject at a broad level rather than special in one specif subject . even if i understand the import of know someth well and in depth , i agre wirh the statement that it is better to studi as mani subject as possibl dure school and colleg time . the follow are the three main support reason to my posit . first , i think that the role of educ is to give to student as mani inform as possibl , in order to give them at least a gener view on all the import topic and area . for exampl , student too focus on one area might be in troubl to get along in group of other student discuss other topic and they might miss someth they actual realli like . second , studi mani academ subject give the student the opportun to understand what they realli like in order to make sure they choos a carrer that fit with their interest . thi is import to avoid situat in which student realiz that they do n't actual want to work all their life in the area they special in and it caus them to be not preparar dto a carrer shift becaus they lack knowledg in other area . final , my third support point is relat to the social life of peopl . when peopl get special in one specif subject , they might even win a nobel prize in their area of studi but there is the risk that they lack import knowledg which are necessari to enjoy everyday social life . let 's think to someon who spent her entir life in a laboratori without ani other interest : he might definetli be a great scientist but he may fell unconfort in partecip in discuss of other topic ( i.e. histori , polit , art ) ; when it happen , peopl might have problem in get along with other dure social event , like theatr , museum and all the other network event that are so importnat in everyon 's life . in conclus , i agre with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject and the point made abov sustain thi thesi in a both person and profession perspect .