i would not agre with the statement that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . i believ the car increas rate will be reduc , howev , there will be more car in twenti year time . first , car have becom a necess in today 's world . societi is grow at a super fast speed , and a high efficienti is need for peopl to maintain the modern tight life style . we have to admit that car , as the fastest land transport mean , save us a lot of time in our daili life . peopl do not want to use too much time to stay on the road , which is consid as a wast of life . also , the modern citi tend to be larger and larger in size , and there is usuar huge distanc between peopl 's home and their work place . thi situat also bring the necess of the usag of car . let us take beij for exampl . beij is much larger than 10 year ago , and mani peopl would like to buy hous in the rural place where the hous price is lower , while they have to work in the central citi . can you imagin what it woud be like if these peopl do not have car ? they will spend half of the day on the road , or even more . and in the near futur , i can not see ani possibl that car number will be reduc . howev , we can not ignor what harm the huge number of car have brought to our environ . the green hous effect ha made the climat warmer and warmer . the scientist point out that , if the temperatur keep grow at such a speed , our contin will be flood one day , and by then , we would have no place to live . the atmospher is no longer as clean as befor due to the huge amount of wast ga that car have produc . it is caus a slow neg effect on humanb 's health . public awar should be rais to limit the number of car , and actual mani countri have taken measur alreadi . in singapor , the govern limit the number of car by charg a high tax rate , and fewer and fewer peopl can afford car . take thi issu into consider , i strongli believ that the number of car will not be increas as fast as now , in twenti year time . in conclus , we can not omit car , becaus they are play so import a role in our daili life . howev , we have to learn how to use car properli , without destroy the environ we are live in . i think more and more peopl will be awar of thi fact , and in twenti year time , the car will not increas as fast as today .