sinc henri ford ha given hi famou staement of `` you can get whatev color you want as long as it is black '' the car industri ha alway been one of the most import achiev of today 's societi . with the build of new highway and better road that even penetr to the most desert place in countri the need and urg in peopl to obtain a car that is suitabl for them is grow . nonetheless the financi sector and car industri are encourag peopl to be a player in thi car consumpt mad with new innov toward the comfort of peopl and give credit and financi support to peopl who wont be abl to afford to purchas a car without the help of a deliber amount of financi credit . howev will thi tide of car will stop in some day . it is obviou that with each day pass a new innov is serv to us in the car industri . that is the key point for the car manufactur to stir the human desir element insid us as it is for sure that everi singl one of us mostli burn with the desir to buy bigger and more luxuri car as long as we can afford it . even sometim we get loan in order to achiev our desir on thi . in combin with thi famili have start to purchas car for each of the famili member and you can easili wit the fact that in most of the famili there are more than one car . thi in fact is a veri good explan of how the compet and rivalri in the car industri develop everyday . if someon look from thi perspect it can easili be conclud that in the futur we , even for basic human need , will be use our car . support thi discuss in today environ the weak of public transform is also an import encourag factor for peopl to buy car . peopl feel more secur and comfort to tarvel with their own car rather that chang sever public transport vehicl and reach their destin far later that they would desir . also have a luxuri and comfort car is a sign of reput and wealth in today world which may help peopl in their social and busi life . despit these pro howev there are also sever point that may be cunt as con of the increas of car in the societi . one of them is that although there are sever research and develop activ revolv on the issu of fuel consumpt , the primari fuel for now is oil which is a realli scarc resourc in te world and which each day need more expens and effort to be harvest . whether we like it or not if new innov such as the one right now , be electr and hydrogen , caanot get common we then unwillingli will be say goodby to our preciou car , anoth import point id the ratio of build more road to the sale of car as new car need new structur to travel on . thu the govern tri to give high import to establish more highway and road for the new car but usual the suppli is far lower than the demand . thi in return creat huge traffic problem . as i state abov peopl do not want to give up their comfort use the public transport mean whic in return build a mess of chao in the traffic . everday it is load huge stress on peopl to wait for hour be stuck in the point and move less than 10 meter in an hour . lastli pollut creat by the car is an import problem as most of the environment pollut is back by the exhaust fume of the car . howev these problem lack the necessari motiv for peopl to give up their car and switch to somet els . in conclus i would say that consid the pro and con abov i would have to disagre with the statement that in twenti year time we will have less car . although the con are import point to be taken care of still car are one of the preciou thing that the peopl perceiv as their primari part of their life . it is unknown whether by the rapid develop in technolog will replac someth els with our preciou car but in thi sequenc we are have now i would say that there will be more car in twenti year time than we have now .