there is no deni that travel in group led by a tour guid ha becom controvers , not onli for the professon but for the public as a whole . some peopl prefer the travel that is in group and is led by a guid , and would like to put an end to it , while other do not think thi is the best way . as far as i am concern , i contend that the travel in a group led by a tour guid is the best way to travel . the reason support my assert will be shown bleow . first of all , travel in a group led by a tour guid is funnier . both common sens and our experi have inform us that if mani peopl stay togeth , they will be happier and can make more fun . for exampl , when we travel in a group , we can share our funni stori , chat with one anoth , and even play some interest game . all these activ help us to spend the bore time on the bu or the train . and also , the guid can tell us some interest local custom which enjoy us . in addit , travel in a group led by a tour guid is safer . it is well known that the thiev usual attact the peopl alon , which situat is eaier for them . while if the tourist are in group , we can look after one anoth , and also can take care of the belong when some peopl go to the washroom . and also , there are some danger in some resort , which the guid know well . in thi situat , the guid will remind us to be care . moreov , travel in a group led by a tour guid make us know more about the local cultur . we know that the gudi is profession and get good train about the resort that we visit . at each resort , the guid will explain the histori of it , and even give some inform we can not get from the guid book . thu the explain made by the guid make our tourist more effici . notwithstand the fact that travel in a group led by a guid is noisier , thi demerit can be compesi by the mani merit associ with the group travel . beyond the doubt , when the fact are examin , it advantag and disadvantag weigh , and bias opinion cast away , it is not difficult to draw the conclus that to travel in a group led by a guid is the best way to travel . given the practic realiti of the modern societi , in fact , not onli i prefer the safeti , fun , and knowledg brought about by the group travel , but also i hope that the group member can be quiet some time when some peopl are tire .