everi minut of our pass life lot of new thing are happen are invent are found to make our life more comfort to find the perfect form of everyth , from cell phone to bed , medicin to accesor . so how come we can learn all of these in such a big world ? advertis ! on tv 's , on magazin , on road . advertis are in everywher ! even when you speak to your friend you mention about the new product , which 's ad wa awesom by the way'you are help the advertis word to grow bigger and bigger . i ca n't stop think about it though , how true are these advertis ? when they say that thi car , these jean , thi mp3 player is the one for you , how can you believ thi ? the thing is it 's easi to talk about the product and give commend . it 's easi to talk someon into buy someth by mention the great , exsacur side of a product . thi is not onli done by the ad 's on tv . thi is also made by the staff in the store . for exampl ; you can tell a realli fat ladi that the jean she 's wear make her hip look smaller , and make her buy the jean though she look like a trap whale in it . so in thi kind of a posit the custom have to be smart , to see if peopl make the product seem much better than they realli are . there is anoth thing like make celebreti perform on the ad . britney spear or madonna make a shoe commerci let 's say i 'm tell you everybodi start to buy that thing . whi ? do you realli think they are wear those shoe ? i 'd like to share someth i 've observ ; in an ad i recent saw on tv ; there wa thi girl and a boy go to the boy 's place . she ask for a cappucino , but as the guy onli new about beer , he did n't have a cappucino machin , so he brought her a cake with cappucino flavor . so the next what we see is the girl kiss the guy after eat the cake . what kind of an exsacur is thi ? what kind of a cake make a girl kiss a boy . now do n't you think advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . .. with thi cake you 're gonna buy onli for a dolar we give you a chanc to get in relat with enorm beauti girl !