y do peopl stick to the one particular entiti ? if it so , it is not the natur of a human be . as the god ha given a brain to think about what he is do and what to do , he ha the choic of do hi own experi without caus ani disturb to the other . ye ! i agre with the peopl who are succes in do the thingss ang got succed in differ aspect , will automat tend to tri to do new thing , it all depend on hi abil to do and way of approach idea in do that thing . peopl who are success in thier previou invent get more motiv in do the new invent , tat himself prove hi abil to do and think himself to satnd in a high posit when compar to other . the success tend to do or invent more new thing , they doesnot think about the risk that occur at the time of hi work , hi own expereinc get him out of the risk and encourag him to do invent new thing . for exampl the peopl who invent televis which are black and white , on the success invent that telivis poepl are more intrest in invent the colouredtelevis , henc becaus of the succes peopl mind , they tend to invent more and more thing which are more better than the previouinvent . henc the peopl who ha abil to take risk can invent more better number of invent for the world . the anoth exampl is the invent of electr bulb , the person who invent the bulb invent the advanc form of the bulb , henc peopl who invent the new thing with more effect result will be readi to take the risk . these peopl are the exampl for the remain one , who are the begin in the invent . henc the success peopl are the who are readi to take the risk and they know how to face the risk rather than do that of the previou work in a better way . henc i strongli agre with the peopl who tri to invent new thing . if the peopl doe not tend to invent new thing now the technolog we have is not there in front of us , if the success peopl are not taken the risk in that particular who would not haveenjoy the latest technolgi now we have . henc i strongli agre to the peopl who are tri to invent new thing , we should encourag them rather than dissapoint them in their inventori .