i agre , most advestis make seem their product and offer better than what they realli are just becaus they dont show the other side . mani promot of product advertis their product the way they wish they were but actual are n't becaus they havent found a way to creat the product that way or just becaus it cheaper the way it is . but , sinc one person know the truth , one doesnt care about the qualiti and just sell whatev will earn them profit . it incred to look at thi and see the way peopl have turn to be ; from be so honest and hellpful in the past to be blind by money and materi interest . it 's clear that peopl today day 's will do anyth just to appear to other likeon ha achiev all want goal and have reach fame and power . a fals advestis can be seen like a quarter , promot of one face of the quarter , you may be fulli convinc that it great and that it all true but when you get close and see all the caracterist you get to know that there are two side of the quarter . it strang how so mani product have been sold in great amount when one can see the fals advertis clearli , so clearli that you ask youself `` how come peopl buy thi ? '' . disgrac we 're not all brain and peopl today day get distract easili , we give the attent mostli to the thing that dont matter becaus we dont do the reaserch need to compromis yourself with the import thing in life and the one with good qualiti . although some compani 's have no '' head '' , no true leader for when there are troubl and demand for product , one can see that there allway ha to be a '' head '' in a plan . compani 's do research , investig and interview to find out way to attract custom , to find out what peopl are look for . thi way you pay attent to the good thing and not to the bad ; thi is a good strategi but in a neg way sinc it fool buyer . by put attract color , pretti design and catchi name they have all the attent they need from the custom and what they could say `` in our hand '' . unconsi they fool us , they put so much artifici thing that they cover the product complet ; it could be just like advertis a complet differ product , a total fake and fals one .