both our planet and our way of life have evolv throughout the decad , and we can notic sever major shift dure the last centuri for instanc . one great invent wa the rather recent creation of car and thi event ha strongli influenc our daili life . howev , for sever reason , i am convinc that in the next twenti year , the use of car is go to decreas a lot . for a veri long time , mankind ha not taken care of the environment health and state . inde , in everi countri , the citizen have pollut their beach , their plain , their air etc . when car appear , thi phenomenon actual spread until today , so that the situat is rather critic nowaday . nevertheless , in recent time , mani intern and polit leader such as kofi annan the un secretari for instanc ; mani intern organ like the unit nation , wwf or green peac , have critic these wrong habit and tri to promot a better way of life , without car . thu , i think that mani peopl among the citizen have realiz that they all had a major role in their planet 's health and they might inde respect the advic of the ecologist organ , by use their car less for exampl . moreov , in mani countri , sever polit leader have conduct a special polici base on the develop of public transport such as bu , plane , train etc . they have decid to decreas the cost of these infrastructur , they have invent special card at lower cost for the student , the elderli , for instanc so that they tend to use these transport rather than car . besid , specialist in urban in mani major citi such as new york , pari etc have develop the network of these structur so that alway more peopl can use them . final , on an econom scale , becaus of the war , the tension in the countri that belong to the organ of petroleum export countri ( opec ) , the price of oil have increas up to more than 70 dollar per barrel . given that car mostli use oil today , mani consum tri to decreas their consumpt of oil , and as a consequ , they tend to use much less their vehicl . if the price of oil keep increas , which in my opinion will be the case ( fewer new well of oil are discov today in the world ) , i am certain that thi will reduc the expans of car . as a conclus , i would say that i am convinc that there will inde be fewer car in about twenti year , whether it be for econom , polit or environment reason : the domin of car ha come to an end !