i strongli agre with thi statement . thi is for variou reason : first , the mere learn of fact is bore to most peopl , thu lead to lack of motiv and concentr . understand the underli idea and concept on the other hand is more interest to most student . plu , onc they have understood a certain concept they often feel proud of themselv which give motiv for further learn . moreov , onc a student ha develop an understand for the basic idea of a certain issu , they are not like to forget what they have learn as fast as they would had they onli memor fact . plu , student who have an understand of the matter can answer question more easili , and are even abl to answer question that go beyond the mere fact . thu , from a didact point of view , understand idea and concept is far superior to learn fact . now let me give you some exampl support the statement which i have made abov . let us take a look at the physic of a fli ball . student can either just memor the formula or tri to understand whi the ball is move the way it is . simpli learn the formula is not interest at all as they consist of onli letter and number . it is easi to forget that the x wa squar or that what a certain letter meant . on the other hand , tri to understand the caus of the movement is a much better idea . student learn that there are differ fundament forc that act on a fli ball . they can now draw a pictur show the direct of the forc act on the ball and retriev the formula easili form their sketch . if they were now given a differ problem of move object they are also abl to indentifi the forc and thu deduct a set of formula describ the motion . had they onli learn the formula of the fli ball in the first place , they are not veri like to be abl to handl a differ , but similar problem . anoth point i would like to make is the fact that onc someon know the underli concept of a problem , they are also abl to explain and to pass on what they have learend to other peopl . thi is again due to the fact that they are abl to answer question go beyond mere fact .