with the recent rapid econom develop , the pace of life is becom faster and faster . consequ , few peopl nowaday think it is more vital for student to understand idea and concert . on the other hand , there still some peopl who think learn the fact is more import . in my point of view , whether to choos or not is not a critic matter , and person prefer should be respect . after consid my person and the fond . i will choos the latter one and list the reason as follow . the first arguement that can be present to develop my idea is that learn the fact may make student understand the idea and concept more easili . both common sens and our experi have inform us that learn fact may provid a more gener and clear view . a good exampl could give some light to thi point . as the student learn fact through the real exampl may give them a more specif and detail of the gener idea of the thing . moreov , opposit exampl can be found to demonstr that student understrand the idea and concept may not know how to use them into the real life , such as the learn the theori on the class and do not know how to use it into the real experi , so there is no mean to learn it as student do not use it . in addit , it is easili obsev in modern soceiti that learn the fact my be more effect . it is obviou that student stude by learn the fact may be more effect as they can get the gener idea from the fact . to illustr thi there is an exampl that is veri persuas . student learn through fact which may more impress them than just let them understand the concept , so they may learn it more effect and do not just learn the idea from the book , learn the fact are more interest student to memonris it . nevertheless , student understand idea and concept also have advantag to some extent , they can know the basic idea of the thing which may give them a direct to solv thing . howev , such merit is specul , what is more if you can see that not everyon can understand it deepli and use it . therefor , learn the fact is more import . in these circumst , after close comparis between the lear the fact and understand idea and concept , it is not difficult to draw the conclut that it is crucial for student to learn the fact rather than understand idea and concept .