i alway believ that one of the biggest trait for a success person would definetli be hi abil to tri out new thing rather than persist do thing he knew best . so i would definetli agre with given the statement . let take an exampl to better illustr the stand on the topic , thoma edison wa the one who invent the bulb . he would never have invent the bulb if he did not take the risk and tri some thing differ . what could the effect of thi be ? we would have still be sit with candl in between us for light . so it wa thi abil of hi to tri new theor and thought made him success . secondli i would like to take the exampl of the father of my nation mahatma ghandhi who wa greatli success becaus of hi new way to fight the british rule . he came up with what they call now the ghandian principl of non - violent way of fight aginest the british rule . hi new and riski way help to win the independ to our countri , much againest the more establish way of use violenc for freedom fight . ghandhi for one an establish lawer in south africa when he start hi new non violent way of protest againest the harsh author . fur better understand take for instanc a student who is good at hi achadem but not veri good in hi commun skill , if he want to get place in a good compani after hi studi it would be realli hard for him to be success . so here although the person is good at hi achademicsh need to concentr on hi commun skill in order to be success . thi stament greatli work in the case of comput programm , comput programm are alway confront with the task of find newer way to program in order to increas the effici and throughput of the target system , and so the most success men for instanc microsoft have alway been one those who did thing differ . so to sum it up , though it is import to do well what you know , you alway need to have the desir to tri out new thig and the pluck to take risk to come out on top and be success . thi ha alway been the case with most of the success men in histori .