idea are caus by think intens or do indepth research about ani particular subject . understand the concept will make the person research that particular subject a versatil in that particular subject . a fact may leav the student onli with the outer layer of an indepth knowledg relat to that subject rather than understand `` what lie beneath '' . dure my tenur as a trainer with a particular organ i train a lot of student to becom effect worker . and thi experi make me suggest that understand idea and concept is much more import than know fact . when i train employe regard a product i.e aqur transport permit for variou truck and tractor , i alway had to talk about indepth detail , about `` concept '' . otherwis the person will not be abl to deciph from the request as to what kind of permit he/sh ha to order for . the concept of what decid a requiremnt should be understood rather than just know the requir . for exampl , a custom request for a permit for a particular type of vehicl to travel interst ( that it is not licens for ) , which usual is provid by the compani and if the vehicl is use by a red cross organ which doe not necessarili have to acquir as per the law . now theorit the agent take the request should provid the permit . now thi is where concept and idea play a vital role . if the agent did not pay attent to these concept dure train he/sh will probabl end up issu a permit which is not requir . anoth simpl exampl : if a student know a fact that the light bulb function with just a press of a switch , he know pretti much what he is suppos to know . but , when face a challeng with the light bulb not function if he doe not know what differ compon of that tubelight emit light and what other product make it work , he probabl will not be abl to make it work . instead , he would be wast time wait for a technician to attend to it . an equal interest exampl is mathemat . if student do not understand the idea and concept of formula and how to work with them to find a solut for a particular problem then know just the fact which is just a formula would not help them solv differnbt problem of the same natur . therefor , i conclud by say that student should definit pay more attent to understand idea and concept more than just learn fact . not just student at school but student in all walk of life .