some night ago i sat on my bed and tri to learn for a veri import testpap i should write the next day . the subject wa biolog and so i tri just to learn the fact about the differ process in the human organ . but as i wrote the testpap the next day , i realis that thi wa no good idea . i could write down what i had learn , but i did not understand anyth . all the differ process . .. i had realli no clue , becaus i just knew some simpl fact . thi ha been an silli experi for me becaus i alway did it like that . but today i realis that thi is not the way it should be . i am in school to learn someth . i want to know and understand what my teacher is tell me . perhap i would like to explain other student what i have learn or tri to help them if they do not understand someth . but if i just learn some fact , that will not work . student should realli understand some process , idea and concept , becaus thi is what stay in mind . they should learn for their lifetim and not for a 10-minute-test in school . sure there are subject where learn fact is the easiest way to get good mark . sometim there is no logic princip for me which i can follow . but i think thi is not often in one life . in thi situat it is definetli more import for them to learn some fact than to know noth . but becaus i am a student i know that it is most of the time possibl to understand the idea and concept the teacher tri to explain . so my opinion is that mani student are too lazi to learn concept , therefor they learn some fact . the problem is that they forget the fact after a littl paus , while if i have understand the main idea i will alway remain me at thi . student are learn for their lifetim and they should learn effect . what doe it help someon if i know the fact of the process of the photosynthesi for three day , but never realis what import the photosynthesi ha for the humanbe ? i am definetli convinc that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact .