the first question that come to my mind after read that statement is `` did peopl in the past spend more time help their commun ? '' . to answer that question we should take a short look at the societi in earlier time . a hundr year ago the communti where much smaller than these day . 300 year ago there wa no supermarket in small villag . peopl had to work togeth to surviv . the farmer had to grow food , the tailor had to produc cloth . everyon wa interest in get the best out of what they were do . therefor they often contribut someth to help their commun . that ha chang . today a lot of peopl do n't realli care about their neighbor and/or surround . for exampl we have a big hous with 6 floor . 20 famili are live in thi hous . the hous is veri dirti insid , when you step outsid you can find dog 's excrement everywher . neighbor call the polic all the time , becaus they think their neighbor is too noisi . here we can see that even in a small commun like the hous in my exampl is not work togeth . they are not help eachoth and instead tri to make life harder for everyon around . the countri germani is anoth exampl for a commun . we have mani differ provinc in thi countri and they usual do n't work togeth that much . everi provinc tri to get the best result for themselv , but instead of do that through help other provinc and contribut someth to the commun they just tri to get the most amount of money they can . so whi is it that peopl nowaday do not spend a lot of time to help their commun ? we all know that peopl have the time . peopl watch mani hour t.v. everyday due to boredom . they could use that time to help the commun . the problem is that a lot of peopl do n't feel respons for their commun anymor . they see that the hous is dirti , but they are not will to do anyth about it . either becaus they think `` i 'm not go to do it , someon els can do it. '' or they think `` if nobodi is clean it , whi should i ? '' . a way to solv thi issu could be to encourag peopl to contribut someth for their commun and make life better for everyon .