i disagre with the statement that young peopl nowaday donot give enough time to help their communities.th reason which i quot for support thi statement are as follow : firstli , come to the famili they live in , they dedic enough time toward their famili member and help them in all possibl way . for exampl if a boy from a famili is ask to take hi grandmoth to a hospit for a medic checkup , he make time and take her . also he help the famili in get the necessari household item , pay of bill like current , water , hous tax etc . , secondli , come to the friend commun the young peopl make time in enjoy with the friend , help them in prepar for the exam , also clarifi the doubt if ani amomg themselv . they can develop good commun skill and team work by dedic time for their friend and help them . suppos a youth is enrol in the blood donat commun he regist hi blood group along with all hi detali . if anyon is in dire need of a veri rare group of blood , and if that person ask him for hi blood he shall definit donat hi blood . not onli are these the exampl , there can be mani exampl which we find recent . for exampl come to the orkut onlin access commun , i am a memeb of it . i also becam a member of mani subcommun like toefl ibt , ms spring 2007 , visa onlin . i fine the member of those commun answer activ to my queri like what are the rule of toefl ibt , how is thi differ from cbt , how should i appli to univers , which are the best , which is the best time for attend a visaic interview , etc. mani youth help me in find a solut to mani problem i face . youth nowaday behav more respons . donat money to age old home , destitut , blind etc. , they help these commun one wat or the other by voluntarili servic them . mani take great peopl like mother therasa , gandhili as their role model and tri to identifi these great peopl in themselv in summari , i say that there will be youth nowaday who doesnt give enough time to help their commun . thi may be becaus they might be unabl to find the time for their communit or may be they might be busi with some import schedul , which they have to definit attend to . also help commun may involv money which mani cant afford . otherwis , mani youth find happi in help out their commun and they can cherish these memori for long .