`` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . thi could be a well said joke . i total disagre with the statement . how is it possibl when everi quarter a car manufactur roll out a new model . is it possibl in the era when a car manufactur is about to develop and market a car which would be in reach of the common man who current ride a bicycl . i wish the statement would have been true but my mind say `` in your dream '' . the growth one see in the automobil market is extraordinari . there is such a stiff competit all around that even if one of the manufactur is out , there are 3 other 's who are in fray to captur it and thu increas their custom share . let me introduc an exampl to enhanc my claim . i would consid the indian market for thi . in india , a decad ago there wa onli one car giant call maruti udyog limit ( mul ) . even mul ha consolid it posit by throw out old indegen player like hindustan motor or foreign player like fiat . in less than 5 year of gain supremaci mul face stiff challang from local manufatur like tata motor or foreign compani like daewoo , hyundai , gener motor , honda etc . cut to 2006 , we see hunder of car model flood in indian market and mani more roar to get in . in a time when peopl are say that global is at it best do we see thi trend to declin . no way ! it ought to increas . let me introduc yet anoth point to strengthen my argument . today the cost of live across the world is at veri high . peopl are lavishli spend money on the materi they like to poss and beliv me thi is a trend which is not go to stop . gener by gener it ha continu and it will do so for the next twenti , thirthi or hunder year . as a result peopl will buy car to show of their statu and thu unkowingli support me in my claim . peopl may argu my point with the fact that fuel i.e. petrol and diesel are rapidli deplet and with deplet fuel reserv it would be difficult for car to surviv for next tewnti year and thu reduc the number of car . but with the advanc of technolog , today , market is flood with hybrid car which can run both on conventin fuel as well as electr . i agre that thi may be expens option current but the pace with which technolog is progress and the amount of competit the market ha , i see a drastic reduct in their price . onc the price are down how can we stop peopl from buy car which would be their best bet in term of money and in term of reduc pollut . thu , i would reiter that in the shrink world of global the day are not far when we will be out there buy a small size car to move rapidli between diffrent room in our home . now , with such an encrhoach , do we see that in next twenti year there would be fewer car . again my mind say , `` in your dream '' .