i do not complet agre with the statement that in twenti year of time there will be fewer car in use as compar to the present . the present time is mark with great develop in the technolog of car . there is huge compettit in the market where industri are strive to design and manufactur more and more sophist and advanc machin . highli innov and modern featur are consist be ad to the older model in order to attract custom . there is a plethora of car that requir onli their brand name to sound `` big '' and thu maintain their superior postion in the market like the `` mercedeez benz '' or the `` limousin '' which are own by onli the veri affluent class . therefor , at the time when the market of a product is at such a high and when further advanc have been promis by numer compani in thi field , twenti year is too small a period of time to mark a decreas in the use of car . though in wealthi countri , car may not be a veri expens luxuri to own , there are countri where peopl still save money with a dream to own a car one day which would make famili trip and outing more conveni and enjoy . children aspir to have a car of their own with numer featur . the younger gener still crave for fanci model , race car , and other expens brand . so there is no reason which can accont for and explain a decreas in the use of a car in the near futur . thi might be a posiibl for more distant futur when fossil fuel start to show a mark decreas , but then the futur might be embrac solar car and car driven by other non-conserv sourc of energi . today , when car have becom a household item , and when it becom difficult to imagin of a whole day without have a car . it becom difficult to pass even a singl day away from your car when it may be have it share of time with the mechan , and you feel handicap . it ha becom a necess today becaus of the conveni it add to our life . more and more compani are intoduc attract and allur model into the market . a fall in such a prospect and lucr market in recent futur ha not enough ground .