the busi of sell product is quit hard . the decis make process of the custom depend on the usag and the price of the product . so you have to be the sheapest one or you have to provid an innov . if you are not one of these you have to find a way to be notic by the custom . one possibilti is to show the custom a product which differ from the real one . the illeg tune / upgrad of advertis with non-real inform or visual part could be defin as `` lie to the custom '' , but it is a possibl to increas your current sell amout . the problem of thi differ between the advertis and the realiti is , that the custom will realiz these normal after the buy process . as a result the custom will not buy ani product of your compani in futur becaus the think that you are not provid the product which you offer in your advertis . so you are abl to increas your current sell amout by `` tune '' your advertis , but on the long run you will decreas the sell amout of all your product ( not onli the product you have commun in the advertis ) . market is becom more and more import in the busi of manag a compani . but market say , that you should have a look to the custom to find their need and to provid a product which help the custom to solv their problem . market doesent mean , that you should sell a fridg to the north pole . the import of the compani brand is increas all the time becaus the custom doesent have the time or the knowledg to evalu a product . so the custom will decid on subject criteria if he will buy a product from compani a or compani b. becaus of thi you have to take care of your advertis decis becaus they will infect the futur of your whole compani . further it is illeg to tell the custom fact which are not true . so the custom or your competitor can hire a lawyer which will be fight against you in front of a judg . thi is not realli good public relat for your compani . in my opinion you should not lie to the custom becaus thi will infect your compani neg on the long run and you are not onli respons for your margin , as well for your employe .