i disagre with the follow statement that is it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . learn mean u gain some experi that help to provid new skill for you . student to understand idea and concept is not good idea becaus come to the subject like physic and chemistri it not provid good understand and concept these subject veri difficulti to understand becaus thi subject veri vagu from ancient time . that whi student perform good at thi subject must be learn fact like must to do lab in laboratori . then onli student perform good at thi subject . we all know about thi one `` experi is learn new skill '' that mean when u got experi that help to understand idea and concepst . now a day technolog brought up new chang in our life style and thi impact deeproot in peopl use avail resourc in effect way . come the point understand idea and concept is no use with out learn fact . now a day , student in essenti element is comput it brought up consider chang in they life . when u r go to write a one comput program on paper then it understand idea and concept is veri difficulti . when same program perform in comput student can analys easili and understand idea and concept rather than write paper . when i wa in childhood my parent had a car . everi day i am go to school in car . that car drove the my father . on day iam ask to my father i want to drive car but my father not accept the drive car . becaus i dont know abou how drive at that time my father give drive manual for car drive . i am understand idea and concept on that book after i have taken chanc to drive a car but i am not perform drive . difficulti to drive read manual . final i am drove my car after a long time when i had learn experi about fact . when i wa studi in secondari schoo math is difficult subject to me . i leann fact thi subjec could easili understand now . inspit of sever demerit of thi choosen topic but the posit aspect give good outweight of choosen select mode . due to thi reason i believ that learn fact is m ore import for student .