a man goe for an interview think he is right for the job . he doe not know that onli bookish knowledg in hi relat subject will not help in get that job . neway , he goe to the interview and he is question about mani other topic in addit to hi relat field and obvious due to hi lack of knowlegd he is unabl to give the satisfactori answer to the question . thi situat would not have aris had he been an expert in other subject as well . henc i am for the topic that it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject rather than to special in one specif subject . nobodi can be perfect . learn is a process we have to undergo throughout our live . nobodi can succeed if he know onli a restrict sourc of inform . a person should henc plan what he is goin to learn dure hi core educ year which begin for most peopl at highschool and continu throughout colleg . special is not a bad activ but it is not a smart decis to special in one subject at the cost of the other . when speak in public or even when talkin amongst friend for that matter woud n't it be great if one wa fill with academ knowledg and intellectu odass ? nowaday peopl are special in more than one subject . ha anyon ever wonder whi ? all thi is be done due to a chang in think and a new approach of wider horizon and not a mental block that one should be effici onli in hi or her relat field of work . a person can grow hi worth by havin broader knowledg of variou academ subject as he will be abl to tackl practic problem face in life better hi vast sourc of inform and the larg bank of knowledg he accumul in hi learn year . the world is chang , the challeng are becom greater , cut-throat competit is take place nowaday and thu onli the best of the best can surviv in today world where peopl are contin strive to reach higher in life . all thi can be made a lot easier if a person ha a vari sourc of knowledg to bank upon and thu peopl should have a broad knowledg ofn academ subject than to special in one specef subject .