the author 's assert that - `` it is more import to understand the concept and idea rather than learn fact '' , i partial agre with the say . true understand of ani subject is to be said - when all the idea and the purpos should be clearli known but how one can impli the into practic ? for thi to be done , an individu ha to learn the fact support the idea . they work as a pack and packag to acheiv complet . an exampl which support the notion that understand give the base of ani subject which can further be expand to opt for the research in ani particular field . for-exampl one ha learn all the date and origin of ani technolog as well as how doe it work but do not know ani thing about the concept and logic regrd how it work ? then thi might not lead problem for the instanc now but later when some drawback come in the technolog and need to be modifi thi time all knowledg would appear to be mere wast . furth , while watch a televis one might not have inform about what are the characterist of a pictur tube or how the qualiti can be improv becaus we are interest in learn onli fact how to oper in order to fulfil our desir for entertain but if we understand the funtion then thi might help in improv and get more better pictur qualiti . furthermor , thi can be clearli understood by the illustr that , for a mathemat student it is necessari to understand the concept and idea relat to a topic but one can not impli those concept without learn the fact . here the fact impli to the formula which is mandatori to learn to get a solut . concept and idea sometim suffici to deal efficei with the problem but it might take longer time than employ formula which is a short-cut method to reach the answer . but sometim gap of formula can be fill from the concept but vice-versa is not true in order to make it empir . to conclud , it is true that in some way concept and idea outway the fact but the their worth can not be reduc to minim becaus fact need to strengthen the concept and idea . it actual enhanc and broden the knowledg of the subject . the two thing are like our both hand . one can not measur the signific of one over anoth .