in our societi , we can see that mani success peopl who are succeed with the come of new thing . there is one statement say that success peopl tri new thing and they take risk rather than just do what they alreadi know how to do well . i agre with thi statement . my reason are as follow . firstli , if one peopl want to be success , he must creat new idea and creat new thing in hi research field . creat new thing mean have risk at the same time . no one can predit what will happen next . we can see that the abund knowleadg we learn in univers are ordinari and need to be combin to creat someth new . if one onli do what he ha known to do well , noth new will come out . as one exampl , we all know how to use internet to commun , now we can chat through pc camera and some chat softwar , but befor , we onli could use internet to commun through forum which wa bore . the peopl who invent the softwar and the hardwar did know how to creat new thing rather than did what he had know how to do . the softwar might be at risk of let out person inform at first but it wa resolv final . then , the softwar benefit mani peopl use internet to chat . secondli , ordinari thing have no attract to the public . peopl like to accept new idea and someth strang to peopl 's everyday life . success peopl tend to make new thing to enrich peopl 's life and at the same time , they like to take the risk . if they just do what they have known to do well like most of the ordinari peopl , they can not succeed . in histori , there were mani scientist who had denot their live to some scientif experi . their goal were to invent someth new to our societi and made them benefit for peopl . what is more , the confid of take risk for someth demonstr one 's abil which is better than ordinari peopl . not mani peopl want to take risk for someth . so , that is whi some scientist succeed . we should increac the confid to take risk for new thing in order to creat new thing for our societi . so in all , in my opinion , success peopl will succeed when they tri someth new but not to do what they had known to do well . if one want to succeed , the abil and braviat of tri new thing and take risk is necessari .