quit often manag guru thrust an age old aphor , `` it 's better to be a jack of all trade , than a master of one '' . ofcours , special is inde benefici , howev , what 's need to succeed in thi cut-throat competit world is not just depth but breadth of knowledg . from my perspect , a broader knowledg base of mani subject is what i call for and agre with the statement . if seen in the corpor context , a typic manag is requir to know not just about hi immedi area of interest or work , but also about the work assign to colleagu and sub-ordin alik . for exampl , a build contractor , today is not just respons for overse the construct part but also variou other aspect such as deal with artisan , wood craftsmen , mason , architect and mani other such peopl , so as to accomplish the set goal wihin the stipul timefram . moreov , today student at school are taught how to balanc their academ and co-curricular activ . whi ? becaus , thi inevit involv growth and develop and better and broader learn opportun . gone are the time , when parent insit their kid on becom a gynaecologist or a paediatrist or an optometrist and start groom them at a veri young age . medic school today churn out more gener physician than cardiologist and expert in other medic field . admittedli , special in such field in the form of master is inde imper , howev , that happen mostli for a purpos of a job or a career to start with . furthermor , as peopl grow , learn and develop , a varieti of skill will be need to cope with abund and rapidli chang knowledeg and inform , especi in thi inform age . a broader skill base , is what even profession organ ask for . for them , it 's all a win-win situat in term of more skill , respons and work load in the same cost as for a special person . a ceo or an entrepreneur would n't have been what they are if they concentr just on their area of expertis . they are master strategist , skill in variou busi aspect - financ , account , engin , gener manag ( a cours quit popular in b-school ) . in sum , a gener perspect and view of thing and subject is requir in current scenario . peopl with broad knowledg are more like to succeed than the one with a special .