thi essay refer to the question whether advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . i agre with the statement that advertis make product seem much better than they realli are becaus of the follow reason : the first reason is that advertis show onli the advantag of the product and ignor the disadvantag . you do not get complet inform about the product , about special condit and tariff and about the possibl of use . veri often you realiz the disadvantag of the product after the act of purchas and you are disappoint that you can not use the product in the way you plan it . the second reason is that advertis make you think that the advertis product is the best product you can have in thi area or subject . but you do not know if thi is the truth becaus the advertis doe not show you a comparison of price and featur of the advertis product and the competitor 's product . the aim of advertis is to make you buy product without think and without compar featur and price . in my opinion , thi aim and thi way to sell product violat the principl of self-determin and is moral wrong . the third reason is that advertis give you sometim the feel that you uncondit need the product which the advertis is for - even if you have never thought of thi product befor and you do not realli need it . the advertis can produc strong wish to buy thing , but peopl are not awar that their wish ist caus by advertismenet . the advertis tri by thi method to increas consum and profit for the produc compani , but veri often you make unnecessari purchas and expenditur becaus you use the advertis product onli onc . the last reason whi i think that advertis make product seem much better than they realli are is that they are often adress to children . children mostli do not understand the valu of money and do not think about the qualiti of an advertis product . they just want to have it and ask their parent for thi product as long as the parent decid to buy it . in mani case the parent do not spend ani thought about qualiti and price becaus they want to make their children happi and accept in the commun of other children . so it is much easier to sell product with low qualiti if you adress children with the right advertis . so in conclus i believ becaus of the mention reason that advertis make product seem much better and use than they realli are .