take a journey as a way to relax is veri popular among modern peopl . some peopl like to travel by themselv without a tour guid , they think that it is more quiet and peac . as for me , i prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guid . but i disagre with consid it as a best way to travel . first , most of peopl are not familiar with the place where they are go to travel . in some scenario , it may veri danger to travel . for exampl , if you travel alon in a forest where the modern technolog can not be use to commun with outsid world . imagin if you miss your way in the forest , meet some danger anim or get injur by accid , how would you continu you travel . in thi situat , it is imposs for you to enjoy the pleasur of travel . but if you travel in a group led by a tour guid . your friend can help you if there is realli some bad thing happen . and sinc there is a tour guid , the opportun of occur some bad thing may decreas . so you can total enjoy your travel without alway wor about all kind of situat . second , common sens tell us that human be are social anim . so for most of peopl , they can get more pleasur by travel in a group than by travel alon . imagin , you and your friend in a travel , you can talk some funni thing , you can share some feel , or play card with your friend . peopl in group will make you travel more interest , you have more thing to do . howev , if you travel alon without a tour guid , you are been depriv of the pleasur of commun with your friend . howev , i disagre with the claim that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . becaus the modern societi provid us mani opportun to choos . some peopl can choos to travel by other way by their own option . but i recommend them to prepar enough and gather materi about their travel rout care to resist potenti danger event that may happen to them . so , gener , i prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guid as a veri good way . sinc , you may get more pleasur . and the travel are safer to you . but i think that travel in other way is still a good way to some peopl by prepar well .