i disagre with the statement that it is better to have knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . today due to vast expans of infrastructur and man power , special on a particular subject would lead to a posit and creativ solut . the globalis which is rapidli grow across the globe requir total refin finish product unlik expect for convent product in the primit time . thi statement can be clearli explain with the help of an exampl , let take civilengin into account , civil engin is an unis of 6 area of special name foundat engin , structur engin , environment engin , construct plan and manag , water resourc engin and transport engin . if we tri to gain a broad knowledg of all these subject it would be difficult for an engin or a research in these field to deliv a refin design which would suit the present trend . thi is becaus all the field of specialis mention abov are entir differ from each other . the foundat engin deal with foundat design , structur engin deal with the super structur design and in thi way each ha it own entiti , so a good engin have a sound knowledg in ani one area can excel in that field and would be abl to deliv all the requir need in that specif field . take highway engin into consider , it total distinct from other field as it deal with pavement design and harbour design . henc for an effici engin or a research in thi field would be abl to deriv better design from the knowledg he gain through thi special field . in the similar way an environmentalist could give proper suggest on air , water and marin pollut more effect than a person have a broad knowledg in thi field . the branch of civil engin is just an exampl to explain whi gain knowledg in a particular special is need rather than gain broader knowledg in all the field . the strong belief which is come from our primit age that , it better to concentr on one particular thing rather than put hand in variou field in order to get posit result . thi conceptu belief prove that `` old is gold '' and is veri much applic in the present scenario as each and everi individu is aim for an accur result in all the field . thi belief can also be explain by a concept call `` six sigma '' , thi concept is use in firm which produc good of variou kind , the accuraci level achiev through thi concept is that onli one part produc is proven to be defect in 1 million part produc . thi accuraci level is achiev through rigor research and effort made by technologist in thi particular field . henc i strongli believ and person commit to the comment that have special in a particular subject fetch excel and innov result rather than gain broad knowledg of mani academ subject .