i have grown up with the express `` boy be ambiti ! '' . i have heard it from my parent and from my teacher who alway put the emphasi on studi hard to lead our nation . thi is probabl limit to korean social situat but thi make student focu on just their studi not on help the commun or els . first of all , student in their teen which mostli consist of middl and high school student do not and can not ( due to the limit time frame ) pay much attent to the commun . lack of inform precipit the problem further . if they were inform about how life is go at other side of the world , they would have care a littl more . but there are parent who alway say to their children there is onli one thing they have to care about , that 's studi and get to the prestigi univers . even when i wa a high school student i did n't know what wa come and go in my town area . even when i becam an adult i did n't know how to particip in the commun affair . these all come from the dearth of attent and care . second , unlik the system of the unti sate , we here in korea do n't have ani specifi rule or encourag to make youth particip in the work of commun . for exampl , student in the unit sate activ take part in the affair outsid of the school for the persuit of get hands-on experi befor they actual embark on land on job themselv . thi is facili by the whole atmospeher of the school student , the reason lie in the system of select student on the basi of egag of social activ or voluntari work . howev , we in korea can not see ani benefit or incent come from be involv in affair outsid of their school carriculum . third , the atittud and the atmospher that the student have learn through their school year which amount to a total of 10 year or 14 year if you includ univers educ provid the basi for the rest of their life and peopl still keep their old habit . it is fairli imposs for peopl to join the commun suddenli and help the commun get go . even i myself who never join the commuiti activ befor do n't know how to get the inform and where to look for the area that might need help or even where to start even if i serious want to engag in a commun work . in conclus , lack of time through their school year and lack of incent by the their target univers and lastli ongo habit of not be involv in a social affair prevent young peopl of modern time from activ take part in the commun servic . start from now , it might be help to encourag those young blood to care more about the commun they are live in and make it a better place .