human kind alway need idea , concept and fact to reach good life satandard , therefor understand them is a veri import respect for human life . everyon ha differ point of view about the idea of concept , idea and fact . some assum that it is more import for student to understand idea and concepst in , contrari to those , some think that learn fact is more import than understand them . i person agre with the second idea becaus of some reason . i think fact are basic thing to understand thing and they are both real and nondeb thing . first of all , fact are inform which peopl should leran to reach a thought . if a person doe not have ani inform about a topic he or she can not say ani thing about the topic . for exampl a student is requir to say hi or her thought by hi or her teacher about a school lesson first he or she must read and search about the topic and must get inform about lesson to have ani idea about it . fact are real thing . they are basic of thought . we can not creat and idea or concept without learn them . so fact must be teach the student in school . in addit to thi , fact are real thing which make us more intellig and add us extra knowledg . so we should teach them to our children befor they gain abil to understand idea and concept . by that way ever thing may be more clear for them . they will not face ani problem while establish an idea or concept . owner of idea must know about fact too . at last but not least , as i talk about a littl befor fact are real inform which have no doubt . so we can not discuss about fact but idea and concept are special for peopl they can be debat becaus of thi reason . so to not confus children mind , teacher should talk about fact and they should teach fact to them . for exampl 2 adn 2 is 4 it is a well known fact and veri clear for everi one but an idea of a someon els may not be clear for everi one . all peopl may not be agre about the idea of a person . it is a veri natur situat i think . so that show what import is the teach of fact . all in all , as i said befor , learn about fact is more import becaus of both be basic thing and also real thing as well as no one ha a chanc to debat a fact . the long and the short of it is that it is more import for student to learn fact than understand idea and concept .