in my opnion , the number of car that are in use today will not be reduc in the next twenti year . in fact , i feel the number of car will increas in the come year . i agre with the statment becaus of some valid reason which are state below . firstli , if we look at other mode of transport avail to gener public , there is no other mode of transportaion which is so much comfort and independ . one can finsh so mani daili activ and save time by have a car . travel by train is not an easi task dure peak offic hour and if one is littl late to the railway station , he or she miss the train and ha no other option than to wait for sometim to catch anoth train . thi ha so mani other implciat on that person daili routin . secondli , the price of car are go down daili . thi ha made car easili access to the middl class famili also . they can plane to a get a small car which fit there budget and satisfi there daili need . for exampl , a four seater car in indian market is avail for 2 lakh , which is veri less as compar to the price of the same car few year back . thridli , there are mani activ in daili life which have been directli relat to car . for exampl , imag a person go on a date for the first time . these coupl will not prefer to go in a public bu . they will prefer to go in the car . other exampl can be , normal mode of transort all not access at all the place . so , in order to reach some remot place , one ha no other option then to go by car . there mani other activ like go for a dinner with famili , which can be easliy manag by have a car . there are some major issu becaus of increas number of car on the road . one of them is increas in pollut level in the atmospher . thi can lead to so mani injuri diseas like lung cancer . but i feel , govert can plan some other way to check and control the pollut level . in my view thi can be check by make law relat to vehicl pollut more strict and punish . so , in my opnion the use of car will increas in the come year becaus in present world have a car is not a luxori but a neccess .