conflict between gener have been aroud for centuri and still gener much debat . older gener often disapprov of the behaviour of young peopl , and thi disapprov is obviou in the way that we understand young peopl 's commit to their commun . although i acknowledg the gener contribut of some young peopl in help their commun , i agre with the statement that `` young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun '' . in the last three year , i have volunt as a tutor for children from disadvantag background and for variou job at univers . i feel that it is veri import to help one 's commun , but when i tri to think of exampl of such generos in my fellow student and in younger peopl , i struggl to find two exampl . i onli need to look at the employ websit of my univers to see that the voluntari job be advertis are not popular ; the websit count the number of time that a page is seen and that number is particularli low for voluntari activ . if we forget about volunt and think of help one 's commun as just spend time with that commun and take part in it activ , one will still find that young peopl are rather absent . life ha becom a veri privat enterpris now . the advent and the popular of video game , the internet and mobil phone show that it is now possibl to enjoy oneself without leav a room . it is possibl to be part of a virtual commun ( in chat room for instanc ) without have to spend ani time with the local commun . thi privat of entertain and of life in gener mean that young peopl seem much less concern about their direct commun and are more focus on themselv . most teenag are rather self-absorb and forget about the commun around them . for instanc , my sister is often more concern about the outfit that she is go to wear the next day than about sick member of the famili . she feel that she doe not have ani time to spend with my grandmoth , so absorb is she in her fashion concern . in a way , young peopl are involv in anoth commun . it seem that commun have becom much bigger in the last centuri . while a few decad ago event happen at a local and commun level , the develop of inform and commun ha led to an enlarg from a villag commun to a world commun . in the 1900 , peopl would listen to the news of their commun , of their villag , and mayb of the nearest town , but today we learn about the world on the news . although young peopl might be part of that commun , there is still littl sign of them truli help in that commun . i therefor do agre that young peopl do not spend enough time help their commun . howev , they should not necessarili be blame for thi ; we just need to give them a sens of commun to make them want to particip in that commun ; it is up to parent and to the educ system to achiev thi for a better world .