the main issu graduat student face just after their studi is the choic between gain a more broad view of the busi world or special in a particular field with academ studi . the real problem is that in the real busi world we must be readi to face differ choic , and we need a broad knowledg of mani differ subject . therefor , gain experi and knowledg on differ field by studi differ subject and work for differ compani can give a competit advantag , that can be describ as flexibl . the second solut , on the other hand , is import becaus a deep knowledg of a particular subject can result in a competit advantag as well , that can be describ as non-sostitut . both argument seem to be contradictori , but taken togeth can result in greater opportun in the the corpor world . i would say that essenti both are relev : a worker with a veri broad knowledg of mani differ subject will find sever opportun in mani compani , but his/her limit specif knowledg on a particular matter may result in be overcom by more skill colleagu . a special worker can be consid as an asset , but as his/her special goe out of busi , the worker will not be abl to suit new role . thi can be consid as a lock-in effect . let 's consid , as an exampl , the internet era : with the new e-commerc some manag with a broad knowledg of differ field could exploit that opportun , result in success strateg choic . veri skill manag with a veri focus knowledg , let 's say just on a standard pipe line , could not exploit the internet era opportun due to the fact they were miss some crucial skill . at the same time , a veri special worker like an electr engin will have an advantag when hi skill are particularli request in a particular sector . with the internet era , a lot of comput engin found sever opportun . in conclus , i think that in order to be a skill and success worker , a person should have a broad knowledg basi on mani differ academ subject , and a special in the particular field where he/sh is interest in work in .