over the time , technolog ha alway tend to improv . it is human natur to improv and becom better . even the greek believ that ; as an exampl , chrono , cut hi father uranu genit ; the son would alway defeat hi father in some sort of way . car present to societi as an issu to be discuss . in fact , car have been discuss alreadi and are chang as i am write . differ asian compani such as honda , or nissan have alreadi develop a hybrid car . thi car is base on a mixtur of electr power and fossil fuel or commonli known as ga . thi onli repres a chang along the car product and not just on the industri as a whole . howev , thi repres the begin of the car death . technolog ha chang massiv over time . type writter have been replac by comput , in a matter of 30 year . comput would also be replac in some sort of way in the futur . car would also be replac by differ method of transport that are more friendli to our globe . the earth is everyon hous and therefor it must be clean and taken care of . car repres a threat for thi and therefor they will dissapear . it is onli a matter of time . peopl are start to be more concern about the enviro . final some common sens is shown by the popul of the world when a newspap show that the ozon layer had increas it area over the last year . thi news would follow the partial abolish of car as a way of transport . countri like switzerland , use electr buse show concern about it . car howev , would not be abl to dissapear total . there would alway be someon who would have a car . howev , the rate of car per countri would massiv decreas dure the next 20 year . again the compani state abov are alreadi think about diversif and even massiv produc of car such as ford or gener motor are make huge amount of loss for thi last quartil . it should therefor be conclud , that it is onli a matter of time for car to decreas in number . the enviro would final take over car pollut over the next year . countri would also agre and help citizen improv method of transport and new compani would come out with new good that would substitut car .