with the rapid growth of our civil , more and more peopl start pay attent to enjoy their live . inde , with the pass of time , the mean of life start to chang . mani peopl realiz that health is not equal to wealth . moreov , we are stand on the crossroad . in thi turn point , young peopl enjoy life more than old peolp do becaus young peopl intend to do a variti of sport , experi less pressur from the societi , and obtain the tendenc to tri someth new . it is no doubt that mani sport are for young peopl . with the upcom of beij olymp 2008 , mani sport are introduc at the same time . my daili exper is a good exampl of thi , i went to ski last month in vancouv . when i wa stand on the top of the mountain , i rare see ani older peopl around . in fact , it is estim that there are more than 500 uniqu sport in the world . therefor , there are so mani sport for young peopl to attand today ; howev , at the same time , there are so few sport for old peopl to attend . perhap the onli sport i can think of is yoga . to be brief , when do a sport , young peopl have more choic than older peopl do . besid , young peopl have less pressur from the societi . in thi comptet societi , all the parent in the world intend to keep their children from danger . on the other hand , some of the parent are tri realli hard make money so that they would have a better life after the retir . convers , mani young peopl think they have grown up . moreov , they do not feel the pressur from the societi . therefor , they intend to enjoy their life more than their parent do . moreov , young peopl have the tendenc to tri someth new than old peopl . there is a sport call `` ultim jump '' . young peopl need to jump from a mountain or someplac veri high with a rop tie on their feet . i have a friend call jimmi . he is crazi about thi kind of sport , and he wa extrem happi after he jump becaus it give him a chanc to relax . therefor , young peopl intend to tri someth new to enjoy their life . with all the aspect consid abov , young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . in my opinion , young peopl think better than older peopl do becaus they know that health is import than wealth .