whi doe a person acquir knowledg ? i would say , so that it can be use in live a better life , and if possibl make that possibl for other as well . which , then take us to the question of which is better , a generalist or specif . i think the answer is , a mix of both . it is realli veri difficult not to grow up acquir a broad knowledg or understand of variou academ disciplin as we move up through school and colleg . we do end up studi differ subject and that is good as it make us awar of a whole lot of basic inform etc. about so mani field of studi that have close bear on our live . it is also thi stage that prepar us toward understand what these variou subject deal with and consequ which we find ourselv interest in . so , some amount of broad broad knowledg is gener built in to our academ . howev , specialis in a particular subject also invari happen at a later stage in colleg or univers . i think that in the world we are live in , it is more and more becom essenti to specialis in a subject so that you have market for your skill in the job market . with the current level of specialis that the advanc in scienc and technolog ha brought about in our work live , it is nearli imposs to be veri good at two thing . not onli have you to chose earli in life whether you want to studi medicin , engin or music but you have to decid soon enough in your chosen stream what specialis you are interest in . if we take the exampl of the field of midicin , till two or three decad back , major of the doctor start practic as a generalist after an mbb degre . the one who did go for a specialis would gener chose from be a physician or a surgeon or gynaecologist and less then a dozen other specialist . but today world of medicin ha more than a dozen specialist each for phisician and surgeon . to conclud , i would say that the world today belong majorli to a specialist and henc the import of specialis and in fact super specialis in a subject . we howev , should also realis the import of have peopl with broad knowldeg of thing amonst us to fill in key place .