compani spend a consider amount of money in market of their product . the princip aim of these market campaign is to increas sale of their product . a secondari desir effect is to strengthen the imag of the compani and of the product . consum choic are often base on brand prestig . in view of these goal , it goe without say that compani regularli tri to make their product as attract as possibl . to name just a few recent exampl , we may think about airbu 380 , soni laptop and amd processor . airbu present their new airplan in a veri glamer way , highlight the except comfort , high speed and low fuel consumpt . recent we learnt that they knew about mani major problem , in particular the wire problem . of cours they did n't mention such problem in advertis spot nor will they ever do . they had to admit the problem becaus they were unabl to deliv the aircraft in time . moreov for the stock market they have to provid some inform regularli to their share holder . but even then they did not realli tell the truth . anoth exampl is soni . they are produc of power suppli for laptop . they recent found out that batteri may explod caus damag to object and injuri to person which are close to such notebook . even if they now offer to exchang all the batteri , it do not expect them to mention thi in tv advertis spot . the stori of amd is somewhat differ , becaus their product is work as you may reason expect from the tv spot . the newest processor are much faster and cheaper than the one of previou gener . so where is the flaw in thi case ? the flaw is somewhat more subtl : they onc compar their product with the one of their strongest competitor and show their superior in term of process power and power consumpt . meanwhil in recent advertis they do not mention that intel ha now the better processor . so they deliber omit that their product are now inferior in mani aspect . their are mani more exampl of the style `` by my product and you will be successful '' . what successful is depend on the product , but mani time one can spot admir or other posit feadback from friend and envi from competitor . consequ these exampl give evid that compani are unwil to disclos their weak in advertis .