mani peopl prefer to travel in group led by a tour guid , and other peopl prefer to travel individu . there are mani advanatg for both method that i have to take in consider when i plan to travel and especi when i plan to make a tourist tour to a certain countri . on one hand when i travel with a group led by a tour guid , i am limit with the place indic by the tour guid . howev , if i travel individu i can make my own plan and i can go ani where i want to visit . moreov , i am not onli limit with the place but also with the time that the tour guid indic to stay in one place . if i travel individu , i can spend more time in one place that i like more than other place . on the other hand , travel with a group led by a tour guid will be more organ . therefor , regard the schedul of the trip , the tour guid will make a plan in order to visit the maximum number of place in the countri . howev , if i am alon , i might miss some import place to visit . also , the tour guid might provid me lot of inform about ani tourist site , while i can not get these inform from ani other sourc dure the trip . in the meantim , dure a trip with a group . i might take advantag of make some relationship and make some friend . furthermor , it will be a good opportun to interact with peopl from differ nation and differ cultur . so i will be abl to practic my languag with them and we might go out and have fun togeth dure the free time . howev , if i travel alon , it will be a good chanc to relax and have some silent moment with myself . sometim , i need calm after long period of work hard . for exampl , i will choos to spend some time on the beach , look at the sea and enjoy the sound of the wave and the weather , thi is a reliev for my stress . give the advantag of boyh method , i beliv that when i go for a trip , i should organ the time in such a way that dure some day i have to join a group with a tour guid and some day i will need to stay alon . therefor , i will get doubl benefit from my trip : relax and expand my knowledg about the countri i visit .