i agre with the fact than advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . to begin with , advertis do n't show real life . they show a world creat around the product they advertis for , where it is vital . they show a world where everybodi is in need of the product , and ha no other altern than use it - they are quit happi with that , by the way . in the real world , custom have choic , most of them perhap do n't need the product , they have altern . furthermor , everyth is clean in an ad . even in advertis for hoover , the dust seem to be just put down there , and goe with one use of the hoover . thi make the product look better by comparison with the environ it is present in : peopl think if they get the product , their live will be cleaner and easier . then , in an advertis , everyth is present to attract peopl . when a demonstr is need , as for medic for exampl , the product act fast and effici . the demonstr itself is made with color draw or anim . the product of cours never crash down , or is never use in a way where it would n't work as well as in the best condit . thi also make peopl think it will be easi to use the product , the effect occur as fast and effect as a big color arrow wipe the problem off . final , advertis are made to make a product look better . it is their purpos to make peopl buy it . and as there are in most of the case mani concurr , and few realli revolutionari product , you have to enhanc what is good in a product . thi is not recent . just go back to the middle-ag , herald were use to sing and tell the capac and act of their master . they alway made them look better than what they realli were . most religion do as well promis better than what they can be sure to give . for as long as human have exist , if one want to sell a product , one had to make it look better than what it realli wa . it is then normal to suppos modern compani sell modern product just do the same . to conclud , it is true advertis make product look better than what they are . but there are no lie in them , just a littl more than truth !