advertis are everywher : in the street , at work , at home on tv and on the radio . they intend to make product seem good and cajol the consum into buy their product . howev sometim advertis make product seem much better than they realli are and betray the consum . first , one should not forget that the purpos of an advertis is to show the bright side and the advantag of a product . for instanc a car compani will show in it advertis how fast it car is or how safe it is . howev the advertis will not mention intent the drawback of the product . the fact that thi last propos would sound ridicul to anybodi highlight the fact that we are all awar of the purpos of an advertis . therefor if one advertis insist on the veloc of a car it may not speak about safeti becaus thi is not a import characteristc of the car . it then appear that most advertis doe not lie , howev they onli show the high skill or advantag of the product and sometim it can make the product seem much better than it realli is if the consum doe not consid the possibiliy of drawback . moreov , some advertis do not onli lack inform on possibl default of the product , but they intend to make the consum forget all those default by emphas so much on the qualiti of the product . there are mani way to hypnotis the consum . for instanc some advertis would repeat an incred larg number of time the same moto , which gener say `` thi product is the best '' or `` you ca n't be happi without thi product '' . thi is nearli lie sinc they the compani gener can not prove it product is the best , mayb the more sold but not the best . a lot of advertis for clean product are base on thi principl . they compar the effici of their product with an `` unknown '' product , but we no noth of thi `` unknown '' product . thu in thi case it is not difficult to be the best . in conlcus , a lot of advertis take advantag of the consum ' naiv belief and make product seem much better than they realli are . their purpos in thi case is not onli to show the good aspect of one product but to incit the consum to buy one product he doe not need or he doe not know about .