i do not agre with thi statement . broad knowledg of a specif subject might not be enough to solv all the problem and answer all the question about the issu concern thi subject . so we would definetli need expert of certain subject to solv our problem in relat area . we , human be , develop a lot and we know much more than we can handl . there is so much to learn . individu can have enough time onli to master a certain subject sinc read and experi would take a life time . it is better to concentr on one thing so that you can be rate as an expert and have a good profession life . there are more than 6 billion peopl on earth and peopl are becom more and more educ . so there is so much competit in academ and profession arena . to be abl to leav other behind , you need to excel in what you do . let me give you a few specif exampl . i am a comput engin and i could have been either a hardwar orient person or a softwar engin . i had to make that choic and concentr becaus both area are vast and i can have enough time onli for one of them to learn and master it . so i chose softwar engin . in thi way , i can sell myself as an expert on softwar area and have a promis profession life . becaus , compain requir specif knowledg about mani softwar product . so i would need to spend a lot of time for exampl , on a program languag and learn it to the best of my abil . thi would be possibl when i spent enough time on it and thi becom true if i tri to specialis on softwar engin by not tri to know everyth . of cours , i should have broad understand of other area like , differ program languag or even basic understand of hardwar but that is just to make my life easier not to sell my servic as an expert of everyth about comput . first of all , nobodi would believ me sinc it is imposs to know everyth . anoth advantag of be a specialist is the fact that you can not be replac easili sinc there will not be mani expert in your area depend on what you do . for exampl my posit in my current project is quit secur although mani lay-off are go on sinc there is not anyon to replac me . so specialis secur you a good place in societi and in your profession life . today the world is demand . we are abl to live on the moon even . so we progress fast . we know much more than we use to do and thi mean that our brain have much smaller capac than what is there to store and comprehend . thi forc me to recommend specialis as a philosophi . i think thi is a must nowaday . .. otherwis , as individu we may not be abl to contribut to the societi enough .