nowaday the burden place on the youth is inde much heavier than that on the previou gener . howev , i disagre with the statement . in my opinion , the young peopl , at least in singapor where i am current studi , do contribut to their commun with great passion and enthusiasm . first of all , the youth 's passion to serv the commun can be evid in the larg number of voluntari activ they are involv in . almost everi secondari or high school student particip in commun servic on a regular basi . they either go to the commun librari to do clean-up and shelv , or they go to the `` old folk home '' to interact with the old peopl there and ensur these peopl have fun and joy . the music group in some school may also organis concert for the public , and donat the profit made to chariti organis . the regular involv of the youth in voluntari commun servic undoubtedli demonst their enthusiasm and effort in help their coummun . more importantli , the govern also place a great emphasis in ensur the young peopl to give suffici time to help their commun . the ministri of educ introduc the `` commun involv programm '' ( short-term cip ) , where student must contribut to their commun in some form , and the time of their contribut is report by the relat organis . thi time , known as `` cip hour '' , is an import element in the assess of a student . if one doe not fulfil the minimun requir of cip hour , he may not be admit by a good high school or colleg . thi educ polici ensur that the young peopl contribut enough time to help their commun . furthermor , the effort of school and societi is also crucial in make sure that the youth contribut enough to the commun . in school , desir social valu such as care for those in need are taught to student so that they can becom better citizen . teacher encourag and guid student to carri out servic learn project , in which they either serv a particular group of peopl as mention earlier , or they can rais fund for chariti organis . some compani facilit these servic learn project by provid initi fund and organis competit . for instanc , one compani , `` ie singapor '' , organis a competiton in which they provid 1000 dollar initi fund to each particip group . these group are suppos to use the fund and come out with a creativ way to rais more money for chariti organis . the group rais the greatest sum win . person i particip in thi competit last year . we use the fund to buy raw materi and made them into differ shape of balloon . it selt well and after 4 month of hard work , we were abl to rais over 90000 dollar fund . we donat the money to children 's cancer foundat . in conclus , nowaday young peopl are have great academ burden and more demand requir , but their effort to help the commun is not sacrif . they devot enough time in coummun servic in voluntari activ , under the educ polici of the govern , and as inspir by school and societi .