parti go , loud , naughti , nasti fast driver , rule breaker . .. these are some qualiti that peopl accross nation , countir and commun associ youngster with . they alway think that it is them , who are the black sheep . they never look at the other side , thi energet group ha to offer . agre that they take a lot of thing lightli , but when it come to extend a help hand toward commun work , i strongli feel that they are the first one to pitch in . there are mani exampl where young peopl have work togeth in harmoni to achiev result that were surpris . craig keilburg , matt johnson are two vivid and huge exampl . `` kid can help the children '' , that what craig keilburg thought . he start campaign in the unit state at an earli age of 15 . he want young peopl to come togeth , to share idea and resourc to reach one goal , that they all share - ` make the children strong , for tomorrow they make the world strong ' . hi work start from hi neighborhood in a small town in new york . he and hi friend start by collect old cloth , toy , book and even save a part of their pocket money . onc the collect wa suffici they would go out and distribut it among the needi and the desper . he gain recognit and fund start to pour in , help him expand hi work from hi neighborhood to the nation and final to the entir globe . hi foundat now consist of thousand of `` young '' member who constantli work togeth . thank to them , thousand of children accross the globe now have food to eat and school to attend . craig is an exampl to big to believ ? wait until you hear about matt johnson . the johnson live in a slum in a chicago suburb that wa famou for it notori crack deal . the policemen , the fire depart , and even the medic emerg staff kept away from it . it all start when daphn , matt 's friend got hit by a basebal dure play . the ball hit her eye and wa bleed badli . they call 911 , but no help arriv and eventu she lost her eye . thi anger matt to the limit . the next day onward he start from the basic thing like clean up hi neghborhood , hi friend join him and they work until they clear all the bad notion that peopl had about their commun . to sum it up , i think it would be veri unfair on anyon 's part to say that youngster do not help in commun work . i think that peopl must recogn their effort and appreci it .