speacial in one specif subject , is much more effect than have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject . in the earli year there were n't lot of scientist and doctor . if i wa at that time i would have chosen to have a broad knowledg oppos to have one specif subject to spealiz in . yet , these day educ is improv and there is compet between peopl . therefor , i would rather speacial in one area inord to ` shine ' and be known for my uniq in thi area . in the past year there would be one doctor whom you went to , it didnt matter what you were feel , whether it wa a pain in your stomach or or a problem with your eye sight you still went to ` the doctor ' . nowaday , doctor are more an more speacial . even pediatrit are now more speacil where each doctor is concern about one part of the human bodi . furthermor , have a look at teacher . in primay school we usual had a class teacher which taught us all subject . english , math , scienc and the rest of the subject . yet , when we move to high school we start realiz that teacher were to a greater sens more speacal , we had a teacher for each subject . not onli that but take scienc as an exampl , not onli did we have a teacher for scienc , but we had a differ teacher for physic , biolog and chemistri . move on to univers we start choos our major . take buis for exampl . you speacil in major and you find the differ smaller topic in buis , which show you how speacil it is . what i am tri to prove here , is that thi decsion is alreadi made , no one is abl to take lot of subject and not speacliz in one major . you onli have the opportuinti to choos one major , and sometim you are abl to choos a doubl major , sinc some subject are relat to each other , like busi and account . by speacil in one subject , you find it easier to find a job after univers , and when you start work it motiv and self - fullfil to feel that you know your major well , and thi make you like your job and appreci it . thi is whi it is veri import to choos your major care , sinc thi will be the subject you will speacil in and live with . it is possibl to chang your career but i feel it a shame to wast all these year of studi and start from the begin