histor , peopl have aquir knowledg in a broad gener way while they are young and are grow up , and that knowledg usual narrow down to someth more specif when high school end and colleg begin . some peopl think it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject while other peopl believ that one should special in one specif subject . in my view , attain knowledg of variou academ subject make for a more dispers and unfocus way of life . firstli , learn about mani thing is someth that come natur in life . as we live our everi day experi we learn differ thing , but in contrast , what we choos to follow as a career should be the uniqu subject that interest us the most to a point of dedic a great part of our live to it . dure our academ year where we learn about a trade or a specif way someth is done which we will then appli in real life to better our way of live , get the thing we want for ourselv or creat new system for the futur in the societi we live in , we should strictli stick to one subject with it adjac issu and not to mani academ subject that would make us loos focu and in the end not relat to anyth at all . secondli , learn about onli one subject will make us waist a lot less energi , thu make us advanc at a quicker pace toward our goal and not make us loos interest on the way . moreov , there are veri few peopl in histori who have dedic their live to mani thing , like for exampl leonardo da vinci , who wa an overal inventor , artist , investig and doctor , but we can also say that he wa realli a eye-open in a time where peopl need to know and discov mani thing about the world they live in . nowaday , with the internet and what ha becom a visual era where the sens are constantli bombard with inform about our environ and the world we live in , the more import it is that we stey focus on one thing at a time instead of mani . in conclus , i think it is much better to special in one specif academ subject than mani differ one becaus it make one concentr more on what is person import and therefor let one view what is around in a differ and better way .