obvious , it ca n't be deni that most advertis tri to insist on the qualiti of the advertis product , and cautious hide their dark side . as a result , the consumm , who are the target of the advertis , may think that the qualiti of the product are better than they are actual . the veri first reason support my point of view would be that i can bare imagin anoth goal for advertis than highlight the qualiti of the present product . and to do so , magnifi the great of your product is an appropri way . for instanc , i can rememb an advertis for a wash powder which pretend to make your cloth ` whiter than whiter ' . that may sound a littl bit ridicul , but that 's part of the deal as far as we talk about advertis . anoth reason explain that behaviour can , most probabl , be found in the grow competit on consumer-good market . the market theori teach us that if you want to overcom your oppon , you have to choos between two strategi : you can either improv your product , or you can advertis it in the proper way . for some categori of product , onli that last strategi is avail : for exampl , as comput from variou brand are all made with the same compon , one of the onli way to distinguish yourself is to advertis your product properli . but , on second thought , we may challeng our posit in some way as it is to be notic that , on some occas , advertis doe n't make product better than they are in real . first , the law gener prohibit advertis that would pure and mere lie about the properti of the good you sell . thi limit greatli the possibl for advertis to make product better on screen than in real life . second , you ca n't exclud the possibl of have such a great product that it would be total useless to exagger it faculti in an advertis . final , and that may sound paradox , some adverstis seem to minim the present product . the idea is to teas the consum who is surpris becaus of such a strang messag . we can quot the exampl of the british car brand bleinheim which present their luxuri car in a pretti poor way .