do you agre ? young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . differ peopl would have differ choic . those who support thi point hold the opinion that young peopl virtual have much more pattern to have fun . other who oppos the point , on the contrast , argu that the old peopl have more spare time enjoy their live . as far as i am concern , i liter can not agre more with thi opinion , and i will reason and provid concret evid to support my viewpoint as follow . the first plaint truth , i am present here , is that morden technolog provid more opportun for young peopl to enjoy life . unfortunatli , older peopl can use some up-to-d mechin , such as comput . comput is one of the key word of our time . we make use of it not onli on the work , but also in our person life . take me as an exampl , i liter enjoy surf on line to find fun . i chat with my friend on the internet , and by the object i like on line . what 's more , my favor , i play game on line with peopl all aroud the world . that 's cool ! but my grandpa , who ca n't use the comput , onli watch tv at home for fun . what a piti . furtermor , the young peopl often sake for some risk activ to colour their live . for instanc , my brother ralli enjoy clime mountin with hi friend . it 's so dangrou to climb an vergin mountin , but he think it can tap hi potent , so he like it . but my parent onli like the nomal activ , such as play tenni . last but not least , young peopl know well about how to relax themsevl from the pressur . all the older peopl know is to work harder and harder to accomplish their job . due to the heavi load of the work , they suffer serious physic ailment , it is not worthi to do so . look at the young , they know how to relax and how to work effient . just as what i present abov , they surf on lin and take some risk activ to relax themselv and then go back to work . they find the relaxit realli instrument to their job . obviousiy , the most strink conclus is that young peopl enjoy more than older peopl do , and i can not agre with it more .