no one can deni that in twenti year whether there will be fewer car in use than there are today is a hot issu which is much talk about not onli by young peopl , but also by peopl across the world . obvious is that there is no absolut agreement on thi . as far as i am concern , i am fulli convinc that fewer car will be use in twenti year after take all factor into consider . first and foremost , the main reason is that the technolog is advanc at an amaz rate in contempori societi . therefor , it is probabl that an innov invent of the transpot would occur . let us see what transpot we alreadi have . bike car , train , and even plane . they both are the great invent which bring larg conveni to our societi . sinc they all occur in the past year , i believ there will be more advanc thanpot in twenti year , so more and more peopl would ue it instead of car in the second place , anoth chief and head reason i have chosen to put here is that if an innov invent could be invent , the our citi would be less pollut . a reacent survey show a fact that over 60 percent peopl would like to give up car to chose anoth transpot if it can reduc the pollut of the citi . consequ , we can see , in twenti year , the car will probabl be less use than there are today . the last but not least , a more person reason is whi there will be fewer car in use than there are now is we could have more safe transpot than car in twenti year . as we all know , the hurt and death caus by car is increas as mutipl member . we must do strongli measur to reduc the rate . what is more , the awar of the safe will forc more and more peopl chose the bu or train to go to work but not car . as a result , the car will becom less use than today . as a consequ , take the above-ment reason into account , we can safe draw a conclus that there will be fewer car in usu than there are today . becaus the advanc technolog would let us invent better transpot , and the awar of safe and reduc the pollut will make us chose the other transpot .