i want to state my opinion wether a broad knowledg of mani subject is better than to special in one subject . both way have their specif advantag and disadvantag which i would like to state in the follow text . have a broad knowledg is alway an advantag , not onli when it come to game-show like `` who want 's to be a millionair '' . know a lot give you an open view to the world as it is . it open you for altern explan and solut and might even make you into a more toler person . even though from thi point of view it seem veri useful to gather a broad knowledg it also bring with it some problem . mani specif knowledg is what make you an expert in some area . when bee a competit person who alway tri to be the best you will not achiev your goal , if you are not focuss your energi to some few subject and even if you are not competit the everyday job-requir forc you to have a certain amount of knowledg about a special subject . even though the capac of the human brain seem to be nearli unlimit , the time of most human is not . get a broad knowledg need a lot of time to gather thi knowledg . if you tri to get to thi knowledg on a univers you soon will have to face the fact , that not just the time but also the money of most person is limit . in most countri all over the world , studi is not for free . even in germani where univers where free for decad a grow number of feder countri is intoduc studi fee . so at one point or anoth most peopl have to make a decis between the amount of knowledg to gather , and the time and money they got to do thi . in my opinion a broad knowledg is an ideal which is veri hard to reach . so i think it is better to first concentr on one subject and to get to know everyth possibl about it , get a job by use that knowledg and tri to broaden your horizon afterward . not do so will turn you into an unemploy academ with a broad knowledg . when talk about thi topic anoth pretti import thing ha to be mention . more import than find time to gather knowledg , is to make sure you do n't loos the one you onc had . in germani it is said , that when finish highshool one ha the broadest knowledg in hi whole life . when start to studi often just a few month are need to loos thi knowledg , mostli becaus one focuss on hi primari subject in colleg . so mayb the mention ideal is easier to reach by not forget knowledg than by gather it . to summar my person view : i for myself alway tri to gather as much knowledg as possibl even though i know it is just possibl within certain limit given by the environ . but even though it is sure better to have thi broad knowledg i will never say a bad word about someon who just tri to be the best in hi primari subject .