i agre that most advertis make the product much more better than they are . advertis are the thing that tri peopl to think that product are veri valuab and make peopl to desir that product . there are some reason that advertis should be better than the actual product . first , advertis ha mani varieti . it can shown on the tv commerci , and newspap , magazin and radio . those advertis should be use in a place that attract peopl attent by catch thier eye . so there should be someth which ha impact or word that are veri interest . for exampl , in tv commerci , they use music togath and some music are veri simpl and fun that can be easi to rememb to whome wich ha been hear it . it is veri import to been rememb to custom to develop the sale . so write the point you want to be remeb or the point that is the advatag of the product , they should emphas it in best way . second , advertis is the biggest and easiest way to show the good of the product and build up the imag of the compani too . to have a good sale or , be popular , or expand the scale of the compani , they have to be mention by larg amount of popul . so to show the product better is the most import thing that you have to concern when you are make the advertis . third , i have experienc mani time that i thought advertis ha trick me . somethim there are advertis that emphas too much and it veri differ to the real product . but in anoth way , it is not a lie and the point wich ha been emphas are true . it it one of the way to sale thing to peopl and it is not a crime . everi compani ha their own way to win the war of the sale and honor . make the advertis better is one of the way of make the compani better . from these point , emphas advertis ha no problem do ing so , and it is the way to intorduc the product . there are mani advertis surround to our life and we often see them while we are live . the custom can be easili find what we want in a small amount of time spend to search , and form the compani point of view , it is the part that ha to effort to increas the sale amount . make a good , interest advertis is one of the salespoint that compani and the product ha to concern .