first , it should be notic that the statement can be divid into two distinct and independ part . a part of the statement say that the best way to travel is in group and an other part of the statment say that it is better to travel with a guid . these two statment are independ becaus one can travel alon with a guid or a group can travel without guid . concern the first part of the statement , i person believ that it is better to travel alon or with a small group for the follow reason . it is much slower to move frome one place to anoth with a group ; there is alway somon late we have to wait for . as a result , we spend more time gather peopl and wait for lost person than actual travel and see the countri . anoth reason that lead me to think that travel alon is better is that it allow you to meet peopl , which is to my opinion one of the most interest aspect of a trip . i like to travel becaus i enjoy get in touch with foreign peopl , i have alway been facin by the divers in life style that one encount in our world . while some peopl are mostli interest in take a sunbath on the beach or have parti in night club ; i would rather tri to exchang idea an opinion with local inhabit , which is i admit not alway a success . thi is whi i prefer to travel on my own sinc when we are in a group , which are most like from our home countri , we tend to stay with them instead of know local peopl . nevertheless , i do not think that be led by a guid is necessarili a bad choic ; a tour guid can show us place that we would never had found by oureselv , especi if the guid come from the countri we are visit . but here again , i believ that have a guid for a smaller group is more interest sinc we have more opportun to speak with him and to ask him question than we would have in a larger group . it would be even better if the guid is not someon we pay but a good friend ; good firend are the best guid becaus they what we like and they can therefor adapt the content of the tour to our person prefer .