car have been consid to be one of the most import invent of mankind , which went a long way in enhanc hi mobil . today they have been transform from the statu of a luxuri to that of a necess . it is for thi reason that there ha been a notic surg in the number of car . howev , twenti year henc , the scenario would be quit differ , and i firmli believ that the present day volum of car is just the tip of an invert ` u ' and would defnit go down in the time to come . the foremost reason whi i believ that the number of car would be less two decad later is base on the present day statu of fuel . the util of petroleum resourc is alreadi at a consider high level and their cost ha seen a high increas in the last one decad . the exorbit price of the fuel would definit deter the consum to go for car . adjunct to thi , thi premis is base on the their veri avail ; given the fact that petroleum is a non-renew sourc of energi , it might just becom extinct in two decad . one might resort to other fuel like hydrogen and fuel-cel base car , but they are yet to go a long way in term of their popular among the gener public . secondli , with rise pollut level , the govern might resort to take prevent measur by put a ceil on the number of car own by an individu . it might even consid to discourag the buyer simpli by rais the tax slab . an averag consum , thu , might look for altern mean to commut . eman from the same argument , the govern might also take some posit step , like make public transport more effici . a meticul design and manag chain of public transport system like buse and local train would certainli encourag even the car owner to opt for them . i also presum that two decad later most offic would switch from the time-consum ` manual ' mode of function to an ` electron ' way . with excel internet base work environ , one might not need to commut at all ; ad to that everybodi would be highli access . henc , such a work environ would also impli a lessen of the relianc on car . the preced assert have been put forward in context of the suppli side of the stori ; on the consum ' side too there would be some chang in their percept . car would no longer remain a status-symbol . peopl would becom increasingli awar of the ill-effect of pollut and would sure like to contribut their share in reduc it by decreas the use of car as their prerfer mode of trasnport . in gener , an overal increas in the level of awar of the user would in itself lead to a declin in the number of car . take all these point into consider , i can say with a good degre of confid , that the number of car would definit declin in the futur . afteral , all of us want to make thi earth a better place to live in .