when you open your magezin or open your televis , you will alway see some articl or some news which about some success peopl in our societi . some of them may run busi well , some of them may do well in there polict career . mayb you will have a question that whi these peopl can success . for thi question , some peopl may say that these peopl have the courag to do what other peopl do n't want to to , and i agre with thi idea . success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . new thing mean new live , and also , new risk mean new award . first , in the new societi new thing mean new live . just like all of the inventor in the histori , if you want to reach the new point of your live , you must find out new thing to support your career . like edison found out the light , like the shakespar creat new kind of articl and drama , and also like marx who creat socal . these peopl are consid success peopl , becaus they found out or creat new thing . for your live , new thing mean new point , new statu and new valu of your career . so if you want to be a success person like these famou peopl in the histori , first of or , you should tri news thing , creat new thing for the societi , not onli do some common thing in your live . but it 's not the thing if you want to be success and you also should have the courag to take risk of your choic . in our live , risk not onli mean danger , but also mean award , just like one person said befor , how much you pay , how much you get . like these famou peopl in the histori , they also took the risk or they could not becom a success peopl . for our live , risk also mean award , mean opportun , mean the chanc that you get the pay . on the world , noth is free , so if you want you be success , you must take risk of your choic , take risk of your behaviour . success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well , at the opposit , if you want to be a success person , do new thing and take risk are necessari . new thing mean new live and new begin , and risk refer to the award you will get .