when we look into the present scenario in my countri , india , one will find more number of bike than car . thi is the case becaus peopl here are not inclin toward the luxuri good , like car . they are more intrest in possess those good which are requir to live a normal life . but as the rate at which the develop is take place in the countri , one can expect thi to chang . firstli , when we look into the technolog growth take place aroung the world , one will understand that the human are not satisfi with what they have . each and evri time they come out with a new idea to make human life more simpler . thi is lead us to an age when a luxuri good in present day will be an daili necess . peopl are veri lasi to work hard to travel from one place to other . so they came out with the idea of bike instead of bicycl . then came the four wheeler car . it had all the featur of an bike and it also provid comfort . but the cost and maintain of it didnt encourag mani to look forward for it . nowaday , we have got the technolog which can be use to manufactur car at a cheaper cost and which can be maintain with no extra care . in futur , there will be car which guarante more comfort , speed , luxuri and effici fuel consumpt . we can even look forward for model which run with a battri or solar energi , which are renew sourc of energi , than go for petroleum fuel which are on the verg of extinct . thi will encourag more number of peopl to buy car . when we look it from an individu point of view , the econom growth of the countri is grow at a faster rate . peopl are becom wealthier and are look forward for comfort . as in india , an normal famili ha four peopl and when ever they want to travel as a group they have to consid some outsid mean . but as the present day indian can afford to buy a car with hi earn , without a second thought he is go for it . the present popul and the sale of the car in the countri tell the rate at which the the number of car on the road is increas . so , twenti year down the line , we can look forward for an india , when more half of the indian possess a car . car , which is a luxuri properti nowaday will be a daili necess at that time .