peopl normal think that peopl who tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well can have succ life . howev , i think that it is realli danger think and i strongli disagre with thi . there are three main reason and exampl whi i disagre with the statement . first , it ha realli low percentag of success . when peopl tri new thing there are alway a lot of risk . sinc new thing are not known and prove the peopl alway take the risk . and sometim it can be realli danger for the peopl . if what the peopl tri to do is succeed , then he/sh can be a hero and other may respect them . howev , that doe not normal happen in our live . so it can be realli danger for you to tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what you know how to do well . for exampl , if you work for a compani and you need to finish your project . then you do not follow the standard guid line and you tri a new way to do the project . if your boss like the project , that is realli lucki and good for you but normal that is realli hard . you might get fire becaus of your new way to do the project . second , the statement seem right becaus there are some peopl who have becom famou becaus of their new think and tri . howev , it is realli rare situat . onli few peopl actual succeed by their new idea and unusu tri . then they look realli good becaus they can be famou . for exampl , novel becam realli famou by make dinamit . he tri new thinng and final invent realli use equip . but if he fail hi work , no one would know him thesesday . onli when you succeed your tri , peopl will respect you and rememb you . otherwis , you fail your work and no one care about it . third , you can still succeed even though you do not tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what you alreadi know how to do well . success doe not alway requir your new attempt . success is just depend on your person valu . for exampl , if your valu is earn money and have a nice famili , you do not have to tri new thing and face risk . you can still have success life without ani new tri . success deal with your person valu much more than what you actual do . as abov , the percentag of success is realli low when you tri knew thing , and it is realli hard to succeed by do new thing . also you can still succeed even though you do not tri new thing rather than onlu do what you alreadi know how to do well . therefor , i disagre with the statement .