the veri task and eventu also the goal of advertis is it , to promot a specif product in a way that make it difficult for the potenti custom to withstand from purchas it . therefor , those respons to creat commerci and advertis , might be tempt to make certain product look better than they actuallli , soleley in order to gain a higher profit . thi , i believ , is also the intrins factor in my essay , it is the greed of a capitalist driven world to gain more and thi more can be label as money . so , how is it possibl to gain thi preciou metal ? mani add focu on the fear peopl have , and the fear in western societi are veri often link to the fact of grow older . thi is escpeci true for the use or one might even be abl to call it abus of women grow older , who in our sociti are still greatli judg accord to their outer appear . simultan with their outer beauti fade away and the first wrinkl appear their pocket are becom looser and they are readi to respond to correspond add . the add usual show women who lose their wrinkl thank to a great new cosmet invent within onli a coupl of week . in fact , it is true , accord to scientif research , that event like thi do n't occur overnight , not even within a two-week-period . to me , thi sound veri much like withhold inform from the public and make use of the exist lack of knowledg on thi subject . anoth exampl show thi even more thoroughli . mani add prais the outstand advantag of eat a special yoghurt full of specif micro-organ , which contribut to the well function of our intestin . yet , what everybodi who as a littl understand of the biolog of human be as well as the entir biospher , know , is that everi singl yoghurt , not just thi veri specif one , contain exactli the same fabul micro-organ , surpris , surpris ! thi definit can onli be refer to as mislead inform . in the light of what i have tri to elabor on , it appear to be veri obviou that i veri much agre with the question be pose here . advertis which should in fact inform public properli on the product they promot , do veri often pass on mislead inform .