it hard to agre or disagre , but i go more with agrrement . i am go regulalri to the church youth , a place where you would expect young peopl to be paticipay in differ activ of the commun . but is isnt the case , ist more like dont asjk to me help , there are 6.6billion more peopl on thi world pleas ask them . i find it sad that peopl react like thi in a time , where there acctullz abl to chang someth or get someth start . i said befor that ist to find a right opinpion , i beliv it depen on the activity. a work in inclu social activ , isnt the like one studen or young peopl . there are moen in to the sport . i person know mani , who are activ in sport , not just do them but also train the youht team . and thant is a way of help the commun . the much more intrest question is , whi dont they want o do social work or activ ? whi is it more atract to spend the time play video game ? it wasnt that all age ago , otherway you could statment nowaday . there is a switch in the think , we are get more egoism , `` dont bother me '' . mayb peopl arent ani more religous enough , they gave up the christinanti moral of help each other . nowaday we need is inter , you stay behind your desk and the whole world is in frnt of you , the internet , you dont even have to leav the hous anymor , just order on the inter . i wnat to point out , we are lose somth social connet . mayb a person who ha lot of thi connet is more like to spend time help the cmmuniti as whom , who just sit all day , cheke out the tripl w. thi statment ha someth in it , where you could say , as a inter-guy , i give enough time . chatoom are also sometim call commun , in order to thi kid help each other in share inform about their idol , etc. school is place where kid should learn how to live in commun , a class is like commun , but mostli they dont learn , becaus there arent ani activ , who give them the feel of bee part of a commun . help out ist mostli the kind of job , which isnt get paid , but money the stuff that keep the world run , so i assum peopl would help if the citi help with a finici plu . to close thi i think there are mani reson , but in the end they all have the same idea among them egoism or volunt ( doesnt get paid ) . i hope someday we will recogn that a volunt job can give you the same good feel like a paid job .