`` whi should i spend my even with help in the commun center ? i have to help myself to get to enjoy at least some part of the day after school ! '' thi is the answer of my friend i receiv yesterday when i ask her to accompani me to help in a kid swimming-class at the commun center . so i sometim wonder whether it is true that nowaday young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun . life in a commun follow simpl rule . one basic principl is the one of give and receiv . `` you get as much as you give ! '' concern the special aspect of time in our societi today time ha becom a rare good . with regard to the tendenc of increas egot and cold calcul in the sens of whether spend time on certain action can be benefici for us . if the answer to thi question is neg we tend no to do it even if the moralicli correct decis would be differ . in the case of my friend , who i ask to help in a swimming-class for kid it would not be lucr for her to do so . in her opinion , the time she is spend at the commun centr is `` lost time '' becaus there are neither advantag to be expect nor is it a freetim activ where she can enjoy heself becaus it is like a job one doe not get pay for . but mayb there is someth els which make thi activ `` lucr '' . mayb we should consid the aspect of love for other - even with the imag of an egotist youth ? if i respect what other part of my commun do for me , for exampl drive me to school , i am respect their effort , the time they invest partli also in me . therefor - be driven to school and peopl invest time in me - i am glad . and be glad i come to the conclus that i might not be as glad if the other did not invest the much time . conclud thi my goal would be to keep other invest time in the commun . sinc they will onli do thi if they also get someth back i necessarili have to invest time in the commun myself . and i might also find a task with which i can help , invest time and at the same time have fun myself . in my opinion thi is not an utopia of commun life . i have found such a task myself . sinc i love swim and have a certain knowledg how to teach it and also ador children i combin both . i give swimming-class at the commun center everi wednesday even and enjoy thi veri much . final i suggest to make clear to young peopl that give some of their expens time to the commun they receiv even more than expect . and that in the end thi moral and communit behaviour can turn out to be veri lucr for everyon !