today , there are mani differ kind of the car in the word for differ reason . one might be that peopl like differ style of the car and the other might be that peopl creat that for differ reason . for exampl , the compani which base on sell their car will produc nice out look car , which doe not mean their car ha clear system . on the other hand , there are some compani which base on produc less pollut car . which do you thing will increas ? what i strongli believ in twenti year is that even though there are mani project to keep our environ clean from the ga from the car , there is no decreas of the car use becaus peopl want the nice car and it actual give great opportun to live in out fast move world in order to be a success man/women . first , peopl 's desir to the car will not stop at all . of cours there must be some peopl who tri not to use the car but problem is there are not enought peopl to make use of the car decreas . in fact , everi singl famili ha at least one or two car and moreov , there are numer peopl who collect the car . ! do you think it is possibl to make them not to collect ? the basic reason whi peopl keep collect new car is it give suffici feel to have the full feel . the answer is , obvious , no . so , it is imposs to decreas the number of car in the world . becaus of it 's useful fact , easi and comfort to go other place , peopl will more and more use the car . peopl can not follow our fast-pac life without the car . sinc our world ha been develop veri well , in fact , the number of peopl who work at the job like busi where peopl continuosli move to differ place are continuosli increas . be more specif , sinc peopl want to do someth as fast as they want , car provid valuabl fact , especi time save . time save is one of the most import skill in our life in order to be success . even though some peopl tri not to use their car , it doe not mean our environ will be clear . for decreas car use , there must be some sort or movement of the govern under the law . howev , what make me to disagre is that if i see the statement from now , it is imposs that there will be fewer car use in twenti year .