i partial agre with the statement that ' most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are ' . i think it is tough to clearli tell whether one absolut agre or disagre . adverts are one of the most import aspect of modern day busi . with so much competit in everi field and each idea superior to the other , good adverti ha becom absolut mandatori . advertis help a lot in increas the custom 's awar about a product . with so mani product in the market these day , there is no way the manufactur can reach the peopl without public . increas competet can be cite as the most import reason behind an underli exagger in all the ad today . if an advertis is veri modest , and explain the flaw as well the qualiti , would there be ani taker for the product ? peopl have so much choic these day , the manufactur ca n't afford to loos their present custom . they are alway tri to increas their market share . advertis have a deep impact on the consum 's mind . he goe to the market look for a particular product keep the advertis in hi mind . it is onli the benefici aspect of the product that draw him there . an exampl could be that of luxuri car . all the ad emphas on the increas space , better tyre , better suspens , etc . no one say ani thing about the huge monthli instal that would go in to enjoy thi luxuri . but think from the consum 's point of view , he will not even go to have a look at the car if the ad is not attract , leav apart buy it . but , on the flipsid , there are mani ad that are veri mislead too . like , the ad for weight reduct method . these manufactur know that they have easi target in women or young peopl in gener . they public how someon lost a major chunk of hi weight by consum their pill . there is absolut no mention of the side effect of these artifici method on the bodi , which may look healthi after lose fat , but can develop other disord , like reduc in fertil in femal , to cite one . most of the time manufacturer know their target . they cash in on the weak point of that target popul . sometim these can misguid the peopl and lead to irrevers loss to them . by the time the truth dawn on them , it alreadi too late to react . to conclud , i would say that take one stand on ani one of the two extrem is not fair . the maufactur should be allow a littl liberti in make claim as long as they are not absolut unjust or too exagger . but they not let go of their ethic responsib , and should not go to the extent of caus harm to their consum just to increas their profit .