today , most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . the fact that there is almost not restrict about some advertis let big compani a lot of fals and even imposs argument to sell their product . also , they know how to touch peopl 's thought with their differ analyst . the most dramat of all is the use of peopl symbol which mislead peopl ' statement . the restrict on televis commerci are veri small or do n't even exist . a compani owner ha simpli to give the the money for the advertis of the compani . thi advertis will be accept without ani restrict becaus the onli restrict that we have is the nuditi scene , but we don ` t have to prove that what we said is true . we can take an advertis which is about get slim . in thi advertos , you will see peopl say that they have lost weight in 4 week . a man who will herd those talk will be attract to the product , but the peopl 's talk on the advertis are fals . the other probabl element wil be the use of analyst . those analyst are veri smart becaus they know what peopl want to hear . so , with onli one speech written by them , they can make a product seem as fantast when thi product is not . as exampl , we take a man who want a car . now , thi man watch an advertis on which they say that the car make girl crazi , and even show you a woman who is persecut a man becaus of the car . the man will like to have thi car in the minut follow these advertis . howev , is that statem in the advertis true ? these statement is not . so , a lot of peopl will be fool . the most dramat thing about advertis is the use of peopl 's symbol or fan to sell product . some studi have shown that children under a certain age are more to do what their star think is right . in thi way , we can imagin a basketbal player who is say that a certain product is good . all the children who like thi player will buy the product when they shall have an opportun without ani hesit . unfortun , the product is not so so good as it is suppos to be to finish , i would say that i agre with the fact that advertis make product seem better than they realli are .