by look at the peopl around me and the societi , i could see that young peopl tent to enjoy life more than older peopl do . i think it is true that the young peopl enjoy their life than most older peopl do as the young peopl think more posit than older peopl do and as the young peopl tri to do everyth in enjoy way . first of all , young peopl have posit mind that they tri to accept thing in good way even though they are not in a fondabl situat . but in contrast , old peopl worri first and afraid to put in action befor they start . in my opinion , thi is becaus the young peopl believ that they still have a lot of year to live so that they alway tri to carri out experiment thing and tri new thing . on the other hand , older peopl think that they do not have long live left . they alway tri to be care and think more befor they carri out ani thing . for exampl , when i and my father goe to a restaur , we often choos differ meal . my father alway choos the same menu that he had last time but i alway choos differ meal and sometim tri new one if the restaur invent one . like thi , older peopl do not like chang their normal routin and get out of tract when young peopl like to chang and tri new more . secondli , young peopl tend to enjoy life more than older peopl do as the young peopl take thing easi and tri to enjoy everyth they do . i think it is true that young peopl seek out for someth that is interest and fun while older peopl find everyth seem to be same . for exampl , i went to a market with my grandmoth and when we got to there , my grandmoth onli went straight to the section where it ha thing that she ha to buy . howev , when i enter , i walk around the most section and saw thing that are display and read note on it . like thi , young peopl find interest fact for themselv even from bore thing when the older peopl onli look for what they want . overal , i agre on the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do as young peopl are alway open-mind and make thing enjoy for themselv in their way .