thi issu ha been discuss wide within the alreadi establish literatur , and , obvious , it is a veri interdisciplinari topic . we could discuss about the relationship between realiti and idea refer to veri differ conceptu field , and , henc , use veri differ theoret system . accord to my sociolog prepar , i would discuss the topic consid the social implic of understand fact and idea , within the overarch context of educ . as a first point , we should defin what is an idea and what is a fact . defin them could be import in order to continu with the discuss . if we consed an idea as a total autonom concept within the individu process of defin realiti , i will state that idea are useless , not be base on experi . coher with the kant 's think , the process of construct of the world can be defin as the fill process of some categori `` box '' . these box are defin as the basic vision of the realiti [ i.e. the causal relationship between phenomena ] , and in order to be product for the undertsand of the world they have to be fill by specif extern experi . therefor , it is my opinion that idea can not be consid as separ and independ concept form the realiti , but rather that they are influenc , and they influenc at the same time , our percept of the world , and , consequ , the way we act within it and the way we creat our ident . in order to come back to the statement you provid me , i absolut do n't think that it could be possibl to think about idea and expertis in a separ way , and so the core and hidden question behind that sentenc is : how do idea and experi are relat within the prepar of the student . in practis , in order to have a well-work and a long - end didact we should provid a real experi for each concept or idea we want to teach . the experi i 'm talk about is not suppos to be strictli base on a practic action [ as go outdoor and see the tree after a lesson on plant ] , but it could be simpli provid some practic exampl about the matter of studi . on the other side , experi is alway influenc by idea embed in our societi and , of cours , in our indent [ consid as an idea of undertsand ourself and the other in relaton to us ] . teach clear and coher idea is a start point in order to have a complet experi of the empir world . in conclus , idea and experi are total interlink each other and mutual influenc , in a dialect way .