i do n't agre with the statement . i think in twenti year there will be more car than today . my opinion is base on the follow reason . first , the car are the most individu transport tool . they give peopl the freedom to choos when to leav and where to go and can make the journey more convini . as the societi develop , pressur will increas and we are more and more like to search for the freedom in our live . car are a good choic . although more car will result in traffic jam in citi , peopl are build the cross bridg to solv the problem . second , mani peopl may argu that the wast ga from the car are one of the major reason that pollut air . howev , scientist now have develop mani kind of car that use clean energi such as the energi from the sun and so on . these kind of car are in use in some countri by some peopl . moreov , scientist and manufactur are tri their best to put these new car into market , aim that these car will be afford for the public . at the same time , scientist are also do great effort to improv the speed of the these new car . and i believ in a near futur , these new car use clean energi sourc , will be as fast as the car nowaday . also , i think the clean energi will also be use in the car today , which will greatli decreas the pollut made now . as a result , the major obstacl that prevent car use will be remov . third , as the economi of the world develop , the price of car will go down , as well as the new car . meanwhil the abil of peopl to buy car will increas . more peopl in the develop countri will own car . each famili or person will own more car . further , more peopl in the develop or less develop countri will buy car . for exampl , in china onli a few peopl have car , and as the abil of consumpt advanc , more and more peopl are plan to buy car . and i think in the near futur , there will more car than now will be seen in the road of china . in conclus , i think the number of the car will increas , becaus car can give everi one a feel of freedom , and as mani problem caus by car can be solv and the more and more peopl are abl to afford a car , we are will to buy thi kind of freedom of our live .