the issu of the quantiti and the qualiti of knowledg requir to succeed is a veri old one : in fact we today know that nobodi can have the so-cal ` total knowledg ' of the world . thi wa probabl possibl three or four centuri ago , when the state of our scientif knowledg wa limit , that is whi scientist , philosoph or writer like goeth , rousseau , pascal have sure known everyth when they live . but it is an utopi today , and in our everyday life the question that come often is : do i have to follow a generalist or a special cursu ? i personnali agre with the statement underlin the idea that it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ area than to know everyth about one area , like cell biolog or ship construct , for exampl . my view is sure subject becaus i made a french ` class preparatoir ' befor be admit , two year ago , in a busi school in franc . so i had to studi dure two year no less than 8 academ class : mathemat , french , histori , economi , english , german , philosophi , comput skill . each one wa veri import and often evalu with both write and oral assess . to my mind follw a great number of class at the young age is a veri construct and useful way to be educ : on thi purpos all countri all over the world proceed thi way until the child becom a teenag . but after that each countri ha it own view on educ : german will prefer to choos a special veri soon ( with 13 or 14 ) wherea franc or the unit state give a prioriti to long studi at the univers . i rememb a day when i wa in ` class preparatoir ' , a professor of philosophi felt that few peopl follow hi class , and he told one of the student that in spite of hi probabl futur of financi manag , deal with number and bank all the day , he will miss hi class of philosophi becaus it gave him a way to think about everyth in the life . thi explan of our professor creat by me a new view on subject i did n't appreci , and now i make effort to interest me on each busi point that i have to studi at school . but to conclud with , i natur understand that i will have to decid me for a specif orient to my profession futur veri soon . it is necessari , but i think that in a highli evolut labour market , it is a n opportun in conceiv to do veri differnt thing in hi career .