there are mani way to learn and to exapand student mind today . whether it is teach them fact or take the time to make them understand the idea and concept . firstli , in the case of teach student the fact , for the student and the teacher themselv it is quit a bore task . there would be no interact and commun between the teacher and their student . student will becom less interest and may not particip in class , choos not to attend or decid to misbehav , make the teaher 's job much , much more difficult rais the pressur and stress of the teacher to make sure that the student walk out of the class room known the fact . on the other hand , teach the student to understand the idea and concept make the student more confid and confort in the futur when they come to studi the certain subject or to take an exam on the topic . moreov , it make the subject more enjoy to learn as the teacher and the studnt exchang idea and thought to unravel the concept of the topic . in addit , it also help the teacher to becom closer to hi or her student , to get to know them , understand their way of think , to understand themselv where the student weak point lye , and how in the futur help their student to improv in their acadam . overal , in my opinion , i believ that student should have the best of both argument , the fact and the understand of idea , for the follow reason ; use the fact make sure that we have accur inform , to use whether it in an essay or in aswer question in an exam or simpli in a disscuss . side along with that , i believ have talk and debat on topic help the student to feel for the subject more and more and make them feel more involv . a veri good exampl , is in a histori class , where the proffessor talk about a certain piec of histori like world war two . you must have accur data such as time and date and chronolog order of event . aswel as disscuss the thought and emot of the leader of the war and the peopl of the countri that were involv in the war at the time . anoth exampl is in english litratur , that i person take myself . one of william shakespher 's play macbeth , there is plenti of space to debat and discuss , such as hi concienc throughout the play as he kill the king . if i could not share ani of my opinion or thought i would feel so bore and not as emphusiast as i am about the play now . final , i go back onc more , i believ that known the fact is much import as understand them aswel .