as the time pass , the world undergo mani chang in all field and aspect of life . peopl can sens the chang in their surround , their life style and ofcour in their attitud toward differ issu . we may think of the come futur in mani differ way and see it from variuo point of view . some of us are obtimist look at the futur from a posit out look , expect the best to come and hope for further develop with less damag . other see the futur from a differ angl , think that the non-stop progress of modern technolog will bring the earth into an unpleas end . the futur is not our time it is the time of our como gener , we onli have the present time , and onli the present time that we could chang and improv , howev , our action in the present time will particip in shape the futur , therefor we have to consid both the short term and long term consiqu of ani action that we are about to take inord to ensur our childern a better and safer futur . it is hard to predict wether if the number of car in 20 year will be more or less than the presnt time . take into account the rapid growth of world popul and the increas life demand , that urg peopl to move from one place to an other , to get their need done . you may think that the number of car is more like go to increas by two or three fold , thi is unlik to happen for few reason , first , in oredr to fit thi great number of car new road should be built and the old one should be expand to fit the signific number of car , which mean that govern have to reconstruct the infrastructur of the citi in order to appli such alter and to so great deal of money must be spent that will most probabl exceed the govern 's budget in most countri , on top of that the intern economi is declinig and the economist perdiciton indic that thi declin will continu for next 40 or 50 year ahead . govern will search for more effect mean for transport that produc less environment hazard , like under develop the current under ground transport and increas the capac also some regul law may be pass in which car are not allow to be use unless if the number of passang exce 4 peopl . as a result the number of car in the futur is most like to remain the same if not declin upon the intorduct of new transpor mean .