when peopl go to travel , they should led by a tour guid . i agre with thi statement and i have tree reason whi i agre with it . peopl have to move a group in a guid tour . it is kind of tired but i think that peopl can know other peopl threw a tour . i would exprain whi peopl should lead a guid tour . first , peopl do not have to wast time dure the traver . peopl usual travel which they have never been . therefor , ofcours they do not know where there are . they can get inform from just guid book or internet . howev , when peopl lose the way , these inform are not helpful becaus book cannnot say ani word . if peopl lead s tour guid , they do not have to wast time and actual they do not have to use the map so much becaus if they have question in the traver citi , they can ask the guid tour person . i think that they have more imform that the book and peopl can ask ani thing which the book do not have . peopl should n't get stress dure the travel . peopl should comun with other peopl . if peopl travel with their friend , they usual move togeth most of time . therefor , if they travel and look around , they alway go to same place . howev , if they go the travel with a tour guid , they can get more interest inform from other guid tourist . i think that tourist peopl can get the free time and each tourist travel with their famili of friend . therefor , they look around with them which mean that tourist spread . after they finish free time , they can ask interest inform which they do not know . moreov , they can comun other peopl . they may make new best friend . if peopl want to enjoy their traver , they should comun other peopl . third , peopl should be decid their plan dure the traver . i have experi that when i travel without a guid tour with my friend , i wa excit at first day but second , third day , my friend and i wa got tired , so we thought that we do n't want to move from the hotel even we are traver . after we came back to our hous , we are dissapoint ourself becaus we spent a lot of money to taravel but actual , we did n't enjoy the place where we went . if peopl are decid the time schedul by a guid tour , they have to move at thet time becaus it is group tour . peopl should make the plan and take respons to do not wast money . peopl can travel enjoy . therefor , i agre with a guid tour .