advertis ... bliss or curs how mani time did you a buy a product expect it to be of high qualiti and usag , onli to be disaapoint later as you discov it limit function and below averag qualiti ? i am sure some may agre with me that thi scenario occur often , and soon lead to peopl argu whether advertis make product seem better than they realli are . though i can relat with those who argu that it is the buyer 's respons to verifi the exact specif and function of an item befor purchas , yet i beliv that in our day most advertis do `` beautifi '' product to seem better than they are . if we consid the hypothet or rather norm purpos of an advertis , it would be to show a potemti custom the exist functionali of a product and convinc him/her to purcahs that item . but with capit take control of the world , definit have start to chang , and the busi world ha adapt to new mask keep revenur - rather than busi integrity-a the ultim purpos . henc advertis becam about do and say anyth and everyth to sell that item , regardless if that item is worth sell in the first place . if we take exampl from the world , we can look at the histor and famou cigarett ad , which usual tri to promot smoker as `` beauti , adventer , cool . .. etc '' , yet not until recent , fail to inform smoker of the health risk , and high cancer rate . anoth exampl would be plastic surguri ad that tri to convinc those who are run after the illus of youth , that the usag of thi creme or that mask , or those inject will actual turn back the cycl of time . again fail to tell patient that it all a matter of 5-7 year ( the maximum ) till ani `` fake '' effect disappear , lea them with possibl health hazrd . let take insur compani for anoth exampl . such compani tend to `` sell '' their promis for safeti and wellcar guarante , yet fail in most of the case to warn the client from all those `` except or situat '' where `` they just dont cover ! '' . even war ha a been a commod that advertis ha success over-r and made it shine . the war on iraq wa advertis as a legitim procedur to fight terror , and liber the iraqi . . and ... and . . ! alot of innoc decent peopl fell for these `` shini '' word , but look at what realli happend . the american economi ha suffer greatli from it , half a million iraqi have been kill in 3 year , more terrorist have emerg ! busi should be eithic , sell what you have , or els dont !