from the topic given , i would like to view it from a differ perspect than just agre or disagre to it . educ life start from class 1 till about class 12 ( thi is the ideal situat here in india ) . from class 1 to 10 student are given an overview of subject from divers field such as scienc , histori , geographi , literatur , languag , and offcours human . i believ thi is a favour situat for children who are in their grow phase . thi is becaus , sinc the children are educ about differ field , they have a better understand of the world they live in . i believ just as know newton 's law of motion are essenti , in the same way know the histori of indian freedom struggl is as import . the child broaden hi horizon , and becom a better inform person . know divers field is also benefici becaus we live in a societi . we arent isol peopl and we need to interact with peopl and system from all walk of life . would it be justifi to have limit knowledg in thi situat ? when children live in a societi they should have gener knowledg of the variou aspect of life and societi . howev take thi stanc , i do not refut the question of special in one singl field . as a child grow up , becom an adult , he decid the kind of proffes he want to take . for exampl i want to becom an account . so after my junior school , that is after my class 10 , i took up commerc as my special subject . thi way after my initi year of learn about the world in gener , i could concentr on the subject , i want to make a career on . isnt that justifi ? let me give a funni exampl . suppos i just special in commerc throughout junior school , extend to senior school and beyond , and final becam a success account . one day when my child grow up and ask me a simpl question about the solar system , and the number of planet in it , do you think i would be confid of my answer ? i would be fumbl , and search the encyclopedia for possibl answer . the thought in itself is not veri encourag . so i believ initi knowlegd of divers field in junior school , there after special in colleg would serv our requir better . sinc the topic mention `` academ subject '' i presum the subject taught in an academ environ . so such subject and such a practic of gener studi or special can onli happen in a school . therefor in the abov state opinion i concentr on children to illustr my argument in a better fashion .