i definet agre with the statement that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . it is not exagger that we now live in car societi . car made a revolut of transform method , they establish the posit as the most conveni transport method . besid , car market is also one of the biggest commerci market , and car are essenti to our economi . consid the statement , howev , we need to pay attent to the disadvantag of them . use car caus the enrvironment problem ; for exampl , an air pollut and the earth warm . as the ga which are exclud from each car contamin the air especi in the citi , peopl are suffer from the unclear air . to make matter wors , it is report that it can caus the earth warm , which is the biggest environment problem not onli for the peopl of citi dweller but also the peopl in the world . moreov , in term of the natur resorc , car requir a lot of gasolin to mobil them . gasolin are made by refin the petrogen , which is said to run out in 25 year in the earth . from the point of the human societi , use car gener a number of traffic accid due to the careless mistak or the drive by the drunker . traffic accid are the social problem in my countri , japan , and more than 10000 peopl are kill everi year . consid the other transport method , such as the plane , the train , the bu , there are more advantag than car have . these public transport system can carri much more peopl , and save the fuel and natur resorc . accordingli , they do n't pollut the environ as much as the car . in term of safeti , they can lose the possibl of face the accid by use these system . the rate of encount accid of public system are much lower than the car . if you can dring a lot or get tire , you can go home by use them . as i mention abov , there are more good point in use public transport system . of cours , car provid us the enlight of drive and some peopl are fascin with the speed . but now we need to take care of the disadvantag in term of the envirn and safeti . i believ peopl will soon give up use car , and use public system in stead .