car as an object of desir i would realli wish thi stament would turn out to be true but i do not think that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . even though there is incred technolog progress occur in transport , sociolog research have shown us that a car is more than an instrument of transport . it is an indic of a social statu . although the develop technolog are make our live more comfort , still peopl have crave for object of desir , object of self-satisfact ; such as car . it is true that the public transport devis are improv in each pass day . i remeneb one it wa imposs to imagin a train pass through a tunnel which is under the sea . by thi invent now peopl who live in pari can work in london . howev when we speak of the transport within a citi , peopl insist on drive their own car no matter how disastr the traffic jam could get in morn hour when everybodi is rush to work . they get in their car , usual one car for one person , and they prefer to be isol from public in thi safe but burdensom ride with all the traffic jam . i believ thi is an egoist attitud becaus preffer the public transport would solv a lot of problem , especi the traffic jam . as i said befor the peopl are stubborn and rigid on not give up their car in the sake of the improv of the traffic condit . they are concern about their car becaus car have a signific symbol which underlin the social statu of a person . mayb thi is a specif case for turkey ' in fact for istanbul , i am not sure . the park is also anoth huge problem here . there are more privat park lot ( park lot mafia we call it beacus they make a lot of money ) than natur park . everi space is consid a park lot . the park lot are like galleri in specif place of istanbul . the vallet arrang them in an order where the most expens car are display with great care . in that way the owner of the car is also happi and tip the man more . when the situat is like that who would give up their car ? in fact , by the develop technolog new and more luxuri car are produc in each day . advertis compani emphas the need to chang your car to a more advanc model if you realli wish to maintain your social statu . you need to be updat . who would give up these object that we fetish ? no way . .. in conclus , i do not think that the number os the car in use are go to decreas in twenti year . in fact the demand for luxuri car are go to rise . the use of public transport devis are go to declin so the problem concern traffic jam and park space are not go to be solv beacus a car is more than what it is use for . it ha a whole fanci myth behind it to which we are all attract unconsci .