from columbia roam around the world in hi ship in search for undiscov exoct land , to a famili pay a weekend trip to a nearbi state , we could see that peopl have long been enjoy the pleasur of travel and be a tourist in foreign land . when you start plan for a trip in the summer vacat , for instanc , what is the first thing that you would do ? go to the book store and pick a travel book so you can plan your own ideal trip ? or go to a travel agenc with your famili and book an attract travel packag ? for me , i would go for the latter . book a trip at an agenc mean that you are travel in a group provid with a tour guid all along the way . when travel in a foreign place , a tour guid is unquestion more experienc that you about everi aspect of the place - it histori , cultur , tourist attract , and anyth other thing that a tourist would like to explor . imagin that you are go to franc all by yourself , without a tour guid , what would you do if you would like to find a place to dine ? you would sure ask a passer-bi for direct . but the problem is , you do not speak ani french ! even if you are lucki enough to bump into a restur , you do not understand a word in the menu . these problem would be all gone if you have a tour guid along with you . a tour guid therefor , also help us to break the languag barrier by be the ` tranlsat ' becaus he is veri often a local peopl from the countri . the second thing whi travel in a group led a tour guid is the possibl of cultur exchang between the member the group . you may discuss about thing you find interest along your way or even question as simpl as ` where to go shop tonight ' . thi way of travel also offer a saver environ becaus a group is less prone to local crime such as stealth . even if you unfortun fell ill dure the trip , there are peopl around who will be abl to take care of you . travel in a group led by a tour guid is no doubt the best way to travel . you are lead by someon familiar to the place who will explain everyth which come up to your mind , you are with your friend or famili which help you out when you need . in thi way , you are comfort and fulli relax , and can enjoy the real pleasur of travel .