peopl are think about their futur or what they are go to do when they are still young or old . some peopl think that older peopl can enjoy life more than young peopl . becaus they have lot of time for lesur . but i do n't think so . i agre with the statement `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . '' . there are some reason i agre with thi statement . first , liter young peopl are young . that mean they have time to do their work , have fun within the life they got . actual they have to earn the money for the futur , studi for their colleg and so on . in the unit state , peopl work sinc they are 16 year old typic and they earn their own poketmoney . young peopl can do whatev they want . but the older peopl ca n't . becaus they are too old to do fun thing in the world . the bodi get realli slow , sick and lazi . they might have just littl energi to do it even if they have lot of free time or money . secondli , most of young peopl are open-mind . that doe n't mean older peopl are close-mind . in my case , if i want to do someth , i would do whatev i want . i do n't think about advantag of that or disadvantag . i just enjoy what i get to do . peopl like to do stuff what they like . and young peopl can tri anyth . but for older peopl they have lot of limit for that . for exampl , they are not abl to climb up to the mountain a lot or go swim , get drunk , ride fun ride at the fair and so on . third reason is that they know a lot of thing than older peopl . the world is chang constantli . sometim new thing are come up and sometim old thing are be thrown away from our societi . so i am say that young peopl can get a lot of inform about that and get to know and have fun with it . actual i like to do someth new with my friend . that make me challeng for that and eventu have fun . young peopl do n't fear about the new thing . and they can accept well than older peopl . sinc i am young , i understand i can do anyth whatev i want . young peopl have dream , thought , goal . but i think the most thing we have to do is to have fun in our life becaus we are still young and have lot of time to do other stuff , open-mind and we know lot of thing come up recent and enjoy it . so i agre with the statement `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . '' . there are a lot of thing to have fun in our life . i do n't want to miss it and we can have fun than older peopl do .