i strongli agre with thi idea . i realli think that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . if i understand an idea or concept i can realli go deepli in a subject and rememb it for long time . also , i can appli that idea to other situat . on the other hand , if i just learn fact i will have just superfici knowledg and i will rememb those fact for short time . probabl , it is go to be difficult for me to appli that knowledg to other scenario . first , it is veri import to deepli understand concept and to rememb them for year . from my person experi i can say that i studi literatur in high school not onli read the book but also anal them in their context . know who the author wa , when the book wa written , for exampl . with that idea in mind i could understand better what a text said and i can still explain that topic to other peopl . on the contrari , i studi biolog just with fact . for instanc , i learnt the name of part of the bodi and their locat , but i never understood how they work . if someon ask me about that field , i would have to say that i do not know much and also i do not rememb even the fact . second , i think that a good way to use the knowledg is appli it in differ situat . to do that we need to understand veri well what concept we know and how they are relat with other . although we have a big list of fact , we can not use the esenc of that subject in a new challeng . for exampl , to play the piano i have to learn how to read music . i can not just learn wich key in my piano is do , re or mi . i have to understand that the note are a represent of music and in that way it is go to be possibl for me to play ani piano , keybord or even oth instrument . as a conclus i can say that if a student want to learn , he or she ha to understand the idea and concept first . the fact are also import , but they are noth if the student can not explain how they are relat or if he or she can just repeat word without a deep mean behind them .