in today world becom an expert in a one topic is veri import . acoord to my point of view , becom expert in a specif field is alway more advanteg than have broad knowledg about mani academ subject . special in one specif subject make peopl more product and to be abl to solv ani problem about that subject , allow peopl to struggl with the subject that they love most and while special peopl also gain broad knowledg about mani academ . if a peopl special in a specif area , he can focu on a simpl job and can be more prodcut on thi area . he can solv ani problem about that specif job . for exampl think about a person who is onli work on the safeti of human in the car . he can easili see the simpl safeti problem of a car and make suggest about revis them which mean he becom an expert of car safeti . by work on car safeti onli , he will definetli find some new techniqu for increas the safeti of a car . so he becam more product . on the other special allow peopl to do the job that they love . if we continu with the same exampl , car safeti expert may not like struggl with the dese of the car . becaus the point hat he like is safeti of the car and the rest is not import . also thi arguement coincid with the first arguement : the peopl who love their job becom more product . special doe not mean that person can not know anyth about differ subject that he did not special . while special in a subject , a person also learn need background about the subject . for instanc ani engin must know calculu . if we appli thi thei to car safeti expert exampl , to becom a car safeti expert he must also know the stuctur of the car . if he doe not know , hi work about car safeti may conlict with the main structur of the car . in conclus , special is the main solut is all the problem . an expert can easili solv a problem about hi or her area . special make peopl more product , to be abl to solv the problem about hi area , allow peopl to struggl with the subject that they love and give peopl broad knowledg about some other subject .