the belief that a life without risk is better is common among mani peopl . but is it true ? i would like to start with an exampl , for it is alway better to `` get the pictur '' befor hear argument on a topic . cristob colon discov america . everybodi know that . but would that have been possibl without him take the risk of navig into unknown water accompain with noth but crimin ? i do not think so . so , everybodi who believ that colon wa succes should also think that to be succes you have to tri new thing , to risk someth . if it is not so , that is whi i have further argument . as a busi administr student i have learnt that the essenti aspect of have a product and grow busi is to make decis know that the chanc of lose is alway present , but that the wish of improv should be stronger than thi fear . `` use fear as a motor not as a break '' some say , correctli . life can be seen as a busi , you alway have to do someth in order to achiev what you want , it is an exchang of servic for utliti . for thi reason i believ the same rule , which have been precis studi dure these last year , could and should be appli to our everyday routin . let examin the situat from anoth point of view . someon ha achiev a state in hi life , where he believ no more is to be improv . thi person ha a plan for the rest of hi life . at the begin it will sure feel nice to have thi kind of secur and peac , and that is not neg . but after a while , he will get bore , for the human is the kind of speci that must alway do someth differ in order not to get frustrat . if not , the work polici of the industri revolut would still persist . the thing is , that by the time thi individu of the exampl realiz he is bore , he will have lost the confid to tri new thing , to risk some of that secur and will enter a great frustrat , not like to maintain him in a success state . furthermor , societi and it element are not at all stabl , it chang constantli , as do the necess of the peopl . in order to be succes one ha to be abl to adapt fastli to these new demand , and in order to achiev that sacrific must be done . i conclus , i believ that the statement that risk and new creation are basic element of success are noth but correct . rememb the automobil or a more recent exampl , the internet ? those are all invent of pepl who tri to do what noon els befor them had , and insist even though mani thought of them as crazi .