i do agre with the statement that `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . firstli , the caus of global warm is the import point which i would like to support my view . elucid about that . we can observ the temperatur around us dure the summer season . the season are modifi gradual . we ca n't expect the rain in the raini season . it is due to the alter in the atmospher cycl . it 's happen all around india . the main reason are the atmospher is get warm due to the green hous gase that are eman from variou sourc like the motor vehicl , car , factori etc. , concentr mainli on the car . they are releas the harm gase like carbon monoxid , carbondioxid etc. , which are detriment to the human be . may be the govern introduc a law that usag of car may be prohibit and the usag of public transport may be consid . secondli , the earth is run out of the renew resourc . even though that is not predict , i hope that is so immin due to the usag of the natur resourc like petroleum , diesel . today the price of the petrol and the diesel got hike and they will definit go more higher in the come year . from econom point of view the peopl may prefer other mean like public transport for reach their destin . let the petrol and the diesel suppli be ceas for a month everywher in the world for car . then see how much the number of peopl use the car would defint declin . they will definit opt for the public transport . later see the pollut of the environ . i bet that u can defin notic a steep declin in the pollut level . even if ani other sourc for drive the car other than petrol or diesel is invent . that too doe n't last long . lastli , the scienc and the technolog is develop at a rocket pace . nowaday you can buy everth from your hous by a singl click of your comput mous . i hope that the entir world will be digit by the next twenti year . if that happen , then definit peopl dont need ani car for transport . so it is also a possibl way that the number of the car get reduc .