knowledg is like an ocean the more deeper u go the more jewel you find . we can not say that at thi particular point we know everyth about a particular subject . learn is a continu process . the more we learn about one subject the more we discov about it . i think it better to special in one specif subject . in thi rapid globalis period everyon is requir to be up to date . the peopl who have surfac knowledg about all the subject find it difficult to surviv in thi competit world . now a day everi compani requir their employess to be special . they need effici work forc which can solv specif problem and should also be flexibl . they should be abl to deal with varieti of situat but intial they are expect to deal with particular problem . if we have broad knowledg about mani acedem subject but if we do not know the subject which best suit our academ and job life then it will becom quit difficult for us to have a bright career . for exampl , let us suppos a case in which student doe not know which subject he want to select for hi major then he might keep on switch over the subject . he will not be abl to concerntr over ani of the subject which will onli wast hi time . lastli when he will be call for interview , compani will not find him suitabl for ani specif postion . after all a student who have studi comput scienc contin for two year will becom a better programm than a student who have studi mani subject like histori , biolog etc along with comput scienc . it not like that a student who ha specialis in ani field will not be abl to switch over other subject becaus a special person will be more effeci in learn thing . it true that the person who have knowledg of everi subject will be more flexibl but that doe not mean underestim the talent of special peopl . special peopl learn the thing more accur and fastli . if in case they want to switch over other career they can . may be not easili as a person who alreadi have knowledg about that field but will certainli learn it . so , peopl should have broad knowledg of everi subject but they should also get special in one specif subject . it will increas their calib to work in crucial work situat and enhanc their intellectu level . after all the world is shrink in a small room and is avail on the singl click of mous then it requir both gener as well as specialis peopl for it develop