we can often see mani sucess peopl in daili newpap and magazin . have you ever wonder what they have in common . i claim that sucess peopl tend to tri new thing more and do n't afraid of risk . thi innov way will make them more success . first , peopl who tri new thing and take risk have more chanc to overcom their own lilmit . while they are take risk , they can inspir themselv to develop , and thi self-develop will be the foundat of sucess . for exampl , when i wa in univers , i did n't like the subject `` english composit '' a lot , but i had to pass it to graduat from school . when i regist the cours at first , i hasit a lot but i decid to take a risk and then , final , i pass thi cours sucess . in addit , i had an opportun to find my interest in english . sinc then , english is one of my specialti that everyon admit . second , when you are tri to do new thing , you can be more creativ . that 's becaus you face risk and there 's no sampl to solv thi problem . for instanc , let 's take a look at a comput compani `` appli . '' while other comput compani were focus on onli technolog , `` appli '' wa pursuit a differ way , design . while `` appli '' is emphas the design , they creat more design than peopl had expext . afterward , now almost everyon in a subway ha a ipod in their hand . final , while peol who love to tri new thing are handl their task , they will not follow the tradit way . these new way will boost them to find better and faster way to success . for exampl , when you do your work in your offic or your room , have you ever chang the order of your daili rutin ? at the begin , you might be confus by littl thing but , at the end , you will find more fun with better way to deal with your work . in conclus , i 've mention whi i believ sucess peopl pursut novel way of do thing and do n't afraid of risk . that 's becaus they can get over their limit with creativ . moreov , while they are pursuit new way , they can find better and faster method to accomplish their work .