i have had alway a lot of discuss with my teacher about the statement whether it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . i found it alway not neccessari to learn so much detail about a certain idea or concept while my teacher on the other side often thought it is veri import . here are some reason whi i think it is more import to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . the first point is that in my opinion it doe n't prove that you have understood the whole system when you just have to write down some key word in an exam as you have to do it when you just have to learn fact . when you have to write down in an essay how a concept or idea work it is a real prove for the student and for the teacher that the student is abl to connect thing properli . therefor learn whole idea or concept is more effect for both side , the teacher and the student . in addit i think it is more interest to learn a whole idea and not onli fact and statement on thi idea becaus dure learn thi idea you will as well tri to understand how thi idea wa build up . by tri to understand thi your head is abl to learn thi more easi becaus there is a connect from thi point on . to summar , sinc it is not thi bore to learn an idea than it is to learn fact without ani connect , the student will be abl to learn faster . an other reason whi i prefer learn idea is that i can use them in the daili life . with thi knowledg for exampl i can understand thing better . for instanc the earth quak which occur in california becaus of the san andrea fault from time to time . if i would have just learn that there are earthquak and not the reason and the concept whi , i would n't have been abl to understand the thing they explain in the news last week about a littl earthqhuak there . so i think that learn concept or idea improv my gener knowledg . all in all i came to the conclus when discuss thi topic with my teacher that the solut lay somewher in between . sinc there are sometim student who have understood the concept but ca n't give an exampl how they can use thi concept in life . thi is an experi a teacher a teacher have had . that 's whi you should have to understand the concept and fill thi concept in a second step with fact .