man have travel for as long as he ha live in societi . the characterist of most of today 's travel is that it is motiv not by econom or polit necess , but by pleasur . leisur and thi search for pleasur is at the root of the tourism industri . understand the sourc of thi pleasur provid a solid base to comprehend the best way to travel . where is a person 's pleasur in travel root ? i believ in curios : in be expos to new situat , enjoy beauti sceneri , get to know differ way of live , and be a part of other custom and cultur . it is import to note that the satisfact of thi curios is greater when it emerg from person discoveri . the best way to travel is , henc , the one which favor and maxim the satisfact of curios in these two dimens . travel can be led by a tour guid , or simpli alon - in group or individu . in order to decid which is best , one must ponder the new thing one would like to see and learn , on one part , and the possibl of discov these individu , on the other . unfortun , frequent these do not impli each other , mean that wait to discov the marvel of the place a person travel to gener take time and energi , limit the place and import thing one visit and see . the choic of travel with a guid permit maxim the experi , knowledg and sightse , but gener minim the possibl of discov these individu . consid these , i prefer travel with a tour book that introduc me on the most import sightse and cultur enrichen experi , but doe not hinder the possibl of run off track for some time and discov new thing person . thi is the way i travel central america last summer , and it wa certainli a gratifi experi . i have also travel led by a tour guid - to cuzco and macchu picchu , peru - and although it wa a great experi , be abl to discov thing by yourself as you travel is truli reward . i have also travel alon , to bolivia , but at mani time i felt i did not know where to go . travel with a book , instead of a tour guid - in group or individu - seem to maxim the often antithet sourc of pleasur in travel : exposur to new surpris experi and sceneri and the satisfact of person discoveri .