i would probabl disagre with the statement becaus it more like an opinion state consid a specif area of interest or pertain to a particular place in the world . i say thi becaus car have , of late , start be afford to the common man . they are no longer the prize posssess of the high-class and the elite` . car have becom the common mode of convey in the recent past and thi situat is like to persist for atleast a while , whi not for 20 year . car are nowaday seen to accommod all kind of peopl and have emerg as the econom and faster mean of convey anywher in the world . the idea that there will be fewer car in the year to come is entir provinci in my view . we should not forget the fact that a larger share of the popul in ani nation still commut by auto-rickshaw , buse and train even today . peopl who are primarili concern with their financi statu prefer travel by buse to have a car . major of the middl and most of the lower class do not even consid the option of own a car . for instanc , a person who plan to spend $ 100 for hi monthli convey can not opt for a car which incur an expenditur of 250 $ as it consum the lion 's share of hi earn . thank to the ever-ris petroleum and crude oil price , the option of own a motor vehicl ha gone further down the list of luxuri to be possess . but , the wide rang of comfort a car offer ha been someth to think about in the present day situat where time is of essenc and the need for speed in life is pronounc . car are the emerg mode of transport in the present world scenario in a broader sens . they are no longer a luxuri , rather a necess now . i would person like to justifi my opinion by say that ani statement made can be accept if and onli if it applic to the major of the popul . ofcours , in the unit state , travel by air ha prove to be cheaper than that of by air and thu can lead to specul that ground travel would be less prefer in the futur . pollut ha also been cite as a reason in the case of car . but in view of the larger pictur of the globe , it can be said that car would continu to be the most common mode of transport and commut in the near futur .