the statement `` it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject thn to special in one specif subject '' is a debat one . on one hand , special in one subject make individu an author over the subject . their expertis make them a trust name in that field , give them a great career and lead them toward great invent or discoveri benefit the humankind . on the other hand , have broad knowledg on mani subject will make individu develop wholesom appraoch toward a problem . i will go with the first view , that is , it is better for an individu to have special knowledg . special lead to complet masteri over the subject . it make the effort of the individu complet focus which is veri fundament toward do high qualiti research . for exampl a student of histori do a research on the 19th centuri situat which led to industr of a particular countri will knwo doubt benefit from have a bit of knowleg about the way the machin work . but in order to creat a histor work he ha to work in accord to the principl of research in field of social scienc and not get divert by go deep into unnecessari studi of the techniqu of manufactur a particualr product . thsi way he will not do jsutic to the histor problem which form the bsi of the research . it is special and not broad base studi of a varieti of subject that have led to great invent and discoveri . if galileo wa much bother about the social , econom or polit aspect of hi research he would not have revolutionis the world of scienc with hi celebr inventiona nd except discoveri . if if adventur magellan would have gotten busi in studi the societi and cultur of each place that hi ship land to , he woudl not have achiev soem of the greatest landmark in geograph discoveri . lastli , special improv the job prospect of an individu . most hig pay job requir specialist and not the `` jack of all trade and master of none '' . even in the busi world one would trust a person who is a season trader rather than a perosn who is a part trader . part time artist and a part time journalist . he would not be abl to do justic to either of the profess mention in the previou sentenc . to conclud , a person with special is what the world need . it make a person consist and explr all aspect of the given special whihc will not be achiev by have broad base knowledg about variou subject .