everytim you watch a science-fict movi which is suppos to take place in the 21st centuri , you ca n't help but notic that all the car seem to have been replac by super space-ship , teleport devic and similar revolutionari thing . but thi is the 21st centuri , and appar car are still hold on , even though we sometim find their presenc question see the global oil crisi and the environment problem . are car go to becom less and less use until they disappear ? i rather think that the car as we know it is about to go through a major chang , which doe n't obvious mean it end : it just need to adapt to the world 's new condit . first of all , it seem rather clear that in a few year , 50 or so , there wo n't be ani oil left for us to extract . what will we do when our ressourc are out ? it 's go to be a huge problem for car , becaus they ca n't work without oil . will we have to abandon them for anoth mean of transport , one base on a differ carbur ? well , mayb we just need to find a way to make car work with someth els . actual , the process ha alreadi start : more and more car are built as to work with oil combin with a natur product . in the futur , it may be possibl that oil wo n't be need at all , and therefor we will be abl to keep on use as mani car as nowaday . still , anoth problem remain : what about the environ ? while peopl buy more and more car , it ha becom obviou that the qualiti of the air in big citi like bombay or pari ha been increasingli dread . the solut seem to be to forbid the use of car in those citi , and to use instead other mean such as the subway . but wo n't the problem be solv if we find a new carbur for car , one that doe n't pollut the atmospher ? onc again , thi possibl is alreadi studi by mani scientist in the world , and it might come true one day . as a conclus , i would then say that there realli is a need to chang the way car work if we want to keep use them . it 's their qualiti , not their quantiti , which ha to be modifi : they will still exist in 20 year , but mayb under a differ form .