when you travel somewher you have never been , you want to learn everyt and explor everi part of that place . to accomplish thi you may need to form part of a group and be lead by a tour guid . by do thi , you make sure that you are go to learn mani fact . the downsid of thi kind of travel is that you are not go to have the chanc to explor by yourself . you need to decid wether you are go to be part of a group led by a tour guid or if you are go to explor and learn by yourself . usual you go to a museum or you visit an histor monument with a tour guid . thi tour guid will help you learn the histori behind the paint or object and will also give you great fact . the tour guid will be the instrument that will enabl you gain the knwoledg you are look for . you can be sure that you are not go to miss an import detail or fact becaus the tour guid is go to give it to you . at the same time , you may want to travel or visit a place without a tour guid . by do thi , you can explor and see thing at your own pace without other tell you what to see and for how long . when you travel by yourself , you have the liberti to decid your destin , the liberti to choos what you would like to learn . thi kind of travel will let you appreci thing more becaus you are in charg what you are go to do . in my person experi , i prefer a balanc of both . a tour guid is import becaus you are go to learn import fact . also , whith a tour guid , you are go to learn mani more and better thing . the onli bad thing about travel wiht a tour guid is that you are not go to have the freedom of see what you want or visit the place you would like . thi is whi sometim i prefer travel without a tour guid . in thi way i will decid what i want to see , i will decid the path i want to follow . i can give an exampl of thi on the time i went to rome with my famili . we went to see the church and the templ by ourselv , but we took a tour guid to see st. peter 's basil . i have to admit that with the tour guid i learn mani fact about that church that i never imagin , but at the same time i did not see everi part oth basil i want to see . if i had visit the church without the tour guid i probabl would not have learn everyth , but i may have seen what i want to see and visit .