whi onli few individu in the societi are success ? whi not everyon suc in their career ? a perfect answer to thi question is that not everyon tri new thing and take risk in their life . peopl commonli opt for safe and secur path of life . usual , peopl follow the most commonli use path and never tri to explor new way and mean to get to their destin . veri few make use of their novel idea to acheiv respect goal . thi emphasis the signific of follow creativ trend and take up riski challeng to end in success . scientist are the live proof for state that ` success result from explor and risk take '' . veri few turn into scientist becaus of their innov and research where in they tri to find out new procedur by experi in a differ fashion other than common peopl who do it in an alreadi known way . best exampl i can ever quot is about a professor in our medic school who tri to cure cancer in a differ form of therapi call brachi therapi rather than the regurali follow mode of treatment like chemotherapi or surgey . my professor experi with the new techniqu built up by hi ownknowledg and experi . student who take unrel cours rather than regular one may land in success soon . in addit , they have prove that noth is imposs if you tri hard to acheiv a goal . for instanc , one of my best friend regist in the cours liketheatr record and video tape as soon as he finish hi under graduat which is noth but take a risk as he is not sure of hi success with hi creativ idea of take a differ cours in hi graduat studi . howev , all our classmat found hi act to be surpris and conclud that he is go to end up in defeat and can never suc in hi career as he opt for an irrelev cours from hi undergradu studi . to everyon surpris , today my fri is one of the highest earner of the year by work in the theatr record and videa tape centr . in conclus , i person believ that success is never sought with out explor novel idea and involv of risk . infact , i have learnt from my person experi of life regard my professor and my close friend that one ha to take risk and tri someth new rather than follow everyon in the societi .