peopl need to move from place to place to carryout variou daili activ . right from the exist of man on earth he ha been nomad , move from place to place for food , shelter etc . so there must be some mean of transport and those mean chang as gener pass and as the technolog develop . earli man use to walk , later he use tame anim like camel in desert , hors etc and then he brought the revolutionari chang when he invent wheel . almost all the current mean of transport are base on wheel and one such wide use mean of transport is the car . mani peopl in the present societi have car and they use it daili to travel from home to offic or elsewher . so traffic ha increas enorm . in the come twenti year we will more car if they increas the way they are now . but i believ that in the next twenti year car will actual reduc becaus there are other mean of transport avail such that everyon need not reli on onli car for travel . technolog ha been grow along with requir of peopl . now more public transport system are avail which are use to the societi and the facil thay are provid are also increas day by day . public transport system like govern and privid own buse , public railway system , local train and even aeroplan have better their servic and increas their frequenc . so instead of use car mani peopl now are look into these mean for their routin purpos like go to school , colleg , offic etc . one more aspect of these public transport system is that they are a cheap and reliabl mean of transport . it can help mani peopl reach their destin with less risk and cost . govern are now introduc mani polici to encourag peopl to use more of thi public transport . mani benefit have been advertis like lower bu fare for student and worker who travel regularli , benefit for elderli peopl etc . mani fare concess are advertis . one more reason whi i feel car will come down is that the effect these vehecl are have on our environ make everyon to give a thought on use these vehecl . the pollut caus by these vehecl caus sever respiratori problem to the entir mankind . apart from such direct harm to health of human it also pollut the environ and lead to global warm . one good exampl to show that car will come down in futur is that countri like singapor and japan use more of bycycl rather than car . they advoc peopl that use of bicycl is not onli good for environ but also for our own health . their idea ha alreadi impress mani and in futur mani nation will definit follow thi . one more reason whi i think we will see fewer car in futur may be becaus of the fuel constraint . even today mani countri are have less rerserv of than what is requir . the fuel price have been grow higher and higher . so i agre with the statement that in twenti year there will be fewer car consid the variou reason mention abov .