in differ countri , we have differ type of educ , the question that must be highlight is which kind of educ id the best or the most effici . in my opinion , to have broad knowledg of mani subject is better . for that , i shall use how it affect social behavior and then how it is a simpler way for teenag to get to know which job they realli want to do . firstli , acquir a wide rang of knowledg allow one to interact more easili in one 's societi . by have at the same time notion of math , of geographi , histori or art for exampl allow commun to be wider . there are more subject to discuss about ; in other term have more knowledg is possess a larger cultur . i think that know fact about histori , geographi , philosophi , econom are import becaus they concern the humanhood and more specif our daili life , so they are benfici to us , how would we know where are countri when mention at the televis for exampl . the perfect imag of thi type of person who know a bit of everyth is sherlock holm who although be specialis in crime , due to hi occup , we learn that he know a varieti of thing : chemistri , self-defens are such exampl . throughout the differ stori , we can see hi easy to get in a convers with anyon on anyth . secondli , as a student i know that choos a futur job and thu select the correspond cours is veri difficult . as a fact , postpon such decis are a way to be fulli happi and total awar of their mean and consequ onc the time ha come . moreov , continu or begin academ subject is import becaus as time pass you can progress decid which you prefer and therefor make the right choic at the right time . howev , make a profession choic doe not impli let all the other knowledg down , in the contrari one can get special onc he is begin to work but by no mean forget what he ha learnd besid . to sum up , i would say that it is necessari possess a wide rang of knowledg as it allow to be more social , and it help to our comprehens of our environ . it help also on the choic of the job one ha to make ha it give him time to appreci and to make the best decis for him .