think of a quantum physic professor who join a recept and is in a convers with peopl from veri differ field . he could be the best in hi field , he might have won countless prize on hi theori about quantum comput , but he might look like a complet fool when the convers is about the idea brought on by franz kafka in hi book `` metamorphosi '' . that is , if our professor ha focus onli on hi own subject and left out all the other one , fail to creat himself a gener cultur . as i tri to give an idea of a man who ha focus onli on a specif subject with my exampl abov , i think that one ha to have certain knowledg on all field if he/sh want to gain some reput among peopl of the same standard , even if he/sh might be the best in his/her own field . although you have to spend most of your time on the subject you are special in , in order to be succesful , the requir are much higher in today 's world . you ca n't just give up on all other aspect of life and isol yourself from other academ subject , be a stranger to what the major of the world is talk about . thi is whi student are constantli be test on topic they might not be interest in , nowaday . although cri of anguish like `` when will a person like me who 's tri to becom a comput engin will ever use the characterist of sonnet ' in shakespear 's poem ? '' are constantli be heard in school corridor , it is essenti that one learn certain knowledg about everi topic he/sh can , even if it may seem trivial at first . thi time , think of a quantum physic professor who know a lot more than onli quantum comput . think of a well dress professor who ha someth to say , even if it is veri brief , on ani topic that is brought on . think of how much more he 'll be respect than the ingor one i talk about at the begin of my essay . think how much better a societi could be even if half of it popul consist of peopl who tri to learn more on everi topic . they would commun in a much complex and in a much more humanist way than the major of the world doe today , would n't they ?