the usag of car ha been increas sinc the begin of 20th centuri , with the fordist era - the easi and mass product of car in 1900 . howev i believ that it ha reach to it peek and in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today , becaus peopl are becom more concern with environment issu , petroleum price are constatli increas while it suppli is decreas , which caus financi problem and car user start to find new solut nowaday and public transport is rapidli develop . fisrt of all , the global world is now awar of the environment problem . for the sustainabl of mankind , the carbondioxid emmis must be drop . billion of car in traffic , all around the world are produc carbondioxid and destroy the ozon layer . fortun , there are mani organis , public group and volunt that tri to educ peopl on thi issu and peopl are now feel more respons for the environ they are live in . i believ these effort will result in posit outcom in twenti year , and peopl will start to find new way of transport in order to save the world . care about the environ is not the onli reason whi peopl are tri to find new way of transport . the constant increas in the petroleum price due to the decreas in it suppli , also lead car user to search for new solut . employe of the same compani or student of the same school start to share car nowaday . by thi way , they can share the cost of the car . in additon , there are some restrict by some govern that support thi solut . for exampl in unit state , peopl who pass across a bridg alon in his/her car pay more fee than the one share their car . in additon usag of bicycl , motorcycl and scooter also increas , and keep increas . the last reason whi i think that car usag will decreas in the futur is becaus of the develop in other transport system . public transport is get more effici with the technolog develop and it seem like it is go to improv even more in the futur . for exampl in turkey , as economi improv , more subway line are be construct . now , most of my friend come to school by subway instead of buss or their provat car . in addit to get widespread in all around the citi , the subway system is now much more comfort and fast than befor . societi ' increas awar in environment issu , increas price of and decreas suppli of petroleum and the improv in the public transport sysem will result in fewer car in usag in twenti year .