as unfortun as it may sound , there is no doubt that it is true . `` young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun , '' but whi is that ? what ha chang in the principl and moral be preach to adolesc over the last decad or more ? in realiti noth ha chang , except for today 's previous unseen rapid adanc and develop in the technolog sector of societi creat a world of technocrat countri . young peopl are realli the victim of thi technology-cent lifestyl , becaus they are the primari consum of video game , comput , and listen devic . engulf in their own world of entertain , teenag do n't care anymor about the slum and the sub-standard educ that mani of their countri 's citizen are experienc . today , what 's constantli on a teenag 's mind is whether or not hi parent are go to buy him a playstat for hi or her birthday and not what he or she can do to help societi . therefor , high-tech advertis ha creat a highli capitalist consum cultur , which doe not allow for adolesc time to think about their surround or world issu . in regard to advertis , televis is it best and most common mean of transfer . televis as neil postman ha said , is gradual corrod our onc highli regard societ valu . the discours of televis is quick and entertain , introduc you to the world 's problem in an entertain manner and therebi render them as far away dilemma with no conern what so ever to the person watch . for exampl , a person might watch a news reel describ the high amount of toxic fume in hi or her area , but they would'nt do anyth about it , becaus the advertis follow the alleg serious of the news cast put infront of it audienc a brand new xbox . now the concern of the teenag is to find way that could get him or her that xbox . what happen to the toxic fume stori ; it just becom someth he or she heard . technoloogi is quickli elimin the import of famili and societ valu . as a result of global it is practic imposs now to hault the grow self-centerd that is character more children . children are grow up and all they see around them is fun and entertain , even when one ha the urg to turn seriou and turn on the news cast all he or she encount is anoth form of entertain . therefor , with entertain so easili access , then it would make sens that teenag or `` young peopl '' would becom engulf in a bubbl world of their own , where the problem of societi are nonexist to them .