some student think it is more import to understand idea and concept rather than learn fact . i belong to thi categori of student becaus idea and concept are more gener and easier to understand . the first reason whi i think it 's more import to understand idea and concept is the varieti of situat i can appli the same concept . sometim , dure their studi , peopl learn of lot of differ idea from their mani cours . at the begin , student might think that all the concept they learn are onli relat to the class they are take . howev , student may be surpris that a specif topic can also be appli to other disciplin . for instanc , when i went to the univers , i enrol in a seminar of ethic issu regard medic intervent . at first , i wa n't veri interest learn thi subject just becaus my major wa in busi . howev , the week after the seminar , a dramat event happend . in fact , my father lost hi job without logic reason and after 25 year in the same compani . at thi point , i chang my mind and i saw that ethic can also be appli in busi manag becaus obvious the compani in which my father work had no ethic . moreov , i think that understand idea and concept is more import than learn fact becaus it 's easier . when peopl learn fact , it could be veri hard to understand the main idea or the conclus of an event . inde , fact often involv differ point of view and conclus might differ from a person to anoth . unlik fact , idea and concept are the most of the time veri clear . for exampl , if a student in an econom class learn the concept of suppli and demand , it must be veri clear becaus everybodi agre with thi concept . howev , the fact that the price of tomato ha increas after a twister becaus all plantat were destoy is not alway obviou . in fact , mani other facto might be involv in thi phenomenon . in conclus , i deem that it 's more import for student to understand idea and concept more than learn fact . nevertheless , after have understand concept , student may have the opportun to appli these idea to some specif fact .