there is a famou aphor that say `` jack of all trade but master of none '' . i agre with thi say and henc donot think that it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject . instead , one should special in a singl subject . firstli , in today 's dog-eat-dog world , it is import for a person to get ahead in the rat race . special in a singl subject help an individu to have exclus knowledg of that subject and henc he will secur more lucr offer in the field of employ . the demand increas and the suppli be less , the individu is reward ampli for hi spcializ . also , there is an abund of academ topic to choos from and veri littl time to pay total attent to them . gain knowledg about mani subject is simpli impract . secondli , if a person concentr on myriad subject at the same time , unless he is an except brilliant individu , there are chanc of hi get overwhelm with the sheer divers in the subject that he ha to deal with . for instanc , it is a wide known fact that leonardo da vinci wa a true geniu and had master variou field rang from scienc to art , which is evid in hi work ; from model aircraft , to bridg , to the `` vetruvian man '' , to `` mona lisa '' . thi goe to show that unless an individu is confid about hi capabl , that is he can deal with a vast number of subject like da vinci did , he should not bite off more than he can chew . also , from the scientif view point , the averag human brain can process onli a limit amount of inform at a time and that too about a certain number of topic . though it is proven that we use onli 10 % of our brain capac , whi not focu the remain 90 % on a singl subject and master it ? deal with too mani topic at one time could lead to confus and chao and could result in frustrat for the individu . moreov , if a person ha special knowledg about a particular subject , he can work in collabor with specialist from other field , henc enabl him to social as he simultan distribut hi knowled to other . in thi process he also gain knowledg of other field . final , i think that a person should have a basic awar and not a thorough knowledg of as mani subject as he possibl can . in thi day and age , special is the key to a success academ , profession and social life .