i agre with the statement , that young peopl do not give enough time help their commun . an articl in a german magazin said , that today we live in a world of intership . whenev you have free time , you have to spend it sensibl , which mean by spend it in a way , that it look good on your curriculum vita . work in your commun , help old peopl for exampl , might look good on your cv becaus by that you can show your social skill . but if that commun work is senseless for your further profession life , you will not do it bacaus there is no use for you . that is how it work today . everyth you do ha to have a sens for your own futur . so if you want to proof your social skill , you would probabl prefer pick out an internship or ani other servic , that is more link with your futur work goal . one reason for thi way of decid , what to do , is competit . in my opinion we live in a world of competit . not onli in school or univers , everyon is compet , whether it concern your schoolmark or your abil to make new friend . everyth is a question of competit . if you plan to work in your commun in the futur , help your commun is a possibl of rais your chanc of get a job later . but becaus of compet against everybodi around you , it is kind of out of fashion just to help somewher out without get a piec of paper , that say what you have done . mayb there are some peopl , who help their commun without expect to get a document afterward but i think , thi might onli be few . further there might be person who would like to hepl , but do not have the time to do so becaus of their profession life for exampl . help in fact mean , do someth without a reward . nobodi i know ha the time left to do someth without get a reward . so i guess there are quit a lot of differ reason , wheather it is their profess , their goal or their opinion by not want to help their commun becaus peopl think , nobodi would help them , there are not mani peopl left who actual help their commun . and i do not believ , that the number of peopl , who are will to help will increas in the futur .