have you ever thought about the advertis on tv , magazin , or newspap ? are they realli show the real valu of the product ? thi discuss is still talk among peopl and scientist . there are mani compani produc new product . so , they have to sell these product in some way . one of the most effect way is advertis . how do the advertis show thi product to us ? accord to me , most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . there are two reason for thi : the compani can not spend much more money for their product than they spend now , and there is no good reason to trust advertis . first of all , the compani are play an import role in thi schene . whi ? becaus they are produc lot of product . when they are make these product , they have to be care about the price and qualiti . these two thing are veri opposit . if you want to make a good product , you should spend money for thi , or you can just spend littl money for your product , but it can not be a good product . if you becam a manag or owner of a factori , which would you prefer ? compani in thi sector are produc their product with cheap cost . so , the product are not realli qualifi . after that , they will sell these product , but how ? advertis is a good answer to thi question . they will you tv , magazin , or newspap for their product . in thi time , advertis show these product seem much better than they realli are and peopl are buy these product . in busi life , the import thing is to earn lot of money from their produt by use advertis . so , these advertis are veri use for sell them . the second thing is that there is no good reason to trust advertis . for exampl , on the magazin or newspap there are some product to becom thinner and they are give a chanc to have a good bodi shape for peopl . in the advertis , there are some effect pictur in order to sell these product , but how can we trust these product ? there is no good reason and also these medicin or product can be veri danger for our bodi . mayb we can die becaus of these product . if you want to have a good bodi shape , you should go to doctor and take some advis from them . you sholud n't believ these advertis if you want to be healthi . consequ , there are lot of advertis on media and they are introduc mani product . we should't forget that these advertis are make product seem much better than they realli are .