i agre that success peopl tri new thing and take more risk than do the thing which is alreadi known there are sever exampl in variou facet of our life . let us discuss a few of them in polit , scienc and technolog and adventur . mahatma gandhi , ha fought for freedom and got the independ . at hi time it wa complet unthink , how one can use non violenc as a method of struggl and fight for freedom . had he not tri the new thing and taken the risk , one can not imagin what could have been the consequ . mani adventur ha explor the contin and ocean and found mani place and peopl . with out the temper and charact to tri to do thing differ and with out take risk it would not be possibl . at the scienc and technolog front there were million of exampl . as one of our professor say , to be success one need not do differ thing but do the same thing differ . the same thing ha been implement by mani scientist and we are enjoy their invent . to name few the invent of bulb , telephon , electron comput , automobil , aeroplan and medicin . the way we are send space shuttl and unman mission to mar and saturn is a tell exampl of how differ the scientist think . the drug discoveri also ha seen some radic think . unless one tri to do thing off beat , it is not alway possibl to get interest and use result . everi aspect of our life we can find such exampl . unless one ha new way of think and abil to take risk , he / she can not be success . if everi one doe the same way and think the same way we shall be get the same kind of result and probabl we can not be call human be but robot . success peopl tri new thing and take risk , convers is also true as per the abov mention exampl . but one shall not get car away and say that do unconvent and riski thing is the onli way to be success . as again one of my professor put humorosli , ` all the research is crazi think but not all the crazi think is not research ' . to conclud one shall think differ , do thing which were not tri befor and take calcul risk to be success .