i have a father who work veri hard . he is a manag of a group of japanes peopl at a compani call hitachi . sometim my father work so hard that he work at hi compani until the next morn . i feel bad for him sometim . one day , i ask him about how he manag to do all the hard work . in japanes , he said that he enjoy the work that he doe and he said that the work that he doe is veri hard work , but he feel reward when he finish the work becaus he get a bonu when he doe an extra hard work . i work veri hard too . i go to a veri demand american school with high standard . i work hard to keep up my grade in my ap environment scienc , ap calculu and ap statist class . dure the time off when i have free time , i work on my homework . dure the weekend , i work on my homework . i am under a lot of stress and pressur . i turn my colleg applic in last week . i am worri that i might not get accept into the colleg that i intend to get in . fyi , the colleg that i appli to last week wa in america . my parent also gave me an option to appli to japanes univers but i can not appli to them until i get the result from the american univers becaus the year start differ for american and japanes univers . to be honest , i do not know which countri to go to . in addit , i have a choic of reject the univers in america and instead appli to a univers in japan or i can go to a univers in america . either way , i do not know which countri to choos between japan and america . the univers in america that i appli to will give me the result of whether i am a good candid or not in april . moreov i have three month until i can decid whether i will go to america or not , but i have not a clue about which countri to choos becaus i love both countri . ( i can not stay in england becaus of financi problem ) consid that young peopl are peopl younger than a colleg student like me and older peopl are peopl who are older than a high school senior , i think older peopl enjoy life more than young peopl . young peopl are under enorm pressur becaus of the issu with the univers and the futur after that . on the other hand , older peopl do not have to endur with that pressur becaus they have alreadi gone over that obstacl .