there is great debat on the academ arena about whether to have broad kowledg on mani academ disciplin or to special in one specif subject . nowaday , peopl are highli puzzl with thi question and are have difficulti to choos their path . depend on my person experi and the conjunctur of today 's world i would definet claim that special in one specif subject is more benefici to one . to begin with , globalis is at it peak on the 21st centuri . thi fact bring a lot of commun tool like televis , cabl tv , internet , ... etc . all these sourc of commun feed peopl with inform . although , load of inform sometim creat confus still it make an awar . thu , in the globalis world more peopl know more thing on more issu . in other word , most of the peopl becam abl to have a say on ani issu with the inform come from commun sourc . thi , made the `` gener inform '' less valuabl . in the past , there wa no internet or tv . access to inform wa valuabl . thu , be abl to talk on ani issu wa a virtu . nowaday , have gener inform is accept as someth normal . so , it is expect from peopl to say more profession and more specif thing about their issu which make the special in one specif subject necessari . secondli , i am an intern relat student at a univers . i am plan to graduat thi year . howev , i realiz that i would face difficulti in find a job . the reason is that when i graduat from thi depart i would be abl to say someth on everi issu without be a specialst on ani of them . to illustr , i know someth about microeconom and macroeconom - becaus i took that lectur dure my 4 year educ - but i am not an economist . just in the same way , i know about psycholog and sociolog a littl but i am not a psychologist or sociologist . all these fact made me awar that i have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject but i need to special . thu , i decid to appli for a master 's degre . thi illustr well explain whi special is a better choic . in conclus , the new conjuctur of the world which came through the process of globalis and my person experi proov that special is a better choic that have a broad knowledg on mani academ subject . the increas demand of peopl on have a master 's degre in today world would be anoth proof of thi necess .