becaus i am not an old person yet , also i do n't live with my granpar and i do n't have close person who is old , so i just can imagin how old peopl 's life will be . or i could get inform from watch tv or read book . to enjoy life , i think it should be onli one thing to do . have friend ! thi is the most import thing peopl should do when they want to enjoy their live . thi dose n't matter either the person is young or old . so i disagre with the sentenc . have a convers with friend will make my life much more enjoy . i alway feel that ` friend ' are my treasur . in other word , friend will be the key to enjoy life . when i be alon by myself , i need to enjoy just by myself which is veri hard to do . if i am with my friend , i could laugh say joke or have girl talk . also , i could redus stress have a convers or complain about the problem i have . have less stress in life will make our life enjoy , as well . therefor , i think we should have at least a littl stress in our life to spend time more valuabl . when we do n't have stress at all , we ca n't understand the peopl who had stress or we will wast time for not have a stress . but when we have to much stress , we ca n't focu on the thing we should do or need to do . have a good meal will also make our life better . when peopl get hungeri , especi me , we will get angri and wo n't have enough space in our feel to enjoy someth . for have a happi life , our stomach should be happi like us . have a hobbi is import like other . i love to play soccer and i 've been play for more than ten years-includ few year when i did n't . thi hobbi make me veri happi and satisfi with the life i have . the most import thing of have a hobbi is that we could be conecct with other who ha a same interest . i had mani friend from the same soccer team , which make my life enjoy becaus of the first reason . mayb when i get old , it might be imposs to play soccer , but still i can talk about soccer with my friend ! there is no reason that old peopl wo n't have an enjoy life like younger . we could have same great life if we tri to enjoy ourselv . i think the peopl who are not enjoy their live are not tri to enjoy . i am enjoy my life-follow the reason i think i should do to