some peopel say that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . howev , i disagre with the statement becaus i have felt that fact can automat teach idea and concept in mani situat . in histori and chemistri class , the learn that i wa abl to learn complex idea and concept by simpli learn fact . in my histori class , u.s. histori 1 honor , understand the flow of event is as import , or more , as memor ton of factual inform . when i took the cours 's first test in the begin of the semast , expect their to be onli factual and straightfoward question , i wa amaz that how mani idea , concept , and abstract question appear on the test . for upcom test , i tri to understand all these idea question by ask myself question like `` whi did thi happen ? '' or `` whi did thi person tri to accomplish thi ? '' howev , i found myself often lost and get these type of question wrong on the test . then , i figur out a new way to get around thi problem . it wa just to memor more and more fact ! by know a lot of fact that have happen , i wa abl to gather all these inform and draw conclus out of these fact . then , i wa abl to answer the troubl idea and concept question more accur , and i start to understand the histori as whole . in addit , my chemistri class seem like a pure essenc of idea and concept in the begin . the class requir me to understand these abstract idea like balac chemcal equat or figur out proper atom mass . first , i wa entir lost and unabl to learn how to solv these problem becaus i just could not underst the concept of it . the teacher tri to help me out by re-explan these thought and idea over and over again , and i still need more help . then , it wa factual exampl which realli help me to get these . by look at how the teacher and my friend solv these problem , i just learn what to do when problem approach to me . i immit their way of solv problem , and i wa abl to solv ani chemistri problem on my own . thi realli made me think that learn factual process is as import as understand the concept . thu , it is more import for student to learn fact than it is for them to understand idea and concept . of cours , idea and concept are ultim goal the student to achiev in school . howev , befor they tri to reach it , they realli should learn factual inform enough first . in that way , the student will feel much easier to understand the concept . therefor , learn fact in firsthand is more import than understand idea for student .