i hardli rememb ani incid when some young elder member of my commun ha offer to help me in ani way . the grow globalis and ever-increas competet see to it that evryon becom self-celtr and work for one 's own gain , thu significantli reduc ani chanc of social servic or social commit . i total agre that the youth today are not spare suffici time help their commun . increas competit , declin in the moral and ethic standard , uncontrol desir , advanc of technolog have been depriv today 's youth to even think about help their commun . if we check out ani field , be it academ or non-academ , we see that there is an increas competet . so , to surviv in the world of competet and to retain hi place in thi veri tough world , the young man of today is driven to focu on hi career aspect and to continu spend huge amount of time better hi prospect for a better futur . moreov , we constantli see a continu declin in the moral and ethic standard in ani commun . and the peopl who are more into degrad moral and ethic are the youth . thi degrad of moral valu leav them so hollow that they can hardli think about their commun , let alon help them . thi moral degrad can be seen quit predominantli in ani part of the world today . someon rightli said `` man is driven by desir '' . the `` desir '' of today 's youth have becom so intens and so uncontrol that they can hardli resist these desir , and moreov they are be driven by the not-so-good desir . desir to advanc posit is alway conduc to one 's person , but desir for `` illegitim '' thing ha been have a lethal effect on the individu person . so , thi depriv him of the need to think about other in the commun and even help them . with newer and newer technolog arriv in thi world , the youth are engag themselv in take pleasur in these technolog . for exampl , with newer and newer video game in the market , the youth are driven to purchas them and spend most of their time play video game . thi cultur of play video game is steal away so much time that the individu hardli realis it . moreov , thi particular activ is eat up most of the avail free time so that an individu can hardli think about help hi commun . so , keep all these factor in mind , i total concur with the statement that today 's youth is not give adequ time help their commun .