the number of car in use across the world ha been grow steadili for the past fifti year , and one might naiv expect that the number will keep increas . howev , a more care examin of the factor that affect the number of car indic that over the come year , it is like that the number of car across the world will declin . in particular , improv telecommun , improv public transport facil , rise fuel price , and rise concern for pollut and congest are like to lead to a declin in car use . let us first examin some of the caus for the rapid growth in car use in recent time . first , improv technolog ha result in reduc cost of car construct , and increas affluenc of peopl ha result in greater capac to purchas car . second , road network have permeat citi and villag across the world , henc peopl are much more tempt to buy car . howev , both these factor might be near their satur point , now that road network alreadi veri extens and car are within a rang of afford for mani . anoth import factor in the growth of car use over the last fifti year is the increasingli hurri and rapid pace of life where peopl are expect to be avail at ani date , ani place and ani time . peopl with the money have often prefer to buy their own car rather than be at the merci of errat public transport . howev , the same hurri pace of life may now oper against car . with improv underground railway network in major citi , and increas road congest , mani peopl have start prefer a train or bu commut to drive their own car through traffic . in addit to public transport , mani compani and organ now run transport servic for their own employe , which help promot timeli as well as disciplin among employe . avail such transport facil free peopl of preciou time and energi that would have gone into drive . the teenag gener of today ha seen the congest of road , pollut and rise fuel price that have been brought about by an overus of automobil . when these teenag grow up and becom the work class of societi , they will thu keep in mind the advers effect of car prolifer and mani of them may refrain from get or use their own vehicl . anoth import factor that will lead to a declin in car use is the rapid growth of telecommun that will render a lot of transport irrelev . today , peopl can do a lot over email , telephon , instant messag , and the internet . a person can shop while sit at home , keep in touch with close rel , and even particip in live discuss . thu , the need for instantan mobil will reduc significantli . to summar , i feel that car use is like to declin over the come year , both due to a recognit of the inher problem with car prolifer and due to the emerg of viabl altern for quick transport and easi access .