everi one like to travel everi where in the world . sound amaz when you see anoth cultur and peopl . the travel will be so exat when you have good inform about the countri you want to visit and when you have your friend with you . everi one have anoth interest aobut travel . some of peopl like to visit onli the famost place in that countri . anoth like to discov some place get injoy in it . will say when you have tour guid , they like to make limit for your think about that countri by persusut you about some place and they let you to forget about anoth place . correct they know littel bit about that countri and they alreadi made alot of trip there , but in same time there is alot of place . some time they can go some place you can get it by your self . alot of tour guid focu about musium , zoo , mountin , fun and safe area . when you go alon you will tri to fine some inform about that erea . and from that inform you will get more inform when you go there . stup by stup and you will have good trip by your self with out tour guid . i disagre to have tour guid when i travel becaus they will make limit for my mind about that countri . they cant focus about me and my friend what we want , becaus they have some benifit form that place . they make limit for your time , becaus you must car about the time more than your fun . as exampl when you spend more time you and your firend , and you dont respect the time they will leav for anoth place and pick up you after they finish or they will skip one place in the schedual as bunish for your deali . some time friend dont like to go as group for one place becaus some of them want to go anoth place . that time they can divad by to group not same as when you be with tour guid . tour guid have pacific time and place . finiali , tri to get your travel by your self to get more freedom and have more fun . tri to fine all the inform by your self becaus the tour guid will not let you to do what you want . think care about what you want befor you do it to save your money and you be batter than to be with tour guid . tour guid will not kill hi busi becus of you and your friend . you will get alot of fun when you descov new place and get impact with new peopl .