today , mani technolog advanc are be made to reduc the pollut emit by car . the ga from the muffler tip of automobil have caus a seriou amount of air pollut , but nonetheless , i believ that car will maintain their number after 20 year . to start , techonolog ha made car much more `` green '' , that is to say they are less harm to the environ . green car will evetu replac the modern gasolin or diesel power automobil , which will lead to cleaner air . as more and more effici techonolog make their appear under the hood of our car , we will all be drive a car that doe littl or no harm . but , we are not go to get rid of our car . for exampl , in the u.s. it is pretti much imposs to live without a car . whi ? it 's becaus due to the larg amount of land , everyth is space out nice enough , but in unwalk distanc . next , when 2026 roll along , the advent of fli autombil , jet-pack , etc will make it to the door of some peopl . in other word , those who can afford those high-tech gadget . jetpack and fli car might reduc the number or car , but how mani peopl will own such ? veri littl . the lucki few might fli around town , but the major of us will be drive on rout 95 on our new all-hybrid civic . so , technolog will bring about a slight declin to the number of car , but still not enough for us to notic the differ dure our everyday commut . howev , thi is n't to say that the number of car will stay the same or declin just a littl . if technolog keep on advanc at a rapid pace , i believ that we will have invent a new form of transport that is far more effici than the autombil we drive today or the one we drive in 20 year . if thi is the case , then the declin in the number of car is a thing that we all can look forward to . in summari , i would say that a lot of factor will contribut to the declin or inclin in the number of car . the real situat that we will incount is someth we wo n't find out until it is at our doorstep . regardless of techonolog improv rate , i am sure that there will be at least a small declin in the number of automobil . if there is no declin , at least we are go to be abl to live without worri that the exhaust from our car is go to creat a hole in the ozon layer .