in these day , mani peopl believ that do what they alreali taken certain job or activ is more benefici and stabl to maintain their make money . howev , contrari to the popular trend , i strongli believ that tri new thing and be a risk-tak is much better than be stationari . the rational behind thi is that contact with new peopl and have an opportun to success . first of all , tri innov thing can play a vital role in creat mani place to meet variou peopl . it is larg becaus tri the invent thing , such as self-perform on the street . from my experi , i decid an import decis that affect my futur life . the decis is studi abroad in new york . befor determin my direct about go the unit state , i thought about the futur as well as my friend do . in contrast , i final came the citi to studi modern educ . accordingli i could meet a varieti of peopl who work differ and uniqu job . addit , i am live with african-american person who ha five job . i could learn mani cultur differ and adopt thi cultual gradual . if i had not been for take a risk through abandon my routin rout , i could not have met the kind of person . furthermor , be a risk-tak contribut to catch opportun to success . it is attribut to the fact that be in some place that can be danger situat , such as a owner of ventur market includ advantag and disadvantag . howev , a consider amount of statist have proven that the advantag are outweigh than anoth . the best exampl of thi is my father 's case . my father , mr. sung , start an own enterpris about manufactur of paint 6 year ago . mani peopel said that the case would be harm to live and maintain our famili 's econom situat . howev , he continu struggl to overcom mani riski problem . final , we have got great success . if my father had not taken the big adventur , our famili would have remain as a level of the poor . in conclus , without the slightest doubt , tri new opportun is more benefici than stay stabl . the reason are that connect with new peopl and new chanc to succeed wa provid by take risk . all in all . i firmli agre that the say , `` no pain , no gain . '' take risk and meet chanc onli creat success .