what road for car is it possibl to predict the futur ? to some extent , of cours , no is a definit answer ; yet , if there is a way to do that , it is by look back at the past , and infer from it the trend that are like to continu and those that are like to stop . so , in order to tri to give an answer to the much-discuss question concern the futur of car , we must refer to histori . after their invent at the begin of last centuri , car have mad a long road ( pun intend ) : although consid for a while a futureless object ( as it happen for most of other invent ) , or even a terribl danger monster , they becam more and more common , and by the half of the 20th centuri ( in the western world ) had start to becam a popular way of transport . so , should we look onli to thi phase of car ' histori , we would probabl be lead to think that they are bound to grow in number more and more with the expans of rich from industri , western countri , to the rest of the world . yet , somehow surprisingi , the last decad of the 20th centuri have wit the increas in the number of circul car get slower and slower in the industri world , and especi in the so-cal third-sector base societi . in other term , it seem that , if the number of car get higher proport to the welfar of a peopl , it also reach a certain level when it stop grow , or even start get smaller . thi phoenomenon account for the fact that apart for the micro-st , the highest ratio of car to inhabit can today be found not in the richest countri such as the u.s. or canada or the u.k , but in countri that have start to develop a littl later ( such as itali , or ireland ) , and where the invers of the process ha not still occur . but how can we explain such a trend ? the answer is quit easi : when a peopl start to get richer it can afford car and so buy them ; but connect with wealthi often come the realiz of the import of such end as clean air or comfort , pleasant citi , which lead more and more peopl to prefer public transport ( the use of which ha increas drammat in the industri world over the year ) . also , other easier and more practic mean of transport becom access to the mass ( let just think of low-cost air compani ) . all thi consid , the onli way to decid whether car will becom more in the next twenti year is state which will be the level of wealthi and it distribut around the world at that time . if it s in fact fair to say that the number of car in develop countri will have decreas , it is much more difficult to consid teh case of develop countri . in twenti year , in fact , they will hope have began a process that will make them richer , which will increas the number of car worldwid ; yet , if some of them at least will have done so much faster than we can now predict , by that time they will probabl also start to show the sign of the opposit trend .