some peopl like to travel in a group led by a tour guid . thi solut present the advantag of not have to worri about the organ of the trip . although thi way of travel is easi , i personnali prefer to avoid the tourist rout and adapt my schedul to my own interest and mood , rather than be part of a guid tour . travel in some countri , where languag and cultur are real boundari ( japan , china , ... ) can be realli challeng . guid tour in these case facilit greatli the process of organ a journey to such area of the world . guid tour also gener focu on the most remark locat and attract that `` must '' be seen . they sometim provid a valuabl insight on the local cultur and past . in some case , a guid is even absolut requir to ventur in part of the world such as desert . howev , guid tour tend to alway target the most tourist site . in countri like vietnam or china , guid tour have creat real tourist rout . i believ that follow these path do not provid a good idea of how the countri work , how the peopl live , etc . .. some highli visit place also are of less interest than what advertis by the gide tour , which result in loos preciou time . when i travel , i therefor prefer to have the freedom to visit less tourist place , modifi my schedul as i wish and meet with the local peopl . even if i do n't speak their languag , i think that commun is alway possibl . a few year ago , i spent two month in india . i had the chanc to live for four week in a small villag in south inda 's countrysid . i felt that share the life of the villag inhabit help me to understand the complex and harsh of life in thi part of the world . dure the follow three week , i travel all around south inda and i found myself much more recept to the indian specif and custom . thi uniqu experi would not have been possibl if i had travel in a group led by a tour guid . as a conclus , i would say that when a guid in not absolut need , guid tour are not the best way to travel . travel in a group sometim result in miss littl or extraordinari thing that tell a great deal about a countri .