the question , whether it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject or to special in one spefif subject is an issu of controversi . first , i am go to point out the most import point in favor of have a broad knowlegd of mani academ subject . in my opinion it is veri import to have a reliabl basi of gener knowledg in mani differ field of studi , in order to be qualifi for all upcom challeng in futur life . especi in our modern time , one can never be 100 % sure to be abl to keep the same job dure one 's whole carreer . thi mean divers is what count today . peopl need to be adapt to new kind of task all the time , which will obvious work best , when they are educ as broadli as possibl . on the other hand , there are also argument in favor of specialis in one specif subject . to begin with , i would like to point out that despit the advantag of have gener knowlegd in mani academ subject , thi knowledg will alway stay at quit a superfici level . it is simpli not possibl to get a deeper understand of mani differ academ subject , as each one of them is veri complex in itself . in order to work in a respons posit , i.e. as a doctor in a hospit , the gener knowledg is not suffici . thi impli that at least for respons profess it is absolut necessari to special in one specif subject . in addit , human be are a veri divers speci . not everybodi ha the same compet . thi mean that peopl should be abl to special in the area they are interest in and in which they are abl to compet . for exampl a profession pianist might be veri dissatisfi , if he had to go to class of econom instead of be abl to go to more music lesson . to sum up , there are point in favor of have a broad knowleg in mani academ subject and point that argu in the opposit direct . in my opinion , a compromis should be found : dure the first year at an academ institut the student should be abl to gain a broad knowledg of mani differ field of studi but they should then be allow to special in ani area they want to , as nobdoy should be forc to studi a subject they are not interest in .