i disagre with the idea that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl becaus i think that young peopl do not have neither the experi nor the knowladg to appreci the gift of the live in it complet dimens . by the other hand , older peopl have the experi and knowladg that allow them to enjoy the most import thing in the life . in first place , i believ that we have to learn what is life and what is it purpous , in order to learn how to enjoy it . for exampl , i can notic that my two year old son enjoy to play with the piano but he doe not know how to play the piano . in that order of idea , life is like a piano , you need to learn how to live to appreci it in all hi dimenss instead of onli mere live becaus you have born . for exampl , older peopl frecuent have the wisdom to appreci their famili which they consid the mo import in their life , but young peopl tri to live appart of hi famili as soon as possibl in second place , each fase of the life ha it own time , if young peopl could understand what is realli import in life they could work to achiev those goal , like to studi to get a good job that allow them to rear a famili , instead of onli tri to pass the life as if it where a big and etern parti , and when the get older they realiz that have lost hi opportun to be realli happi . in third place , some young peopl go to fast in life that they cut their opportun to enjoy hi life in it own pace . nowaday they want to grew older to experi new emot , like drink alcohol , smoke , have sex or use drug , somtim influenc by the media or by their mate , they do not have the capabl to say no to some danger practic . but older peopl know better what is good or bad for enjo the life and how avoid danger practic . in concluss , to learn how to enjoy life is the reason becaus we have teacher or master . young peopl need to learn to live and to be prepar for the chaleng that live in nowaday have . in other word , young peol need to appreci and enjoy life in all it dimenss , and older peopl are call to teach their wisdom to the new gener to enjoy life .