i neither agre nor disagre with the follow statement . i strongli feel that success peopl are what they are becaus they have adventur on take new path , dare to build on new idea , but the hidden truth on care analysi reveal , even though those idea were risk for other , the winner have alway believ their thought and progress with them becaus they onli knew how to do them well . so i believ success peopl are an amalgam of these two differ path to be success which are illustr by the statement . for an exampl , imagin the situat of two of india 's biggest industri - the tata , and the ambani - the founder of whcih have risen from depth of poverti to dizzi height of fame and popular . both of them are an inspir for new india , becaus , they visual their dream even without a singl penni with them , and chose to take risk , even with small amount rather than save them up invest them into their idea and gave a structur to them , becaus they believ in their abil and also becaus they were crystal clear as to what they would acheiv , and they knew how to do it well . i believ both these path are interlink and are necess for anybodi to succeed , sinc reason impli that onli when you are confid in what you want to acheiv and how you want to acheiv , can you dare to take risk . ventur into new avenu without have a knowledg of `` how 's and whi 's '' of them onli lead you to failur . similarli confin yourself to your comfort zone , and in onli do thing you are comfort with , you are distanc yourself from other probabl thu restrict your success to a certain degre to quot an exampl actor are never consid act legend unless they have explor and don variou role and show their mettl in them . if an actor is extrem popular in comic genr , but is afraid to take new challeng , he will never be regard a success , but take a risk to don new role stem from hi confid and as the old say goe - an inconfid man is never deem a success . to sum up , i believ to be success , anybodi need to have the right blend of risk take abil and also the capabl to do thing as well as he can , otherwis the baromet of success would never reach it 's peak .