nowaday , peopl are use to live with their car in such a daili way that most of them could not act without it : go to their job , do their shop , and so on . on the other hand , the increas of oil price seem to lead peopl to think of use their car less . as a consequ , such a controversi situat can make us to wonder what the futur is destin for car . to my mind , even if ecolog may act so that in twenti year there is fewer car , there will be as mani car as today or even more . first , in my opinion , we must consid the situat in state which are develop , in order to have an idea of the futur about such technolog . inde , in countri such as india , peopl ca n't afford a car for everi member of a famili yet , like it is the case in the unit state , but in twenti year the state will be more develop and the citizen might have more money and thu might be abl to buy more car which stay a sort of myth of success . henc , even if new better technolog were put in place , they would be too expens for the develop state , and that 's whi i believ that there wo n't be fewer car . secondli , the habit and the economi are not to be chang staight away and peopl may be go on buy car . as a matter of fact , peopl are use to drive themselv everyday and everywher ; as a consequ it would be difficult to make them to use other mean of commun . for instanc , although student have a larg access to bu and metro , parent still buy a car to their children for their major in the unit state ; more than an indispens object , it is a symbol of freedom and of wealthi . otherwis , the factori are not also readi to give up their usual product , and thi all the more sinc it is veri expens to look for new system of commun . therefor , i think that the car is so integr in mental that it will take more than twenti year to chang is place , and so peopl will still buy car . final , from my point of view , news technolog will permit to improv car , in particular about oil necess and pollut , howev they wo n't lead to the end of car . inde , i think that scientist will find new manner to make the car to function but i fear they wo n't find such a revolutionari mean of commun that peopl will no loger buy car . for exampl , even if tey find a new product , they would have to adapt road , to make it not too much expens and to answer to all the demand . it seem to me that is more o project for fifti year than twenti . for all these reason , i think that they will not be fewer car in twenti year ; thi use tool is part of our life for still mani year .