i total agre with thi statement . in fact , most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are , but thi is necessari . i do not think , that it is right to cheat buyer in thi way , but i also can understand the reason for these behaviour . on the one hand , the firm had to attract peopl to buy their product . they want to make as much profit as they can to establish their enterpris . but they have to be better than other firm , who sell the same product . so all of them have to made their product look like the best product off all , to give the buyer confid in thi product . a car is a product , which ha got a lot of advertis on tv , or anywher els . when the peopl see those beauti car on tv , drive through nice - look street and with an entir famili sit in there , all smile and laugh , it is normal , that they get the feel of an unbeat , ultim product . the voic on tv tell you , how cheap it is and that you must get it , if you do not want to miss anyth in your life . in thi situat , everyon , espaci those , who alreadi ha the intent of buy a new car , want ` thi ' new car . but also younger particip of the famili are lure by the beauti made - up product on tv . for exampl ani kind of potato chip or ice cream . see the peopl in the advertis , eat those well smell and nice - look potato chip or ice cream , the smaller one even can not get away from the televis . it seem , that the ice cream tast so good , that they also want to get one of them instantli . but in realiti , when you are get the product shown on tv , it is not so good as it is shown . often the buyer get dissappoint even by see the car in front of them . sometim it doe not realli look as the same on televis . of cours it can not be the same ! the firm onli show product on televion , that have been correct with the help of comput to make it look better . in real life , no car in the world will shimmer in thi way . but it can also accur , that the product doe not contain all the opporun , which are promis in the advertis . so , to make a conclus to all off thi abov , it is realli unfair of the firm to cheat peopl , in order to attract them , to buy their product . but as we all can see , it work . perhap , we should not alway believ thing we see on tv instantli , to avoid the feel of disappoint , after buy the product .