rich peopl or successs peopl alway tri new thing not becaus they are not happi or so just beacus they want more and they think they can make more oir they need more for there futur . peopl in these day take a lot of risk to make more money or have a much more succes life . still when they are make good money and have a succes job they tri new thing . thing that they have n't done befor but thing that they think will give them more success in life . i think peopl do thi for three reason . if they are not happi with there standart of life or if they are so greedi that they just want more and more and they will never stop want or if they will not continu success in thi buisne for the rest of their life . in our case if you are success that mean you do have a life that is the way you want it to be . then there is two possibl situat you may not be succes in the futur with your current busi . like have a cloth brand . in these day there are compani like gucci , prada or more casual compani like polo ralph lauren or abercombi are the top brand but in these buis it is so hard to continu as a good compani for such long time . so peopl tri new thing they jump into new buis or make new agreement like pair with a cell phone compani and produc phone that ha the name of a cloth brand , becaus one day hi cloth may not start to sell and a compani like prada or gucci may be out of buisne so thi have to tri stuuf that are riski but still give them the oppurtun to continu success in there buis . in other hand you may be the richest men and you may never worri what will a be tomorrow . like bill gate he is the richest men aliv and he wake up twelv million dollar richer everi day but still he goe in to new buisn like have a consol `` xbox '' thi is all greed . or in other hand i 'm not gonna give name but think of man that make hi money from food buisne . he is so greedi that he tri someth way out of hi leagu . get into arcitectur buis and becaus he ha the money he take the risk but at the end he still make money and the risk he take wo n't hurt him or hi compani if he doe not succes in thi buis . in life succes peopl mostli tri new stuff not becaus they need money or more power they do it for the greed . success doe bring greed in to poepl and they allway want to be in top the most succes one .