i agre that most of the adverties are use to make product seem much netter than they realli are . we can see mani exapl of thi phenomenon in our daili live . ad have been an inevit compon of the daili media , such as tv , newspap , radio , even along the wall of the subway we use to go work everi day . the advertis are contin tri to make us believ that some product are worth buy . by without even we got influenc by them , we by ton of equip that we do not even need at all . a seriou problem i see with the advertis that they lack honesti most of the time . gener , those who prepar tyhe ad resort to trick and mislead statement that show their product better that they actual are . in the follow , i will give my obsrev on thi issu . firstli , i think that most ad tri to show a product differ than what it actual is becaus there are mani similar product of the same kind in the market . therefor , advertis use some lie to make their product distinguish among all it competitor . recent , i need some cut equip forth kitchen . in one of the exampl , i saw a set of equip which is told to be abl decreas the time spent in the kitchen to half . the knife kit wa shown to be abl to form varuiou structur to cut differ veget . it wa said to hae a mode for potato kneel anoth mode for peel carrot . have influenc by thi , i order the specif set of knive . howev , the result shock me . what i bought turn out to be a siml set of knive bundl with some simpel plasic box . obvious , i felt cheat . thi is an exampl how advertis can be effect in show thing differ than they truli are . moreov , i think the techniqu of distort the truth ha becom the unoffici definit of the advertis . there are mani exampl to convinc me to think so . today , the advertis use variou techniqu to show the product brighter than they are . they use televis show to ` prove ' the useful of the product . howev , all those show are set up previous . they consist of peopl just play their role to convinc us on the merit of a product . today , there are even some tv channel just for thi purpos . advertis reli on exxager the positi side of a product while suppress the neg side . an exampl is thebrochur of holiday resort . theyu alway show high storey build with a big swim poo in front . the scene is alway bright with a smi face in teh background . onc i have been decept by the beauti of such a brochur to buya holiday program on seasid . howev , what i end up when i arriv the holiday resort wa a disast . thre wa a pool , but it wa not function . the pictur on the brochur did not belong to the actual build . thi wa a veri bad experinc , which strenghten my belief on the fact that adverties are use to make product seem much netter than they realli are . as a conclus , i agre that advertiemnt are use to sho the product better than they are . i think thi is done in order to make a specif product distinguish among other similar one . moreov , i believ that thi approach ha been the norm among the advertis . therefor , one should be veri care when make result base on ad . the result can be veri disappoint , as it wa the case for my kitchen tool or my disastr summer holiday .