the cycl of life ha not chang sinc the begin of the time . everi humanb born , grow and die ; but the most import thing in thi preiod of time is to fill out your life in the most proper way which fit to you . everi period of thi life cycl ha it 's own rule and condit . when you are a child you are not abl to do whatev you want ; furthermor when you are a babi you are even not abl to tell what you want . thi cycl of life may seem a littl bit unfair to us but actual it is not . at that period none of us ha to take responsbl or none of us ha to work for earn money , so may be those time were the easiest and most favor part of our live . if you are in the middl period of your life cycl ; i mean if you are a young person , you are abl to do lot of thing without permiss , warn or even concern . as i mention befor while you are young you are abl to do whatev you want and even stupid or riski think ; but in thi case one import limit come into play , which is your metabol . as a perspect explan ; peopl are allow to do thing as long as their health and metobol let them . if you are a young person without disabl ; there exist about noth to stop you or prevent you from enoy the life . you can go to swim , you can go to scuba dive and you can even tri bunge jump ; but we all have to rememb that we have onli one limit which is our health . on the other hand if you are get older and , if it ha been a while sinc you pass the boundari line of middl cycl of your life ; it mean that you are not that strong as you were at your previou year . in thi cycl peopl start to loos their strength and energi , moreov their metabol get slower and slower day by day . thi of cours doe not mean that these kind of peopl are not abl to enjoy , but at the same time it mean that noe these peopl have some health limit and not abl to do whatev that they want now . in conclus everybodi in the world can enjoy the life ; but of cours not in the same ratio or amount . and who can deni that young peopl have a big advantag under these circumst ?