an advertis is someth that present peopl new product . these product can be car , lipstick , food and mani other thing . they can be seen in newspap , magazin or on televis . peopl , who prepar them , give a certain shape to these new product so that they can be seen more attract to peopl . actual , the problem begin here becaus thi may lead to the fact that advertis may make product seem much better than they realli are . in order to testifi the valid of thi argument , it is better to analyz it with an exampl . a famou car produc design a new car for peopl who are marri and have children . in order to attract their target market , the car produc make a deal with an advertis agent . the agent prepar an advertis that will be shown on tv . in thi advertis , the most beauti and thin housewif who gave birth just two month ago and hi veri handsom husband go into their new car with their veri cute children . the car , although it is design for middle-class famili look like a bmw in order to emphas it excel . at the end , thi wonder middle-class famili who own thi car , which look like a bmw , live happili ever after . thi exampl may sound a bit exagger but thi is the case that is creat by advertis . in advertis usual everyth seem in their best shape . the women , men , babi look alway perfect , which can not be realist . i am wonder how mani women , who gave birth just two month ago can be so thin as the woman in the advertis appear . also , the product seem much more better than their real shape . most of the peopl who are attract by thi car advertis go to the shop and think that they will have a car that is more luxuri than it seem . howev , thi is not the case becaus when they see the car by themselv , they are disappoint becaus the car is in realiti much more modest . all in all , these do not mean that advertis are not necessari . on the contrari , they are veri use for peopl to know new product but thi should not be in the form of convinc them . advertis should reflect the truth about the product so that peopl are not disappoint .