everi one like to travel some of peopl like to travel with a tour group and other like to travel alon . everi one ha hi opinon about that . whi he prefer to travel alon than travel as a tour group . in thi eassi i will give my obinon about to travl alon or as a tour group . i think , travel as a tour group is beteer than travel alon becaus there are two resoun sopport my opinon which they travel with a tour group make you feel convert and save . second reason is the tour group compani give you a lot of inform and there are alot of plan . so if i had thi aporon i would travel with group becus of these tow resin . first , travel as a tour group is save and more convert becaus i think the embler who work in ani tour comani they will not go to bad , unsav and harabol plase . offcour they will go to plase which they are knwen , famus , buteful and tuoreal plase for exampl park , mountin . so it is better than trevel alon becaus you mayb go to plase that you donot have ani idia about them . in fact i tri to travel with a tour group . it wa amas and veri exsit i love becus the sirvis of thi trip wich wa by bu verey good i didnot face ani problom with ani one i always walk and hangout with them it wa better than be alon . second reson is the tour group compani know give you a lot of inform and there alot of plan . the some exampl of that , they inform you about mani hotal that you would like to sleep on it and they let you knoe how much thi trip is go to take and if u like to be in which plan so it is better than alon . if travel alon you dont have a plan and which good hotel you have to be in.actuli i also traveld alon it wa so bore i just talk with myself , ididnot know how can i go to downton . so it is a bad idea to travel alon in concolsin , everi one ha hi opinon mayb i am wrong may you are wrong no budi can jaje . so i gave my opin whish is travel with group is better than alon becau of tow main thing the first one is save and the second one is there are alot of plan and infom . so i hope my reson make senc .