advertis are done to attract peopl , for the market of that product . the actual idea behind the advertis should be to introduc the qualiti of the product , it should includ the import of product & use of the product . i agre that most of the advertis make product seem better than they are . they think that if if advertis is attract then the product will sale good . but i beleiv that if the product is realli good it doesnt requir advertis . the peopl can talk about that product among themself when they will use that product that will be a real advertis . onc the product is launc in the market it need recognit . a normal advertis can help it . sometim it depend upon the product , if the product is veri use in daili life it doesnt requir much advertis . it depend upon the market also , depend upon the cost . if it is reson then each & everi person can use that product . there wa a big advertis of a perfum call ' love ' but when peopl use that perfum they realis that it wa not that good . but theer wa a big commerci on the anoth cologn call acqua di gio which wa veri popular & still it is popular , but the differ is now that cologn doesnt requir ani advertis becaus of it qualiti & the cost also . sometim i think if advertis is big that mean that product requir market , i mean it doesnot have a qualiti or what ? some advertis are made by spend lot of money eventhough the product is of low qualiti . there are peopl who think greater the advertis grater the popular but i dont think that is true . the product requir qualiti , avail , & valu . if the product is launc & if there is a great advertis about that product and the product is veri short in the market it useless . it will be better if they will spend more money on the qualiti of the product even quantiti of product . it may possibl by increas qualiti the product valu may get increas which is not good for all the peopl . accord to me the product should be more reson & use sothat each & everi person can afford it not onli by make big big advertis . the more the popular of the product by an advertis done by peopl more the popular product will be . advertis itself is an expenss process so valu of the product may get incres will caus decreas the sale of that product .