sinc the begin of respect civilis peopl taught their children and student to understand concept and theori . but when you ask a wise student what he think is better the theoret or practic aspect of thing , he will respond '' of cours practic '' .let 's take for exampl a histori book , the chapter of '' alexand the great '' is fill wih histor fact , thing that did happen , not idea that ha no shape in a student mind . peopl are attract by the practic thing sinc theori is too vapid for them . theori need a lot of concentr without realli match the concept . a person will be abl to match and understand someth onc he tast the thing . as a student i did not understand the chapter of '' probabl '' by the first time i need a lot of revis and practic and especilli practic practic . i did use a coin for exampl to understand the differ between two probabl . how can a student understand math and histori without be confront to pragmat situat . in order to convey thi kind of inform a teacher ha to make us feel the concept of the experi . can we say that alexand the great had two daughter ? of cours not , becaus the thing is that alexand did not have ani children . thi is a fact and can not be argu , becaus histori and ethnolog are fact and not nebul idea without shpe . let 's talk about art and music , how can we say '' thi is the fact '' these hobbi can not be consid as undeni becaus there is no answer for a question of art such as '' is it beauti ? '' i could say ye and my brother no . but if someon ask me '' did juliu cesar have a son ? '' i wuld say just as my brother '' ye '' becaus in fact thi respons is undeni . in conclus concept differ from fact and student have to manag both of them in order to be succes in the view of situat in life . as i state earlier their are no differ answer for a fact but their are infinit one for an idea that one may not sahr or take as grant . the real use or '' fusion '' of an idea and a fact will appear onc someon tri to be a philosoph and then tri to resolv unresolv problem that our ancestor thaught of befor us