did one ever ask themself the question how the world would like in twenti year ? i guess everyon did . i am ask to write an essay about the follow statement `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . today it is the year of 2006 . twenti year from now would be 2026 . popular thought against car are that they are not good for our enviro ( ozon ) so that it would be much better for the natur if the peopl would use train . as well as the argument that if one take the train one will not have to mess with traffic . those idea might contribut to the statement that there are go to be fewer car in use than there are today . in my opinion i do not think that there are go to be less car in use . a car is a realli nice way to get from point a to point b. one is not depend on the bu or the train . it is nice to have the opportun to use public transport but one also ha to reli on them . most of the time the bu doe not drive when one want to be at a certain place . for exampl , if a student want to be at school at 8.00 a.m. but the bu onli arriv there either at 8.05 or at 7.35 , he will have to be 5 minut late or wait for half an hour . have a car is much more conveni for that matter . i am sure that peopl will not stop drive car becaus of them harm the ozon . peopl destroy natur all the time . peopl alreadi know about the problem and do not do anyth about it so they will not stop drive all the sudden becaus of that matter . if one take a closer look at the argument that traffic might peopl hold back from use car , one can see that a train or bu ha it place where they need to stop and their certain rout . by take a bu one might even wast more time than be stuck in traffic . it alway depend on where on live though . i would recommend take the train in larg citi like nyc . but take the car outsid of the citi . i came to the conclus that one need to differenci between the citi and the suburbs/countri . i think that in twenti year from now car will be use fewer in the citi but in the suburb just as much as today .