it is a well known fact that it is onli in the hand of the youth that the destini of a societi rest . in thi fast pace world , there have been argument galor about the time devot by young peopl toward their commun . on a person note , i feel that youth nowaday is too pre-occupi with other thing and is not contribut qualiti time to the uplift of their respect commun . thi can be illustr by the fact that not mani youngster are activ involv in the work of the commun help group . the member of the council concern with the problem of a commun ha a lot of middl age men or peopl on the brink of retir . young peopl shun away from social respons think that the time can be more valuabl spent in educ or in a part-tim lucr job . peer pressur also start take it toll . youngster feel that they should either be in the colleg , learn , or let their hair down by parti hard . they fear come under criticisim if they get involv in chariti work for the commun , becaus they feel it is not a hip or trendi thing . parent concern also add fuel to the fire . parent have undu expect on their ward which result in the children work that extra bit hard to live upto them . in the process , extra-curricular activ and commun work take a back seat due to lack of time . in addit , school and colleg are alway concentr on academ work , wherea the emphasi should also be divert toward form club for commun work . onli in a few countri across the world do institut ask student for activ particip in commun work . the youth should be educ about their involv in commun activ and the benefit it ha as the youngster nowaday feel that earn money is everyth in life . the lack of awar on the problem haunt the commun in which they live also contribut to the disinterest . thu the preciou talent and the fresh mind of youngster are not be put to much use in commun work , which , i feel may spell tough time for commun if the trend continu . i think that it high time that the youngster balanc their person life and commun work with perfect harmoni to make the world a better place .