with the develop of tourism industri all over the world , more and more peopl will choos to travel in their leisur time . howev , the first problem the tourist will be confront with is whether to travel in a group led by a tour guid or to travel alon . while some peopl may appreci the advantag of travel in a group for it conveni and experiec guid , i tend to choos to travel alon . the benefit of travel alon are list as follow : when you travel alon , you can meet new friend dure the journey ; also , you can find that travel is much more flexibl than lead by a tour guid ; last , the price is lower when you travel on your own . first in first , when you travel alon , chanc are that you will make new friend dure your journey and thu share your experiec and knowledg about the destin , about the world and about the real life . for exampl , onc i travel alon in beij , the charm citi in china , it so happen that when i wa tri to climb up the great wall , a stranger lent me hi hand and he help me to finish climb the wall . after we reach the top , we were alreadi good friend and commun a lot on our tourist experi . up till today , he is still my best friend in my life and we keep in touch with each other by mail and share our journey . the next point of travel alon is it flexibl . just think , if i wa led by a guid , i will be forc to leav or go to a place i do n't like veri much and have to go when i realli want to stay for more time . while i travel alon , i can figur out my favorit place and to select the nearest routin to the destin . whenev i want to stay for a while , i can just enjoy my time . there is no restrict for me to travel . last but not the least , i found that travel alon can be much cheaper than travel in a group led by a tour guid . as we all know , everi travel agenc must make profit to support their busi . thu , they may be overcharg on the payment . howev , if i travel alon , i can save money for the sake of my own . for exampl , i can choos the cheapest hotel rather than the expens one . also i can choos to travel by train rather by air , which mean a lot more expenditur . as the reason mentiond abov , i prefer to travel on my own , not in a group . the opportun of make new friend , the flexibl of my travel time and the econom fee i have to pay for my trip are all the factor that contribut to the reason .