i agre that advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . i base my opinion on substanti point favor the consum than the busi . one of the import thing observ in advertis these day is that they fail to portray the complet informaiton . let us take an exampl of `` x hair dye '' . the advertis for thi say that `` you can get a better hair textur , brighter color and stronger hair if you use x hair dye . '' some person develop an allergi with the hair dye and build skin rash . it wa not the problem with the person but the incomplet inform provid to the consum . the consum is entail to read and verifi all the inform state in the packag and then could have possibl deciph it allergi . most of the case , we as consum , come to know the complet fact onli when we buy the product and read the detail . i believ that give incomplet inform is a mean of lure the consum into buy the product . variou product are avail in the market and lot of them compet with each other in the same space . advertis play a signific role of manipul the fact to overpow it competitor . let us take an exampl of an auto insur advertisement-geico for instanc . geico in the north eastern part of unit state advertis that it provid the lowest auto insur rate . ani consum get easili lure to geico 's websit or custom servic to check if he/sh can actual lower the rate . on care analysi it is observ that some other auto insur firm prove to be cheaper than geico , for exampl liberti mutual . geico provid low insur rate to consum who have a good credit histori and fantast drive record . thi factor is common for all auto insur compani . if onli , geico would have advertis `` we sell cheap auto insur to peopl with good credit histori and great drive record '' ! thu advertis manipul the fact and do not present a true pictur . under most of the circumst , cost is major factor for consum . advertis do a fantast job in not reveal the hidden cost . for exampl , a consum get lure to buy a wash machin and reach the store . he ha almost narrow down hi search and start talk to the sale repres . cost ha been a major factor in hi decis . onc he start talk to the sale repres , he understand that the wash machin requir other compon without which it can not oper . these other compon increas the cost of the wash machin . if the advertis would have portray the need to buy other compon , the consum would not have wast hi time in buy that machin or would have wait for some more time until he had that money . to conclud , i believ that advertis do an amaz job in lure the custom . most of the time the advertis do ensur that the consum is not dupe and ha access to all the informaiton requir to buy or use the product . but in all these case , a decent amount of time and energi need to be invest by the consum to deciph if the product actual suit their need .