there ha been a great chang in an advanc of educ , peopl have get opportunit to have their subject with much better qualiti than in the past . some peopl say that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani acam subject than to special in one specif subject , i total agre with thi given statement becaus by have broad knowledg of mani academ subject , peopl can develop thier gener knowleg and abl to good oppotun to find their potenti abil in the futur . to begin with , take broad knowleg of mani academ subject can enrich our live more construct and improv our gener knowledg which is essenti live in our societi . if peopl who are not have their broad knowledg of mani academ subject , they would be bore and be limit to know about academ inform . they do n't know how much interest to invest money on stock market and get won my share or which way is the best decison make which in charg of a busi class . in my expeirinc , i took lot of variou of subject in my colleg such as invest money on stock market , at first time i spent on my money on stock market , i thought quit wast my time and money . howev , as time went by , i wa taught from professor and had some profit which gave me self-achiev . in addit , by have broad knowledg of mani academ subject can be good chanc to develop the potenti abil in a long run . compar to take special in one specif subject , peopl do n't have opportun to think of their potenti abil and just go for their job that are just suitabl for them . but when it come to take a varieti of mani academ subject , it will be help for peopl to develop what are the best job . from one of my friend who major in english literatur , when she wa a freshman , she did n't take the elect class which had lot of differ academ class becuas she thought that it wa the best fitbl for her . howev , after be a sophomor , she start to take a busi class which seem to be interest to her , final she realiz that busi class wa the best for her becuas she wa fascin with take market cours . to conclud , even though there are some advantag of take special in one specif subject , have differ type of academ subjecst can outweigh thi specif subject sinc broad knoledg of mani academ subject can improv our live better and develop the potenti abil . i hope thi will be the great leap forward futur life .