nowaday , there are mani kind of transport for mankind . train , bicycl , motocycl , airplan . .. etc. and most common method of transport abov all is car . nowaday , almost each one of us ha at least one car which he or she possess . and as the popul increas on and on , the number of car in use would increas on and on . but due to the develop of technolog in our world , and grow awar of peopl toward the environ they live in , i believ that in twenti year of time , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . firstli , car have contribut to lot of pollut go on around our world . peopl are agress be . they will tri to elimin all the factor that can pose threat to their live . so , if car give off too much pollut to the environ peopl are live in , peopl will tri to find a substitut for car in futur . secondli , peopl are becom more concern about their health and the environ around them than they use to be in the past . now , after have put lot of damag to the environ , peopl are tri to conserv the environ again and tri to find a way to get rid of the pollut they have creat . that 's whi peopl are tri to use more environment friendli method of transport and use public transport to reduc the pollut go on . if thi trend continu on , in twenti year time , less peopl will use car as their main sourc of transport and tri to find anoth solut and use less car in the futur . thirdli , the reason whi peopl use car is to be more conveni when they are move . drive car is more conveni than walk , run , or drive a hors . peopl have develop mani way to make these improv dure the past . mankind have made an enorm develop in the past histori . as the time goe on and on , peopl will tri to invent a new way of transport which will make them more conveni and less time take than now . even now , airplan ha been invent and is becom more popular than it use to be in the past becuas it is less time consum and more comfort than a car . so , with regard to thi characterist of mankind , there is no reason whi peopl will not invent a new method of transport and abandon use car as their main method of transport . the aggress natur of human be , grow awar of import of natur environ , and develop of technolog to meet peopl 's desir to live a more conveni and less time consum life will probabl reduc the numer of car use in twenti year from now . peopl are alway tri to make improv in their live . so , if they are more concern with have a better life than they have now , they will tri to find a way to do so under ani circumst .