person , i agre with the statement say that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . howev , i do not think that thi statement is complet correct . i have to admit that there are sever compani advertis their product in an honest way , state onli fact about the product without ani mislead slogan or jingl . on the other hand , the major of today \ s industri is clever enough to trick their custom into buy their product . they do so by either creat highli convinc advertisemetn with slogan or jingl peopl tend to associ with the product , or they claim characterist and fact about the product that are simpli untru . the most effect advertis strategi next to an easi to rememb jingl you can not get out of your head is advertis with the support of celebr present the product . even though i do not like the idea of be lie to by a compani , i can certainli understand thi market mental that is so wide spread today . in a world of global , open border and free market , everi market of everi countri is flood with an incread high number of foreign product . not onli do foreign product mostli seem more attract to custom , they are often cheap copi of orgin invent and produc in the home countri . monopli hardli ever exist anymor and compet not onli with other compani in the countri but especi with foreign compani certainli is rough . howev , i think compani should onli tri to manipul custom to a certain extent . there should be a clear differ between lie complet and persuad and influec a littl . be a custom myself , of cours , i reli on the govern to control market strategi on the one hand but i definit reli on own experi i make on the other hand . if i know about a product that it doe not fulfil all the expect the compani made me believ in , i will tri my best to convinc other not to buy it and i hope other will do so as well . and even if compani tend at time to overestim a littl and seem to be too euphemist about their product , we still live in a world where peopl have gotten use to thi kind of advertis behavior by now . i think , there is onli a small percentag of societi left that truli believ all the statement made in advertis . i therefor have the hope that compani of the futur will reli on attract advertis instead of on fals statement .