help of the young peopl to their commun have alway been import for all commun . it is also a fact that the need for their help is increas as the size of the commun are also increas . in spite of thi increas demand , young peopl of our day do not give much time to help their commun . but we should not blame them becaus there are reason for their behaviour on thi issu , such as harder educ system of our day , the place young person gener live and the bad condit of commun servic . the educ system of our time are much harder than the past time . harder topic are includ in major in order to give the student the abil to compet with other student from differ school , while tri to find a job . moreov , student now have to spend too much time for prepar for thi hard educ in order to be success , which limit their time a lot . secondli , the increas in the number of young peopl who are attent to the school made the school to build big campus outsid the citi , in order to provid more capac . therefor , student start to live in these campus as it is hard for them to go to a school which is far away everyday . becaus of the distanc of these campus to the citi and the limit of the time of the student , they can not attend to the social event or commun servic which gener take place in the citi . moreov , it is a fact that the govern do not do anyth that will attract the young peopl to take role in commun servic . the environ of such servic are realli poor and also there is not enough chanc for young peopl to have import role in these organ . govern should support the young peopl and provid better condit in the commun servic in order to attract the attent of young peopl . to conclud , it is clear that nowaday , young peopl are not give much time to the benefit of their commun than they were give befor . howev , it will be wrong to blame them for thi as they work harder dure their educ , live in place far from the citi and are not attract by the terribl condit that commun servic mostli have .