when i wa live in the unit state , there wa a short period of time , about a week or so , when i did n't have a car . to go to a supermarket , i had to walk for an hour , and imagin how bad it wa to come home with four 5kg-plastic bag in both hand . i definit need a car in order to surviv there . consid that car are current one of the major transport tool among peopl in develop countri , i disagre with the statement that there will be fewer car in use in twenti year than there are today becaus twenti year is just not enough time . to replac the exist of car with other mean of transport would take more than twenti year to accomplish . it is said that the ga emit by car ha a tremend bad effect on the environ , a problem call `` global warm , '' and that countri are work to decreas the number of car in use . howev , in order to accomplish thi goal , there need to be other way peopl can transport , such as train and metro . it would be hard for ani citi govern to come up with a plan and to put that into action in twenti year . anoth thing that would be hard to chang in twenti year is peopl 's habit . when you have been use a car , for exampl , to drive to school everyday , you will find it hard to chang the way you commut to other mean , such as the train . it is hard for someon to make a chang in their lifestyl , and he or she would need a definit reason for do so . if the citi made a law prohibit the use of a car , thi would sure drive the person to quit drive the car , but make that law in use would take more than twenti year . pass a law requir a lot of time . imagin the voic that would come about from the peopl when a plan to make thi law aris . even if it doe n't take a law to tri to chang peopl 's awar , i can not come up with anoth option . for the reason i mention abov , i believ it is imposs to decreas the number of car in use than there are today in twenti year . to do so , there need to be other way peopl can tranport , which they could feel comfort and conveni as car . of cours , there are place around the world , for exampl tokyo , where subway have been well develop and peopl do n't need car to get around . howev , from the experi i had in the unit state , i would have to say that peopl there would n't like that .