i fulli agre that peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun , either becaus they think that they do not have the time or becaus they are money-ori or becaus they think that they are not go to be abl to make ani drastic chang . peopl in past , howev , use to dedic time , money and effort for commun servic . some fellow student think that they do not have time to join an ngo and to help in rais money for the poor , becaus they do not follow a schedul . their time is eaten up by studi or by laze about and when they are ask to make a few contribut such as help in rais money for the poor or organis a certain event , they would think that thi is go to prevent them from get good grade . some peopl are too money-ori . for them time is money . so they do not want to wast their time by help their commun . i onc tri to recruit a few peopl in order to teach some illeter children , how to read and write . the question i wa ask wa how much they were go to be paid and when they knew that it wa for free the declin . when i remind them of doria shafeek , an emin feminist who use to buy children present out of her own money to make them attend her read and write class , they just shrug their shoulder . other peopl think that irrespect of the time and effort , they are go to put into help their commun , they will not be abl to effect ani chang . i can rememb a girl who wa ask to join a red cross train cours and she wa of the opinion that she wa not skill enough . the woman respons for recruit peopl gave her a book on florenc nightingal and how she start from scratch and what differ she made in the field of nurs and she talk to her about pamper women of societi and princess who use to pride themselv on how they learnt how to nurs casualti of war . thi realli boost the girl 's moral and made her join the cours . poepl do not give enough time for their commun , either becaus they are too busi or they are ignor to the benefit they are go to reap or the differ they are go to make . i think there should be more conscienc rais session to point out to peopl how import work for their commun is