the issu at hand is whether or not it is more import for student to grasp the mean of what they learn than just learn fact by heart . thi is a veri import question as mani pupil just learn their stuff by heart in order to satisfi the teacher but they are not realli abl to practic their knowledg . in agre entir with the statement becaus student realli have to be awar of what they are studi in order to be success in a test or the real world . in the follow i will tri to support my opinion by use sever point and exampl . one reason which make me claim thi , is that if you just learn a fact but you do not have a real idea whi you are learn it you can not complet an examin success . as most of the question in a test are transfer question you have to know how to practic your knowledg and just know the fact will not be a good help . base on thi point i think be awar of the idea and concept is the better solut . moreov , i take the view that understand idea and concept is much more import than just learn fact in the outsid world as well . let me exemplifi what i mean , if you have a job interview and you know that it is veri help to show a good behaviour thi is good for you . but it is much better if you know the reason whi thi behaviour is import and how exactli you have to react , for instanc you have to be awar that good behaviour consist of friendli or be honest and so on . thu , i think that my view is the right one . furthermor , abov all it is veri import for peopl do sport or doctor to understand the idea and concept of what they are learn . what i am tri to say is that a doctor for exampl not just have to know fact about a specif oper . no , he ha to know when he ha to do thi kind of oper and especi how he ha to oper ! thi is a veri good exampl show us how import it is to understand the idea of what we are learn . in conclus , i have state differ point in order to support my opinion . the understand of the idea and concept is much more relev than just learn exampl in order to have success in differ sphere of our life .