frankli , as long as we will not develop littl spaceship to fli around - which i do n't see happen within the next twenti year - i do n't think there will be fewer car on thi earth ever again . it is a proven fact that the amount of car we use , and most of all the emiss those car caus impos a big threat to our environ . and although there is a lot of mispercept today i am sure that there will be a much higher concern about environment issu in twenti year . but thi is , what will mainli happen in industri state . we should not forget about the devolop countri that start to take off now . i person hope that they will manag to thrive further on , and increas their econom potenti as well as live standard . but thi usual impli a technolog advanc . peopl in india , china and eventu africa will need to get to work , will want to travel and will demand car . lot of them . even if they do not reach western standard , where it is normal to keep a coupl of car per household , their mere number of inhabit will boost car demand . i do think though , that in twenti year there will be a differ in how car work . i am sure that environment concern will be high , that peopl will have seen the import to get independend from fossil fuel , and that car will be develop that need less energi and addit run on electr , solar batteri , hydrogen , water , biolog wast - or some new idea . they will be cleaner , more effici and probabl even run silent . there might also be an attempt to foster altern mean of transport , like public mean , bike or train . but thi develop i rather see in industri state . to put thing in a nutshel , i think that in industri state there will be less as well as cleaner car . while develop state catch up there will be a much higher demand for car , and also the necessari wealth to purchas them . thi , i think , leav us with an equal or rather higher amount of car in twenti year , than we have today . i do hope though , that there will be better and cleaner car on the market than the one we use today . and i also hope that peopl in today develop countri will be abl to move along and start with the new technolog , and are not turn into a huge graveyard for our old , pollut car .