in japan , where i live , some peopl agre with the opinion that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . but i disagre with that opinion becaus of the follow reason ; it is not enough time to learn mani academ subject inde ; peopl can not understand mani academ subject simultan ; peopl can live by use onli one specifc subject . it might be true that it is better to have borad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . howev , those who say that we should follow that opinion fail to address sever import issu . first , we do not have adequ time to learn mani academ subject in school . for exampl , my brother , takahumi wa veri interest ethic in hi high school day becaus he thought that ethic wa one of the most import subject that peopl should learn . but as he had to learn about twelv subject simlutan , ethic wa held onc in a week . under thi situat , he graduat from hi high school without understand ethic fulli . i believ that high school should give student mani time a week to the specif subject which student want to learn . furthermor , peopl can not understand mani academ subject simlutan . for exampl , my sister , takako like to learn world histori in her junior high school day . but after enter a high school , she said to me that she wa bad at world histori . i ask her a reason whi . she told me that she have to learn mani subject in her high school and do mani homework of them simultan and she do not have enough time to read text book of world histori dure her freetim in advanc . final and most importantli , howev , peopl can live by use onli one subject . for exampl , i enter tokyo univeis which is the most difficult univers in japan in 1992 by take examin about six subject , that is , math , english , japanes languag , japanes histori , world histori , physic , scienc . then , i learn mani subject in my univers . but after graduat my univers , i 've not use the knowledg of most subject which i learn in my school day . as i am work at the invest divis in a financi institut , it is adequ for me to work there by know the specif knowledg about math . i feel strongli that i should learn much more specif knowledg about math . so , peopl should consentr not mani subject but one specif subject . therefor , on the basi of the fact discuss abov , i find that we should agre with the opinion that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject .