will it be ever enough to learn ? life is a long and rough journey . whatev we learn either good or bad throughout thi journey will be a way of experi for us . i have alway been sort of a greedi person . for me it is never enough for anyth in life . i agre with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject becaus most import of all it increas a person 's self esteem and confid . actual , thi question constitut a major place in my life . it wa the time when i have graduat from high school and wa tri to choos what to studi in the univers . i am not the type who is obsess with one issu and can spend hi or her whole time with it . that is whi i have chosen to studi sociolog in the univers . as a matter of fact , i did not know much about sociolog at the time , but i knew that i want to studi a cours from which i could gain mani thing that i can fit into my real life . sociolog happen to be a subject that analys the societi , such a broader term . while analyz the societi , of cours we are concern with mani other type of inform . sinc my freshmen year , i have alway prefer to choos cours from differ major such as , histori , intern relat , psycholog , literatur , economi , statist and mani more . the reason for thi choic wa becaus i have alway believ that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . accord to me , a person who is special in one specif topic is much more limit in life regard hi option . what i meant is that , if a person ha a knowledg of mani differ academ subject than thi person alway ha a say in ani convers he or she engag into . consequ , i believ that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject rather than to special in one specif subject becaus it increas self esteem and confid and thi way the person can have a lot to say in ani convers she or he engag into . also , thi person can easili understand the on go issu around the world and is capabl of make clear on where he or she stand base on hi thought and belief .