each person ha hi own way to enjoy hi life . some peepl think that young peopl use thier time more funni than the adult , while other think that the age doe n't make ani connect with enjoy life for peopl . person , i think that the age is n't the onli factor to check the enjoy life qualiti . among mani factor that help peopl enjoy their life , the first factor is a hobbi . have hobbi make peopl use their time use . i have one friend who ha a hobbi , make pro-model . if he had spare time , he would go to pro-model shop . he actual like that kind of make . so , i 've never seen that he wast thier spare time useless . i think he know how to enjoy hi life by hi own way . anoth factor is a friend . from kindergarten 's time on , peopl usual spend thier time with their friend . with friend , we did our homework , play outdoor , and struggl with them . we ca n't imagin the life without our friend . thi mean have how good friend help peopl to enjoy their life more . i have a good friend . he seem like he alway prepar funni time with me and our other friend to me . if he were n't exist with me , i would get stuck in boredsom . whenev we have spare time , he schedul a tour plan and watch movi and sport game . thank to him , i doubt that i actual enjoy my life more than other . lastli , have more inform make us enjoy our life more . without ani inform , we ca n't enjoy our life . even though , there are mani thing to enjoy , if we do n't know these thing are in vain . thi mean we need to get more inform in order to enjoy life . i usual read the megazin which ha a inform of space of trip or famou tour place . by use it , i can get mani chanc to take a trip to the place for which i 've ever heard been . in our nation , i could travel mani unqu island that mani peopl could n't get reach . to sum up , i think that there are mani factor that could help peopl to enjoy their life more . appar the age is a kind of fator , but have hobbi , have good friend , and have more inform also import factor .