the media of today is a veri powerful tool . in other word the media is the king of the world . whatev is shown in the telivis , in the newspap and the magazin ia great influenc the public . children and even some adult get carri away buy thir tactic . the influenc may be neg or posit . i believ that they sometim mislead the peopl . thu i complet agre that the advertis make the product seem much better than they are . adversit that are in form of writ on paper or those seen visual on the telivis are veri differ from those that they actual show or tell us . firstli the product shown in these advertis are not what they actual show us . let take the exampl of medicin . the advertis in a mere ten to fifteen second tri to explain us for what it should be taken and for what if it should be avoid . they may inform us that they do wonder for , like let take an exampl of a patient of some heart diseas . they may tell us that the can help cure or treat high cholestrol in just one month and also tell that you need not follow a diet conrtol . . but scientif how can a high cholestrol be cure in a month and that to without havin a diet control . thu i believ that these can be misslead sometim they may tell us that ani kind of skin problem be it on face or ani other part of the bodi can be taken care of . they may use the word like `` magic cream '' . the patient may believ them . they may use them but in vane . actual thi is just a tactic they follow to fool us . let take anoth exampl of a `` hair remov cream '' . the advertis may show a beauti girl with no hair on her face or leg . she would say ... `` for a silki skin like mine use so and so cream '' . the ironi is that they alreadi have talek a girl who had no hair on her face or leg . so are they not tri to mislead the peopl . the advertis tell us that if we buy for exampl a laptop on thi particular day , u will get a printer and a scanner `` free '' with it . they do thi not to tell us to come and buy them but to fool us . they befor hand had alreadi hike the price of the laptop so as to acomod the cost of the other thing with them . morev i am a firm believ of the fact that `` noth in thi world come for free '' thu i complet believ that most of the advertisem make the product seem much better than they are . so befor buy them one should defin do their `` homework ''