i disagre with the statement that `` young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . '' i believ that there are a lot of young peopl right now , that contribut to the benefit of our societi and/or commun . in the cours of the last fifti year , young peopl have gain a lot of independ from their famili and from their commun . we have more freedom , of cours within the bound of our parent rule . but with independec come responsibl and i firmli believ that young peopl take thi responsibilti not as a burden , but as a chanc . in germani there are sever volunt base organis , onli led by some staff member , but made effect by their larg volunt basi . church - , as well as non-profit - and government-organis . in these organis most of the volunt are young peopl . they can contribut the time and are will to contribut the effort to improv someth in their commun . becaus of my experi as a volunt in the af ( american field servic , the world-lead in student exchang ) and anoth church-organis i take the freedom to discuss the motiv of young peopl to engag in these activ . it is a plattform to commun and connect with other young peopl , while improv your own `` soft-skil '' and help a worthi project . that seem like a veri good oportun . young peopl know that they are help , but in my opinion there is no reason not to have fun while do it . the discuss statement impli an older speaker , a grown-up , who believ that in hi time , young peopl were do more for their commun , that he in hi youth wa do more , than young peopl do today . mayb the kind of work chang over the cours of year as well . today these volunt organis make food ralley , fundrais money do car-wash or make benefit tombola , while in the past , `` help your commun '' wa mayb more like collect trash from the commun garden . help your commun ha becom more attract over the cours of time for young peopl and there are a lot of young peopl do thi kind of work , but mayb the area of thi work have chang so that for a outsid viewer it look like less is done .