someon say that the art of advertis it 's the art to tranform someth you usual do n't even think about into someth not onli desider , but indespens to fulfil your intim need and desir . given that as an assumpt , it 's easi to understand how ad ' expert make use of the finest and more sophist techniqu to present their product and servic to the gener public of consum . it 's common sens that `` it 's the first impress that count '' . thi is even more import when it come to the market . in particular when the averag , not outstand , characterist of a product or of a servic must face a competit environ to gain market share and to build long term trust by their custom . thi is whi a `` littl lie '' at first sight is necessari , most of time even accept and comprehend by the custom , as it is in love affair . techniqu are uncount and may vari signif accord to the categori of product or specif item present to the public . one of the most use techniqu is to show a pictur of the product which is far more attract than the product itself . guess who ha never been disappoint by the slimmi sandwich that come out from a mc donald 's packag compar to the beauti , invit and gnammi pictur that you can see behind the server while you are wait in the line ? someon call them `` sweet lie '' or `` innoc lie '' , that could be toler and accept if we are still talk about sandwich or candi but when it come to product or servic that can tremend affect peopl 's life and health , then it come the need for a more critic approach to the discuss . in mani countri , advertis agenc have develop over the year a code or a set of regul to disciplin the way advertis is conduct . even if these effort are worthli of support i person think that the consum are the final judg and they will determin the success or the failur of a product also accord to the gap between how it 's present and how it realli is . they say `` lie sometim are sweater than realiti '' , probabl it 's true but we all know that lie have short leg in the end .