i agre with thi statement . young man nowaday tend to do onli their privat thing , includ play sport , or studi . i feel that they should give more time to help their commun . thi practic will lead more peopl to be relat with their commun . in these day , the relationship between individu and commun , from fammili to the citi or the town where they live , becom lesser and lesser . thi situat might lead some problem , such as , the collaps of the fammili and the increas of the crime . for exampl , in these ten year , we saw a lot of danger crime which were occur by children were happen quit frequent . for exampl , about seven year ago , some fourteen year old boy kill seven peopl includ five-year old girl , in japan . not onli the case of japan , in the unit state , a boy who had a gun occupi the school and some student were injur . thi kind of seriou crime are happen all over the world . i think we should chang thi situat , which peopl are isol indivudu against their commun , and that will prevent young peopl 's crime . so i will reccomend two resolut to resolv the problem . first , we should make young peopl to help their commun through their school life . for exampl , we will make some agreement that school boy and girl should go to some place as volunt . through thi experi , they will know they have a respons to their commun , and even though they are still young , they could help other person . secondli the adult peopl should lead young peopl as a model . infact , in these day even adult do not help their commun , so befor they will say to the young peopl , they should refin themselv . howev , some peopl might argu that today 's young peopl doe not have enough time to spend for their commun , becaus they are too busi for their privat matter . like in japan , children should studi hard to get into the good universtiy , and get the good job , so they usual go to the privat school , in addit to the normal school . thi kind of situat will make them difficult to help their commun . so to thi problem , i want to say that we , adult , should chang our social structur and thi school-ori societi . i can understand the problem which the young peopl have , but i hope they will chang their attiud and we , adult and young peopl , will live peac in the futur .