what is it to be success ? it sometim seem to be unusu , or not normal . when read bibliographi of success peopl , they do unusu thig . they are describ as a stupid , annoy , breav but strang human-b . editson wa kick out of the school becaus he kept ask a teacher whi 1 plu 1 is equl to 2 . soldier went to war even though they could actual see that the death wa wait for them . is it true that success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know ? doe it mean that it is necesssari to have new point of view , tri new thing and take risk to be success ? assum that an appl suddenli fall on someon 's head . what would that person say out right away ? if it were me , i would say ` ouch ! ' but newton said ` whi did it fall ? ' here is a signific differ between him and other peopl . newton wonder whi the appl fall to the ground , not float on the air , while everyon had alreadi accept it as a natur incid . as soon as he becam curiou and wonder , he start studi on it . that is what most scientist or inventor usual start their scientif work . look at king . martin luther . he is veri well-known black person who had been argu about black peopl 's freedom and right . he must have had suffer a lot of risk while he wa argu hi opinion . not that he wa the onli one who wa upset about white peopl 's unfair . black peopl were also as upset as him , but none of them were as brave as him . he is now veri famou , histor , heoric person in the histori of the world . lastli , soldier in all kind of war . mani peopl took the risk to die in the war , get tortur by enemi , and lose their famili . they sure and obvious knew how much riski way they chose to follow . but they did not deni it . they follow it as if it wa what they must have done . histor , famou , well-know , and greatli success peopl take risk as if that is what they were born to do . they think differ . they are alway will to tri and do new thing rather than follow what other peopl have thought or believ in .