in order to be success , peopl use method , in accord to their person , problem solv method , and style of life . throughout histori , we see peopl who becam success by simpli do what is done befor , or take the way no one have taken befor . to start with , i can say that major of peopl tri to be success with use alreadi establish method . some have the result which are suppos to be had , some even fail to appli a method , and some had extraordinari result due to variou reason . as an exampl , i can say that sir alex ferguson , scottish manag of manchest unit footbal team , is one of the most success peopl that i have ever seen dure my life . he is have hi twentieth season as the manag of the club , and he not onli had sever achiev as a manag , but also honor by the queen by be given the honorif `` sir '' . i can also state that he is have the same type of manag sinc the first day as a manag , and never gave except from hi rule , hi tactic and hi manag style . we all wit hi fight with hi squad 's star player , like david beckham and ruud van nistelrooy in order not to make ani except . he wa the same when he use to manag the scottish club , whose name i can not rememb at the moment , thu , i can say that he is simpli do what he know how to do well . on the other hand , there are also peopl who had success by tri thing that were never tri befor , andd take risk . for exampl , austrian psychologist sigmund freud , who is also call father of psycholog by some expert , tri a lot of new thing , claim mani new thing about the human psycholog , and found the school of `` psychoanalysi '' . he ad new term to the literatur of psycholog like ; id , ego , superego and defens mechan . he tri hi own method with hi client , and certainli wa veri success at that . there are mani theori whic have their basi in psychoanalysi , and mani theori were construct in opposit to pschoanalysi . to summar , i believ that it is the person that becom success , no matter what hi \ her way is . if he or she ha the strength and put enough effort , there is no reason not to be success . just have faith in yourself , and and you are half way away to be success .