i do not agre that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . there are mani disadvantag to follow the tour guid . even get a tour guid can be harm and danger for tourist . first of all , when you follow the tour guid to see around the citi which you want to see and travel , you onli can see place in which the tour guid show you and your group . you can not find out around of citi . everytim there are some limit which are made by the tour guid . for exampl , you want to see other side of citi , but there is a certain travel program which includ to see certain place in the citi . you have to follow the travel program . second of all , peopl who are from that citi can understand that you are tourist . thi sutat ha some dangeour point . they can cheat on you or sell kind of present thing to you much more expens . for exampl , when you go to a store for shop , if they understand that you are a foreign or a tourist they can tri to sell mani thing much more expens , but if you travel alon and you can speak the languag of that countri which you want to see they can not understand that you are a foreign or a tourist . so peopl who are from that countri or that citi can sell thing to you in origin price . third of all , is travel with group not expens activ but also it is a so danger . there are mani terrorit peopl or group who want to kidnapp to tourist and foreign peopl to come true their bad purpos . those kind of peopl can realiz that you are a tourist , becaus you are travel with the group and follow the tour guid . they can kidnapp you and kill you . furthermor they can use you for their purpos . that situtaion happen the tourist mani time . those peopl kill the tourist or got money from the tourist of famili . in abov , there are mani advantag about travel alon and follow the tour guid . the quit proverb say that `` it doe not matter whatev travel alon and follow tour guid cost , peopl can listen their heart and make their way for travel . '' that 's whi we have to travel alon .