as the famou say goe `` necess is mother of invent '' the necess ha no doubt lead to variou invent . mani great peopl have learn to find new thing and discov and invent great thing in all sphere of life . as these peopl work hard to tri new thing and later came to know about the risk invov in it . well accord to be i would definit agre the first statement that is successful peopl tri out new thing and take risk involv in it , rather than onli do the thing what we alreadi know how to do well . peopl who want to be known have to be differ in their own way . as i believ that `` winner do n't do thing diffent , but they do thing differ '' . be successful is everi indivisu dream come true . differ peopl have differ view , henc there is probabl to learn differ . henc instead of learn the thing what have alreadi known aur perform by someon els will be quit monoton and bore . though knowledg should be gain about the alreadi hear subject , but invent or discov someth on our own will be quit lot interest and exicit . a hardwork and dedic man who ha a zeal to win in hi particular field often tast the flavour of success . tri new thing and do research work sound exicit to me . i rememb dure my undergradu program lesson i had assist my veri honour lectur in hi research work in electr depart , as thi is my major i wa realli veri excit about it . but through my experi i have learnt that tri out new thing is not just excit but real hardship attatch to it . learn through trial and error method is not just fun but ha pain and turmoil and dedic and hardwork requir . i have learn mani valuabl lesson through thi cours of studi . i had got to know the import of lectur in a student life . i rememb my lectur wa a great person he not onli allow me to learn with him but also help me to understand it through trial and error method . he wa one of my favourit lectur and guid . at the end i would conclud on a note that be success is not a matter of a day or two it requir hardwork and consist . as we say that `` success doe not come to you , you go to it '' ! . henc i would agre that success peopl tri and take risk rather than onli do what we have alreadi known and know how to do it well .