selfish young peopl what differenti humanb from other live creatur is hi / her abil to think and behav accordingli . help to each other is one of the most import properti of human in thi respect . howev , young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . there exist three import reason of thi fact . first reason is young peopl begin to have an isol life . second is competit between peopl increas and the last one is the fact that no one appreci help . young peopl begin to have an isol life sinc life condit forc them to do so . the daili requir of the life such as go to work , earn money , take care of children if exist , the obstacl aris from the technolog develop such as traffic jam , increas work load , the must to have a speedi life and the need to have a privat time period for themselv make peopl to ignor other peopl and other peopl 's need . young peopl , in which i am also includ , just care their need , their prioriti , their life and themselv becaus exist life condit do not allow them to spend time for other . the second reason whi young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun is the increas competit between individu . sinc it is now more difficult to enter in the colleg you realli want , or to get the job you desir , or just to get promot , young peopl keep all their knowledg , abil and skill in themselv . they do not share them with other and they do not help in term of share inform . the last and the most import reason whi young peopl do not help to their commun is the fact that no one appreci them . the main aim of peopl is nowaday just to make use of other peopl , not to share someth . if you help someon , he/sh doe not thank to you or doe not get a reason to help to you next time you need . that is whi , peopl think that there is no need to help other if they will not appreci . in conclus , may be it seem selfish not to spend enough time to help other peopl ; howev , as mention abov life condit and attribut of other peopl forc young peopl to do so . .