although the state statement look unbeliev , but i agre to the point mention and is base on follow : first , almost govern of all countri are concentr on improv and better of public mode of transport . i believ thi will have an sound effect on the number of car get diminish . the public mode of transport be cheaper and safer than car would provid better option and conveni journey to common man in contrast to the situat now . second , the ever grow fuel price will forc common man to rethink on use person car for day to day use . the fuel price have been sky rocket and accord to the studi thi pattern would continu for year to come . some may cast doubt on thi studi by argu that fewer car would automat bring down the demand for fuel and henc price . as a matter of fact , car are not the onli demand of fuel . fuel is use in variou industri , airplan , ship , buss etc . third , the veri fact that global economi is do well is a factor respons for number of car present . economi do well increas the purchas power of the common man . but thi fairi tale might not continu for long . again go by histori patern and econom guru , a slowdown or correct in economi is due and expect to continu for atleast 10 year . thi slowdown will automat bring down the purchas power of common man as well as the loan provid facil by financi institut which ha assist peopl to buy car on a rampag . the rate of interest will go higher which will not allow common man to even think of go for the loan . final , when we talk of econom slowdown , the price of some essenti commod will surg like that of steel . we all know that steel is major raw materi in car manufactur . now if the raw materi cost goe up , it will automat augment the input cost . henc to increas bottomlin on balanc sheet , car manufactur will increas the car price which will drill hole in common man 's pocket . thi can be exemplifi by recent spur in price of car by gm . take in account the factor state abov , it is crystal clear that reduct in number of car is inevit in come year .