i agre that in twenti year , the number of car in use shall go down . at first glanc , thi might appear absurd and strang , what with the rapid technolog , social and econom growth everyday . howev , on care analyz and think about it , thi claim actual make sens . i shall tri to elucid on whi i feel that there will be fewer car after twenti year . the popul of thi world is increas day by day . public place are often jam pack . traffic jam , accid and so on are the order of the day . if thi is the situat now , one can imagin the state of affair after twenti year if thing continu like thi . think of ani big citi and unfortun the first pictur that come to mind is of heavi traffic , lot of peopl and no space . becaus of the rapid develop and technolog advanc , one often say that ` the world ha becom smaller ' . thi statement sound highli appeal in a figur sens . but after all , the world is physic of a fix size too ! if the number of peopl and their car keep on go up , where will all of them be accomod ? be it small car or big car , the pollut level are at an all time high . the fume from these car result in lung relat diseas and breath problem . when the number of car wa small , these issu were often brush under the carpet . howev , now is the time to think of these thing . at an age when we are face the consequ of our action , be it in term of global warm or war , peopl need to realiz that we should look for altern befor it get too late . commun vehicl , car pool , even bicycl ( for short distanc ) often result in much less tension and effort in move about today . with more effici buse , metro and train , peopl have start to realiz that drive around in a car is becom more of a nuisanc than a conveni . there is also a grow concern about the limit petroleum resourc in thi world . the petrol , diesel and oil price keep shoot up day by day . we need to find altern mode of travel use renew sourc of energi like solar or wind . peopl are research on solar car or wind driven car . with the scale of progress today , the open sky might also turn out to be a veri viabl option . if we can introduc cheaper air travel even between shorter distanc , thi will not onli result in much faster travel but shall also help ` decongest ' the earth . unfortun today , peopl have becom so lazi that even for short distanc they prefer to drive rather than walk or cycl down . but peopl need to realiz that thi phenomen growth in car can not go on indefin . peopl need to look for altern . i am hope that in twenti year , we would have shift our focu from car to public transport , non-petroleum base vehicl and perhap even air travel .