give enough time to help commun is an issu that ha be of interest late , special in what regard to young peopl . it is believ that young peopl nowaday do not spend enough time in thi activ as they should . even though mani youth organ have been born in the few coupl of year mani other have mostli dissapear . moreov , there ha been an import chang in life style dure the last decad which ha modifi the avail of time for thi activ . on one hand , there is evid that thi statement is not true . we have observ over the last coupl of year an import increas in the number of youth organ which tri to cover thi neces and perform thi task . mani young peopl get enrol in them and tri to help other , mostli in an anonym way . in what regard to my countri , i can think of sever differ organ that tri to encourag succes young peopl to get involv in their commun . on the other hand , it is true that organ encharg of thi type of activ excist befor , mainli relat to church or to relig belief . dure the last decad , the sentiment of religi involv ha fallen drastic and young peopl nowaday do not usual relat to thi group . therefor , while it is true that mani youth group which tri to cover thi necces have aris dure the last coupl of year , they are mostli cover the empti space left by relig group . in the same senc , young peopl nowaday have less time to devot to thi type of activ , sinc person career have becom more demand . for instanc , in mani countri fifti year ago women did not use to work or studi and while they were young they usual took care of help their commun . nowaday , young women have a profession career as busi as man do . as a conclus , i believ that even though it is true that young peopl spend less time help their commun compar to what young peopl devot to thi activ fifti year ago did , is also true that young peopl 's life ha chang drastic and there ha been an import reduct in the amount of avail free time to perform them . therefor , i do not agre to the statement , sinc the word enough is not proper for thi context . young peopl devot less hour but it may be enough given the amount of free hour they have left after take care of all their respons .