success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do thing that they alreadi know how to do well . i actual agre to thi argument the reason be the follow . success doesnt come to ani person overnigt . it is achiev by an individu through dedic , hardwork and knowledg . few peopl think that success is got onli by luck , i do agre to thi but it happen veri rare and the success that is achiev by mere luck isnt perman at all . ani person wo ha tast the essenc of success consecut for a coul of time would have learnt it onli by the hard and straight way . a success person would have test all the possibl to achiev success . he would have exploit soo mani possibilit that he wouldnt get scare to go on take new risk sinc he know that befor he take that risk he need to do some studi on the same caus knowledg is an imporat path to success . i would say that hi attitud toward the situat is also an import key to success . he would'nt ever say that a problem is difficult caus if it was'nt difficult it would'nt be call a problem at all . when a success person choos to take a riski path for exampl take over a compani which is go on loss . the person will sure analyz the reason for the failur and onc the reason for failur are found out it is quit easi to be rectifi . sinc that person know how to approach thing in a systemat way he bring the compani back to form without ani doubt . there are mani real time exampl of successful compani buy smaller compani run in loss for less valu and then develop the compani to such a posit that it see so much profit in the frst year of purchas itself . we see that there are so mani success compani that are expert in a certain product like for exampl deterg would jump into introduc a shampoo product and gain lot of profit through the same . henc iam sure ani success person would tri new thing sinc they will want to tast more of success in everi field they enter and that too with new idea and experi . henc sum up all the abov said point i would say that a success person would sure seek differ way to carri on with hi success caus he know the tacti . abov all he also know the three key point dedic , hardwork and knowledg combin with the right attitud lead to the success of ani person in ani field .