should student pay more attent to understand concept and idea rather than learn fact ? there ha been much debat over thi topic . i strongli agre with the view that it is import for student to learn and understand idea and core concept as compar to learn fact . thi is becaus of sever reason . first , the understand of idea and concept help in innov . if student have a good grasp of concept then they can appli them effect in differ and new area lead to innov . on the other hand , factual knowledg is limit and is not extens . the fact can onli be cite out or reus but they can not be alway extend for innov . second , the factual knowledg is easier to obtain and there are sever sourc for it . a student may not even need to go to the best school or may not need to work with best teacher to gain the fact base knowledg in a better way . a person who might have never attend a school may also know mani fact . on the other hand , when student studi at best school then they can gain a lot more by understand concept and idea from the teacher and professor as compar to focus more on fact base learn . they can engag themselv in research work in order to understand and analyz the differ concept learnt from their cours curriculum . third , fact are state and it may not be alway possibl to verifi them . student have a lot of potenti to learn and indulg themselv more in dig deep into the idea in order to verifi them . if they focu more on the fact base knowledg then they will not use thi potenti . understan of concept and idea make them to explor more into their field of studi and get more benefit out of the studi . lastli , there is more possibl that the fact base knowledg coulb be lost if not refresh after a period of time and the fact are also subject to chang . on the other hand , the understand of idea and concept is more logic in it approach and it is difficult to forget it becaus student learn them by understand them through in depth analysi . although , argument can be made for both the side of thi statement , i think there are more advantag for the student by understand idea and concept as compar to the learn base on fact .