avertis is a topic involv with market , and market is about creat long term relationship with custom . befor focus in advertis , a compani ha to creat a market plan of how to reach the target market . if the market plan of a compani is effect , the need for advertis is not as big as the need of a compani that ha a bad market plan . whi do i involv market with the purpos of advertis ? well , becaus a problem is onli solv when the root of the problem are known . when a compani ha a good market plan , that compani will not have troubl reach their target market and obtain profit . starbuck is a great exampl . thi compani develop an excel market plan accord to their valu and their object . starbuck ha reach all their object and without the need to use advertis . they do not need to tell the peopl how good their product is becaus the peopl alreadi know it . thi exampl lead me to explain if i agre with the statement that `` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . '' i do agre with the statement becaus advertis will be use onli if the product or servic need it . a commerci for exampl will make product and servic look better than they realli are becaus that product or servic need the consum 's attent . of cours i onli agre with the statement becaus at the begin of it , it say `` most '' . if the statement would not have that word , i would not agre at all . the reason i would disagre is becaus there are compani like macdonald that do not need the advertis to sell their product , but they use them becaus the competit is huge , and they need their consum to confirm whi they are the best . advertis are onli use to catch the consum attent , but it doe not mean that the product or servic will be exactli as is shown . a person will onli let himself believ everyth he see and hear if that person doe not know whi the advertis exist in the first place . compani would do anyth that is necessari in order to sell their product or servic . in a few word , most compani would do anyth to be success and make profit .