the decis on the best way to travel is depend on a sever factor . these includ the similar of the region be excurs with that of where the travel hail from , cost and avail of inform about the area travel to and the person of the travel . the best way to travel differ in differ situat . if the travel is absolut unawar of the cultur of the place he or she is visit , travel in a group led by a tour guid may be the best thing to do . eg . if i do not know french and i want to visit franc , travel with a tour guid will be benefici sinc i can enjoy my trip and learn everyth i want to about franc without let the languag barrier hamper me . i could escap the mammoth task of learn french and plan trip and comfort reli on the tour guid . travel in a group in thi situat help provid me with a sens of secur which is import to get in a foreign countri . it may also provid interest social interact when friend and famili are spars in a foreign countri . in thi situat where all the travel detail are on the burden on the tour guid , it becom imper that the tour guid is profici in hi or her knowledg of the region and make the right decis about place to visit and share the histori of the region . in anoth situat , if a person is travel to mere a differ state or citi in hi or her own countri or a neighbour countri where the cultur are similar , it might be benefici to plan the trip by the person himself or herself . thi might give the person the maximum flexibl in travel plan and the person can avoid ani depend on the profici of a tour guid . there is littl fear of insecur sinc the cultur is familiar to the travel . besid these two main differ situat describ , anoth factor to consid is cost and the avail of internet resourc . nowaday the internet ha alot of inform regard travel destin and if a person spend a littl mount of time , he or she may be abl to plan their own trip in the most cost effect way . on the other hand a tour guid may be an expens proposit sinc the tour guid ha done all the hardwork of plan the trip and is sure to charg a hefti fee for it . the last factor regard thi decis is the person of individu . some peopl do not like to be constrain by anoth person ' decis , in thi case the tour guid and want to plan thing their way , while other may be more than glad to leav the travel plan to a tour guid . in summari there is no `` best '' way to travel . it is wise to take into account one 's person , familiar with the place be travel to with respect to cultur and cost consider while determin the best way to travel .