from the begin of industri revolut , produc alway want to sell their product more and as the time pass they saw that one of the best way of do thi is advertis their product . although , the goal of advertis should be demostr the featur a particular product , seller use advertis to increas their sale by exagger it and make peopl want that particular product . therefor , i strongli believ that advertis make product or servic seem better than they realli are . make peopl desir a product is a complic issu but what advertis realis about thi is that the custom do not have to know what the product exactli is . mani peopl may be wrong about what they are buy becaus of advertis or they may have a veri littl idea about what they like to buy becaus of advertis . as an exampl of thi , the advertis of big compani can be given . in that type of advertis , vey littl inform about the product is given wherea , the focu of the advertis is mainli the trademark itself . although , peopl do not understand anyth about what the product is or for what purpos they can use it , becaus of the effect of the advertis , the custom may chose to buy the product . anoth point to note is that the advertis of certain product such as tobacco , alcohol or , say , fast food make these product seem not onli a littl better than what they realli are . it is a well-known and prove fact that all these product may be tremendeausli harm for human ( in excess use ) in long term howev by the help of advertis , these product succeed to seem well to custom . the use of famou charact in advertis is also anoth way of produc to make their product seem well to the custom . thi way is also a short-cut for produc becaus it help them to convienc peopl about the good of their product . as to prove my idea , consid the advertis in which the charact are well rememb and the messag is forgotten . thi is onli a small trick that advertis use to persuad peopl about a non-exist state-of-the-art product . consequ , i am a strong fan of supervis on advertis . thi should not be understood as sensorship on free speech but the advertis should be prepar in a way that peopl are not mislead about the good of the product . by thi supervis , i will be abl to chang my idea about advertis becaus right know i believ that advertis channel peopl toward product in unfair way .