when i wa young , i use to think that `` older '' peopl who told me that `` age is mental state '' , that `` you are so young or so old as you feel yourself '' , or similar commonplac , were either lie or at least look for emot justif or excus for the fact that , well , they were `` older '' and were not go to be ani younger in the futur . as i approach the symbol `` frontier '' of 30 year , howev , and even though i still do not believ that age is onli mental , i must accept that i find more respect and understand for those `` older '' peopl in my soul . moreov , i find myself not onli respect those peopl but also their opinion , which impli that life doe not end when youth end and , mayb even more clearli , that you can enjoy life as long as your health allow you to and as long as you want to do it . right , young peopl discov everyth for the first time , young peopl live intens and have the strenght to tri out more . there are no night like the night when you discov nightlif , and there certainli is no love like the veri first love . the first travel are especi excit , and the same could be said about the first seriou intelectu enterpris , the first job , the first experi as a financi independ be . still , older peopl who grant thi but insist on the advantag of age definit have a point . for , in fact , young peopl do enjoy life , but they also suffer a lot ( that is whi the concept `` teenag angst '' exist , as well as one of the possibl explan for the popular of , say , punk music ) . while the veri first love ha - for better or wors - an extrem impact , life show you after a while that suffer relat to love onli seldom kill peopl , and that one use to find other person to love after a breakup - which is a thing no younger person deal with an unhappi love stori , for exampl , would even begin to understand . besid , the level of love you begin to feel and to perceiv after some year on thi earth are simpli incomprehens to younger peopl who are still in the process of discov love - and here i mean not onli love between two person as in a partnership or sexual relationship , but also fratern love , family-lov , friendship , and even love for certain aesthet artifact or for certain idea . experi bring a certain detach with it , it usual involv distanc and a decreas - howev pronunci - in passion , but it also impli deeper feel - you onli need to be old enough to notic that they are deeper . it would seem , thu , that both younger and older peopl enjoy life , or suffer it , more or less equal - onli differ . the experi in life are , inde , so differ and so potenti variet , that it simpli would not make sens to tri to locat `` joy '' in ani given age or life-period . young peopl use to enjoy passion and as if they were the onli person on earth , while older peopl tend to be a littl more matur about their own feel and about their own posit in the world . and thi appli to suffer , as well . so mayb it would be best to forget categor base on `` object '' fact like age and realli tri to make the best of one 's life regardless of how old one is . mayb it would be better to tri to enjoy life and to tri to make as much other peopl as possibl to enjoy it without care about peopl 's age . doe thi mean i am an `` older '' person who is look for `` justif '' or `` excus '' ? i certainli think thi is not the case , but i would let ani given younger person to judg , and in the end , i do not serious care - which could also mean that i have alreadi arriv at thi distant matur . .. which is ok with me ! as long as it last . ..