i agre with the statement that , `` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . '' in thi essay i will present a varieti of reason and exampl that support my convict . the veri purpos of an advertis is to maxim sale of a particular product . to maxim sale it is imper to convinc peopl to buy the product and make the product appear much better than it is . advertis highlight the good point of a particular product while neglect to mention it ' bad point . advertis for new drug , for instanc , often highlight how a particular drug can cure a certain diseas while neglect to mention ani side effect that may occur as a result of use that drug . some advertis advertis qualiti of the product that are unlik to be of much use . howev , peopl may be encourag to buy the product . for exampl , mani car advertis advertis the top speed of car - but who is go to drive a car at 300 km/per hour ? other advertis portray product as they would function under ideal condit , without describ how they would function under condit of common use . for instanc , advertis for mobil phone and other technolog item suggest that they can function perfectli for an indefinit time period . thi doe not , of cours consid the effect of normal wear and tear and entic peopl to buy them . the cleverest and often the most success advertis make use of subtl psycholog trick to encourag peopl to buy product . they do thi by ascrib attribut to the product that it may , in fact , lack . advertis for cigarett are a classic exampl . cigarett user are depict as fashion and popular as oppos to those who do not use cigarett . no compani mention the harm of cigarett until govern regul forc them to do so . deodor advertis are anoth exampl , often suggest that the male user of a particular deodor would have women follow him left , right and centr ! to conclud then , advertis aim to maxim sale of product by make them seem much better than they realli are . they do thi in a varieti of way - exampl of which i have given in the abov essay .