the word commun includ everi singl creatur in a particular area . thi categorz of commun is base on some of the follow like cast , religion , workplac , age etc. , the exampl are like brahmin commun in inida , hindu commun , infosi develop commun and senior citizen commun respect . i agre with the statement that young peopl these day are not spend enough time in help their commun . firstli , young peopl particularli of teenag are busi in their studi activit as they feel it is most import to get higher grade in their is more import to them which would help them in have a good life at a later point of time . for exampl younger one who are studi in the semi-residenti school are forc to spend most of their time in school or colleg which would make him difficult to attend the help work becaus of the fullday busi schedul . secondli , with the advanc of technolog in variou field ha reduc the need for younger one to help other in their commun particularli the elder among them . for exampl in older day where if a elderli person in a commun desir to write a letter , he would take help a younger one for write . but , with the advent of phone the necess of a younger to help the aged-citizen is avoid . thirdli and importantli the selfish feel among the younger one ha chang their mind to deni help to ani one in the commun . although mutual co-ordin is import in a communtiy for good relat among the peopl in it , it is given least import than it should be given onli becaus of the feel of selfish . for exampl , a younger would like to lend hi belong if and onli if the person he is lend is offer someth in return to what he ha given . lastli self-enjoy is consid import these day which is prevent a younger to help hi commun in some way or the other . for exampl one would prefer to enjoy in an event organis by someon els rathr than to organis the event for other . final , with all the abov mention reason the younger one are not abl to spend enough in help the commun in which they live around .