peopl live in modern time have benefit from mani invent and discoveri that have enrich the world . dedic scientist even devot their life time in order to explor differ way to make our live better . when explor the subject , these peopl do not hesist to rake risk and evolv their project rather than onli do what they are familiar with or know how to do veri well . there is one import question that should be ask . whi do peopl need to tri new thing and take risk ? i strongli believ that peopl , who are or want to be success , do take risk and tri new thing instead of concentr on their everi day subject , sinc repeat everyday knowledg and not question their current involv would not be hepl and enough to make them success peopl . first , when i consid about peopl who had left import print on the histori with the differ ascpect and variou subject of scienc , literatur and art , i can reach a conclus that almost all of these import figur were fill with the motiv of becom success and they took risk to achiev their target . for exampl , the nobel laurett economist jame tobin say that ` rare is the child who want to grow up to be an economist or a professor , i myself did . .. ' . although be grown up in a villag and veri poor famili , prof. tobin did not easili give up hi dream and inspit of her father 's reject , he decid to studi econom instead of work as a farmer , which wa the thing he wa veri familiar with and even he wa veri good at . without give up hi dream and by take some risk such as failur and financi difficulti that he experienc in the time period of hi educ , he continu hi studi passion and becam a worlwid known economist . final , he wa award with a nobel prize in 1982 , which is a strong evid of hi success . second , when peopl are just concentr on the subject and work , which they are veri familiar with , then they may loos their desir to be success sinc there is an huge possibl to think that they have alreadi achiev enough knowledg so whi to struggl more and tri new thing . in conclus , i strongli believ that there are yet more to exlpor and more to develop also question all around of the world to make the futur brighter and better for next gener . in order to make an epoch and not onli have a solid contribut to the social world we live in but also to be success , peopl should be abl to take risk and they should not be just depend on the subject they alreadi know .