the issu of whether understand idea and concept is more import to student than learn fact . some peopl assert that understand concept is more import , while other believ that learn fact is more import . differ peopl have differ view due to their distinct background . as a matter of fact , thi issu is complex and controvers one and whether one choic take precend ovr the other may quit depend one the specif situat . as far as i am concern , i disagre with thi statement and my view can be substanti by the follow discuss . the first argument can be present is idea and concept are usual unrealist and un-pract . a good exampl is about my major - physic therapiest . mani of classmat could get good score in the lectur , but they could not get good score in the lab or be intern in the hospit becaus they could make a good connect between what they had learn and the clinic situat . under thi circumst , i realli think learn fact is veri import . in addtion , there is anoth reason to support my standpoint and a good exampl is not far to seek . befor go abroad , peopl buy the travel guid book and understand the environ and cultur of the countri to which they are go . but sometim , peopl feel what the book mention is too abstract to understand and therefor , the best way is go that countri and have the real experi . admittedli , it may be true understand idea and concept is veri basic and import for student in some specif situat . howev , thi alon doe n't constitu a sufficienct support to claim abov statement . actual , these case are rare and thu are too specif and too weak to strenthen thi standpoint . when the advantag and disadvantag of understand concept and lear fact are care examin , the most strike conclsuion is abviou that lear fact is much more import . to sum up , although the statement still arous diagreement among differ peopl , the issu is quit difficut to resolv . take into account the above-ment reasons , which sometim intertwin to form an organ whole and thu becom to be more persuas , we can arriv at the conclus lear fact is more import to student than undersatdn idea and concept .