i disagre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . the follow explan shall provid the basi for my opinion that older peopl enjoy life more than young peopl do . young peopl often seem to be happi and cheer . they particip in a lot of activ , are often around other peopl and enjoy their leisur time with excit thing . older peopl often stay at home , do not have mani differ activ in their daili life and seem to be less excit . the abov statement decrib the surfac of what the life of these two group of societi is like . in my opinion it is more import to take a look under the surfac and to find out about the mental state of these peopl . young peopl often find themselv be put under pressur . life for them is veri difficult . they are grow up and their environ and their own attitud and opinion chang veri quickli . it is difficult for young peopl to take decis and to be strong . thi lead to a varieti of mechan of self-protect , which often impli an activity-ori life . for exampl , mani young peopl often go to parti . they seem to be enjoy life as much as possibl . howev , they are often just take a break from their stress life , but are still not abl to truli enjoy their life . they are not truli relax and happi , bcaus they are not realli do what is best for them . older peopl have mostli pass thi phase of doubt and difficulti . they show a more relax attitud toward life and it surpris turn . thi group of the societi know that mistak are made and wrong decis happen , and have learn to take everyth easier . moreov , older peopl to not let themselv be put under pressur by other peopl or circumst . they show the abil to take more decis in their own interest and to know what they want for their life . for exampl , they do not go out to parti as much as young peopl do . they know better that activ includ a more person social contact is worth more than just push away their problem . older peopl are choos their best opportun for life and enjoy them . the abov paragraph argu my opinion that older peopl enjoy life more than young peopl do .