`` i know not how the third world war is go to be , but i know that fourth world war is go to be with stone and stick '' , thi is a famou quot by sir albert einstein . today is world of rapid technolog and industri advanc , the day is not far when there is a satur of sourc eventu lead to retrograd of the societi . i would absolut agre that in the next twenti year ther would be fewer car than they were today . i rememb read the poem of william wordsworth , beauti describ the countrysid and mother natur . in today 's world it is inde imposs to find such a place in real . right from the incept man is driven by a quest for knowledg . there is an urg or a curios to know and to find out thing around him . thi ha definit led to the industri revolut . one of the biggest achiev ha been the invent of the automobil . with the develop of car and other mean of trasnport the world had definit becom a smaller place . convey wa made easier and effect . but one import aspect to thi revolut is the traffic congest it ha creat . i would like to state an exampl , i live in a big citi and it take me one hour to reach my colleg which is just 8 kilomet away from my hous . i will have plan out thing befor hand incas i wish to go to a place somewher far as it liter take me year to reach my destin . there ha been a signific rise in the awar about the pollut caus by automobil . thi pollut not onli effect the environ but also to live be . the number of case of asthma and other lung diseas have risen due to the ever increas traffic and pollut liber by vehicl . there are case of earli retard of child develop due to the inhal of harm lead compon releas by the vehicl . in earlier day , car were a statu issu . peopl who were wealthi onli could afford a car . it is no longer so . although peopl are abl to buy car but the maintain of car is a difficult task in today 's wrold . it is said that buy a car is easier than maintain it . today there is an increas urg to go green by reduc the individu contribut to go green . peopl are revert to the use of cycl and bike which use plant as fuel . peopl are becom more health consiou and henc perfer to walk or jog it up to their destin . henc i would like to conclud that although there is a continu rise in the number of car , after a span of twenti year the number of car will reduc due to increas awar among peopl .