we might think that young peopl enjoy life more than older peol do becaus they want to experi thing , to discov thing and also becaus they have the energi and the strength to do it . but is thi statement realli true ? first of all , we will see that young peopl enjoy the life more than older peopl and whi . then , in a second part , we will explain whi , to some extend , older peopl know how to enjoy life mayb more than the young . first of all , it is a common idea that young peopl want to enjoy life as much as they can . whi ? becaus they do not know yet the problem they will have to face dure the follow year . gener , they follow the famou carp diem which advis peopl to live each moment with intens , as if it wa the last day of one 's life . young peopl have the strong need to experi thing , to discov , to destroy the boundari of the parent , of the societi . .. for exampl , they will go to parti when the parent do not agre , or will take risk by travel to countri where they do not have ani acquaint , just to do it , becaus it is cool , as they say . .. but , even if they do not have the same physic fit and strenght , older peopl also enjoy life , mayb more than the young . inde , older peopl have live , they saw what they need to see , they live what they had to live . thank to their experi of life , they know the good thing that provid the real pleasur , the real happi . they are abl to compar and so , to know what realli matter in life , the way they can enjoy life as much as possibl . for instanc , they will appreci each littl moment with their littl chidren , with their friend . .. thu , they will enjoy life certainli more than young peopl . to conclud , i think that the statement which claim that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do is wrong . i total disagre with it becaus i can not accept to think that i have alreadi live the best thing in my life . on the contrari , i think that the best moment in my life will come . to enjoy life , you do not have to do incred thing . i think that to enjoy life , you just have to appreci all the littl good moment with the peopl you love . ..