from birth to death , life is a preciou thing that we should enjoy everyday . older peopl have probabl more thing to enjoy life such as time , money and experi but i think that young peopl have more opportun to do so . these oportun are for the most import , the youth of their bodi which can allow them of more activ and the lack of respons . first , most of young peopl 's bodi are in shape . their muscl and tissu are tight and they have a good breath . thi fact allow them to enjoy outsid and insid activ or differ sport like tenni , soccer or footbal who requir a good breath , muscl in shape and a good endur . an other exampl would be the practic of extrem and sometim danger sport such as snowboard or skyfli , parachut , a young person is more abl to do it than an old person who can be scare to break someth . all these activ are fun and make you spend a great time , especi with a group of friend . an other signific exampl is the sexual life in a coupl . i know thi matter can be difficult to talk about for some peopl but i think that it 's still part of enjoy life , especi if you love your partner . a young person is sexual more activ than an old one and it is also part of enjoy life to have a good sexual life . be in shape secondli , the young peopl do n't usual have ani respons such as children , spous or import job . they are free of their movement and can live their life as they intend to befor they get stuck in a stabl situat , when it will be almost imposs to do so . in that case , they are free to enjoy life in the fullest . for exampl , travel is a good way to have a great time and learn about differ countri and cultur . of cours an old person can still travel but they wo n't have the same dynamisn if they are realli old or the same freedom if they have a famili behind them . for instanc , a child can stop you in do adult activ . to conclud , i think that life is much more enjoy when you are young for a lot of reason such as the bodi 's abil , the freedom , friendship and parti . so young peopl should n't lost time and enjoy life while they can befor becom adult .