global warm , cold , the ozon layer becom thinner . .. etc . what do you think is caus these problem ? ye . it 's mostli becaus of car . we all know that car are pollut environ and caus mani diseas . and yet , we 're still use car veri often . whi ? it 's becaus it 's fast and comfort when it take us to our destin . i disagre that there will be fewer car 20 year later . in my opinion , even the time goe to 2026 , the car will still be our number one trasport . there are some reason whi i think thi way . first , car are veri fast . it 's much fast than run and walk and bike . even though there are buse and train , it 's crowdi and also too big and slow for us to use for our daili live . but car are differ . it 's fast and comfort . it can took us to the destin in short period of time . unless we can invent transport which is as fast and comfortalbl as car , i think we will still use car in 2026 . second , car are privat for one or one 's famili . you ca n't realli talk privat thing in the bu and train becaus it can annoy peopl around you . also , you ca n't realli talk privat sinc there are mani peopl listen . howev , in car , you can talk freeli sinc there are onli your mate or your famili in the space . not to mention that you can use car anytim you want . third , car have uniqu design . some rich peopl even collect mani car . unlik other transport , you can decor your car in what fassion or color you like becaus it 's quit small and cheaper than the other transport . nowaday , as technolog develop , you can also do mani thing in car . for exampl , you can listen to music , watch tv , cook some food , etc . i think even the time flow 20 year , we will still ca n't find transport like car , which ha uniqu design and mani use . i think car are great transport to human even though time flow to 2026 . but , pollut the environ got to be stop . mani scientist are develop new way to find resours , such as solar energi , wind energi , tide energi and so on . i hope to see a wonder car without pollut air in 2026 .