it seem possibl to affirm that most advertis make product look much better than they realli are . howev , one must not forget that that is the `` natur of the beast . '' after all , compani hire a multi-billion dollar machineri to convinc us , avid consum , of our need to look just like the perfect model from suburbia that are use not onli to sell product , but also to use our vaniti and lust to lure us to buy , buy , buy . let me give you an exampl of the way advertis compani use our desir to look great and to be desir to make us buy their product . two day ago i went to the movi theater . while i wa wait for my movi to begin , i wa bombard by a miriad of commerci advertis all sort of product , all the way from beauti cream to cigarrett . after the third commerci with the sporti type advertis gym cloth , a membership to a trendi sport facil and the requir pill to burn fat , i wa feel fat , grossli inadequ , and readi to run so that i could get all i need to get on the right track . all of a sudden , a deep realiz struck me : all of that can not be real ! i can exercis to the point of exhaust , get all the right cloth , take all the prescrib pill -- not by a medic doctor , mind you -- and even then , i will never look like the blond , blue-ey , muscular guy on the screen . do n't believ me yet ? just ask yourself : how mani curvaci women or apollinean guy have greet you at the car dealership last time you bought a new car ? some peopl would like to say that advertis are noth but a clear reflect of the product they offer . while i am will to conced that there is just littl you can do to make a glass of milk look more apet than what it is , one ha onli to look at the `` got milk ? '' advertis to get the point : to advertis compani , it doe not matter if what they are offer is as good as they say it is , or even if the attent of the consum is not so much on the product they are sell but on the person they are use to advertis it , what matter to them is that it sell . how mani time have you been move to get the trendiest , newest , more expens brand of cloth , cellular phone , car , etc. just to discov after a brief period of usag that , in spite of all the empti promis and allur techniqu use by the advertis compani , what you got is noth but apiec of trash ? think about the famou marlboro commerci . how mani peopl thought that smoke wa a fanci activ just by look at the romant sunset with the cowboy loom on the horizon ? how about the effect of smoke on your health ? care to talk about cancer and relat ill ? obvious , truth-tel and advertis do not go hand-in-hand . most advertis compani want one thing and onli one : to sell their client ' product . if they need to lie , modifi , or even disguis the real product or it effect in order to sell it , that is exactli what they will do . got milk late ?