it is alway discuss whether young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl . old peopl may have the experi but young peopl have all the fun . it is clear that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . firstli , young peopl are more open-mind as oppos to older peopl . older peopl have alway that prejudic about a new topic . on the other hand young peopl are alway eager to tri and experi new thing which are veri like to be amus . but old peopl gener do not want to tri new thing , instead they prefer to sit at home and watch tv . moreov young peopl have the abil to perform hard physic task but on the contrari old peopl are not abl to skydiv for exampl . a young person can easili do it but an old person can not . there are variou exampl like : dive , horserid , mountclimb etc . as the time pass the societi chang , the tradit chang . young peopl are more familiar with the trend than old peopl are . for exampl my grandfath doe not know what an ipod is . that would make them behind of the social phenomena . they can not keep track of the chang that young peopl can easili adapt to . technolog advanc , we all know how to use comput and chat but my grandmoth doe not know what chat is . young peopl are more familiar with the technolog and they use it for fun on the other hand old peopl ca n't . young peopl may experi new thing . that is what is great about be young , you do not make mistak , you experi . young peopl do not have restrict such as kid , they do not work as the older peopl do . so they can go where ever they want and whenev they want . they can travel more freeli than older peopl do . they do not have the respons of the kid and they have much more time for themselv . they do not have to go to work everyday instead they may go see a footbal game in a differ citi . they do not have to make money , their parent send them money . as the time pass peopl get loneli but young peopl have all their friend to be with or to talk to . to sum up older peopl may have the experi that young peopl do n't have but it is clearli obviou that young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl do . all live creatur get old , but they should live and enjoy their life while they are still young .