in my opinion , it is inde more import for a student to grasp idea and concept than it is to simpli learn all the relev fact oz heart . what use is the most encompass accuml of fact if you can not employ them in a specif context , in other word in relat to a specif conceptu framework ? let us assum for instanc that i would know in advanc all the relev fact , that is question , topic and text , import vovabularz that are be use in the toefl test ( which is of cours imposs ) . thi would not necessarili help me to score high and be effect in my strategi for answer the singl question becaus these question heavili reli on the concept as well as the gener context that the singl read passag , lectur and/or convers elabor as a whole . of cours there are question that pertain to specif detail . yet these detail can not alway stand for themselv and be seen independ , but are interwoven within the themat frame of the text . an exampl of thi would be the word ` romanticist ' . as a fact state within a class on british poetri that term doe not relat to topic of romanc and the love between to peopl . howev , in anoth context such as an everyday convers with my friend in a pub , me claim to be a ` romanticist ' can veri well indic these thing ( although in real life i would probabl just use the adject and say that i am ` romant ' ) . also , and thi would be anoth reason for my argument , fact can either chang over time or simpl be fals depend from what sourc they come from . for instanc , it ha becom a well-known fact that the inform that is provid by internet site such as the onlin encyclopedia ` wikipedia ' must not be seen as reliabl and 100 % correct becaus anyon can contribut to it databas . to sum up , although it is import to pay attent to all the fact and detail that are be present one also ha to be extrem care and attent when it come to put these fact into pragmmat use . also , one constantlz ha to be awar of the fact ( no pun intend ) where the inform one is use is come from . becaus as sever exampl from histori and polit have shown misinform and the abus of power can be use to manipul peopl 's opinion or to justifi certain militari oper .