older peopl enjoy life more than younger peopl do . from my perspect , the world is made for older peopl , instead of younger . when you are young you get ignor for what ever you do by older . also , the world is creat becaus older made lot of efford to develop the world . when you are older you can experi whatev you like , you can have freedom , and you have power to control younger . when you are older you can experi what ever you love . you can drink alchol , you can go to anywher you like , and you can choos what to do for the career . when you are young you are rule by parent that they onli want good , model stuent . they want you to do well in studi , sport and anyth . i myself had difficult life when i wa young , i wa kind of stuck with my parent that , i could n't do whatev i like . when you are older you can have freedom . for as long as you like , you can go the wherev countri you like . if i turn thirti , i want to go around the world and explor differ cultur . when you are young your parent want to be with you all the time . they do n't want you to go anywher but the hous . that what older peopl can enjoy life more than younger peopl do . when you are older you have power to control over young peopl . say , you are polic you have power to rule over young peopl , and teacher can do it too . young peopl are just the step to be older . that 's whi young peopl can not enjoy life . they are limit to enjoy life . in other hand older have so much time and energi to enjoy life . also the vision is differ , between young peopl and older peopl . older peopl have much more wider view than young peopl . that 's how older peopl can enjoy their life . these are the reason whi older peopl are better than young peopl . older peopl can experi , have freedon , and have power . world is like the world to older peopl not for the young peopl . if young peopl want to explor better life , they should studi hard and may have patienc to be older peopl . older peopl enjoy life more than young peopl do .