the issu of know if young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do is a interest one . on the one hand , young peopl are certainli healthier than the older . but on the other hand , older peopl have a lot of free time to enjoy life . howev , my firm belief is that it is easili to enjoy life for the young peopl rather than for the older one . firstli , we have to think of the matter of the health . it is an undeni fact that young peopl are in gener healthier than the oldest . for exampl , it is easili to do exercis when you are young . inde , a lot of old peopl do have diseas which make them not unabl to do what they want . therefor , if you realli like a sport , you will be more abl to practic it when you are young . secondli , young peopl do not have a long experi of life . on the whole , youth may be consid as the time of discoveri , and there are differ discoveri . some young peopl may want to travel all around the world , for exampl . of cours , it is a fact that gener , old peopl have more money than the youngest . but actual , it doe not matter ! when you are young , you may think that the comfort is not a preval point in a trip . wherea most of young peopl , old peopl may have difficulti to travel a lot , just becaus it is realli exhaust . last but not least , young peopl may enjoy life more than older peopl just becaus they have less thing to matter . for exampl , a young peopl doe not worri about hi job , about what he ha to pay or not each month . a young person ha not live hi life yet , and a lot of opportun are open to him , he can still decid what is life will be . to conclud , i would like to say that young peopl do not often enjoy life more than the older , even if it may appear quit obviou . there are also a lot of way to enjoy life when you are old , becaus you often have more free-tim , and you have much experi than the youngest . you can see your children and your children ' children grow , and i think that is one of the beautifulest thing in the world .