i agre with statment made in the question , as we leav in a earth with land of opportun for everyon . it is lie on us how we abl to grap the oppotun we get in day to day life with do thing differ . and alway tri with a differ way to make thing more better and easier rather then do the same thing which we use to do from long time . some time we have to take calcul risk to go for the task which we decid . it ha been describ with exampl . as in the world of competit everi person wo want to grow up better it ha to face the differ challang . mani peopl they do the work as they have been asign or they just keep on do the same work as they use to do from long time , but succes person alway thing about that work like for achev some task you tri differ way to do the thing you will abl to finish the task veri fast and more product with take some risk . likewis with the exampl of person who sell fast food product like burger or pizza , we see today mani franzis store of them are availbl common person who is not abl to understand the chang need of market if they keep on tri to sell their product on tradit way they are out of market today , but the person who made chang like to epand their bussi with more number of store in franzis way with use new scientfic way make their product more advertis and give more emphasi on their qualiti and valu for mani with take risk like go public limit or invest in bigger way given huge succ on long term . with the exampl of mahatma gandhi who ha been succes in hi life and today whole world rememb him becaus of he tri the massag of nonviol to the peopl when peopl they just tri on violanc to achiev their pogit , he take so mani risk like to convis he is a right sometim he use put hi life on stake without live with food just convey the massag the strength he had , and he made all the way and he wa succes to get the victori and abl give the nation democraci , so i beliv it is worth do thing differnetli rather than keep on do thing same way so it requir lot of new initiatv , idea and courag to go for the thing as per the chane requir of life . and to achiv ani higher goal one ha to take some risk but that is worth do to make life more simpler .