i disagre with the statement that the young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun becaus in my opinion the youth today are much more involv in variou activ than befor and there involv show that they do have the time for the commun . they are more awar of the condit and are more respons and are do everyth they can . thi statement can be justifi by the follow exampl . firstli , the youth today are more awar of the conditon of the societi and are will to make a differ and do there bit to be a part of the differ not consid the time factor . thi is understood by studi the statist of the number of young student sign up for the volunt organis today which are onli invovl in actual work on the underdevelop part of the commun and variou other activ on those line , inspit of thi invol some realli menial work the youth are not stop from enrol into it . secouldli , record of the number of donat come from univers for improv the societi also tell us someth about them . the student especi when a calam strike take time out and not be selfish , are seen play full out to restor the condit of there commun . the exampl of the hurrican khathrina can be taken when student from univers all over the us got to togeth by form group in there respect univers to gather everth they can to help the victim in all possibl way . final the youth are also observ take up commun servic perform servic to clean up there own commun . they involv al the youth and make it a more fun activ rather than a time consum one . all these abov exampl justifi me disagre with the statement of the youth not have time for help the commun . ye the student today do have more challeng than they did and have mani more thing to do in there hand to surviv in the competit world but inspit that they do realis the respos and be respos citizen in there respect countri all around the world work toward make a differ keep the time constraint but use it effici by not allow it to come in the way as a reason . thu i would like to conclud by say that youth today do give time to help the commun becaus they understand the import of it more than anybodi els .