thi is a veri intersst question . the answer to thi question is not easi . after my first thought i do not agre to thi statement . in these day almost everybodi ha hi own car . it is veri confort drive in your own car , you do not depend on other or on public transport . i prefer drive by car , becaus i can descid spontani what i would likt to do and where i would like to go . sometim it is even cheaper drive by car , than take public transport , like bu or train . while go on vacat , you can also descid use the bu , train , plain or even your car . mostli it is cheaper drive by car . these are some exampl whi drive car are could be better than use public transport . we are not allow to forget : technologi is rise veri fast these day . at the moment the automobil industri ist tri to develop a motor , that doe not spend ga . they are look for differ kind of ressourc . the plan is to keep car , but make them work with electr or solar energi for exampl . so if they spend anoth 5 year on develop a new motor for car , i do not think they will be abl find differ sourc for transport besid car so fast . reason for car get fewer and fewer in the futur could be the rise price , not onli on car , but also the oil price . drive your own car is alreadi veri expens . first of all you must have enough money to buy the car . that ist not it . you must also plan the cost that are relat with buy a car , like tax , insur and ga . the ga price ha been rais sinc sever year and will probabl still rise the next year . thi make car drive even more expens . so if peopl start think about their money in a more seriou matter , they will think about realli buy a car or save the money . but mayb there will be some invent in the futur that will chang all our expect . mayb we will be abl to fli by ourselv in small plane or in some kind of rocket . the imagin is big , the sky is the limit . i could even imagin that nobodi will drive car in 20 year , becaus we will be fli , not drive anymor . so it realli depend on how the develop of invent for the futur are . but if everyth stay like it is and we keep use our car as we do now , i do not agre to the statement abov . our popul is get bigger and bigger , the street are get fuller and fuller and the car industri is make more profit than ever ! there are so mani new car build year for year , that i do not think there will be fewer car in twenti year .