today , car are an import object of our life , it ha becom one of the base of our life and a great mean of transport . it is also a symbol of freedom and independ for both young and older peopl . but with the progress disparit of crude oil , we could wonder how it will be in 20 year . to answer thi question , i will see in a first part that there are no sign show a decreas of car in use and in a second part that there will even be an increas of car in use but differ car . fisrt of all , i do n't think that there will be fewer car in use in 20 year , i mean 20 year , it is nearli tomorrow ; the situat can not chang so fast . nowaday , we are in a mass consumpt societi , which consomm a lot of all materi object and especi car . a statist have be done and show that car are not a familiiy object anymor but are now an individu good , so it prove the increas of car bought . moreov , in 20 year there wo n't be other mean of transport as develop as the car is nowaday . there will be new car but still at their bgin . today the scientist research can not propos a mean of replac to the car . at the contrari , i think that the number of car in use will still increas for some decad , but it wo n't be the same car that we have today . everybodi know that there are less and less oil in the reserv , that pit are go to be empti in some decad and that the price of crude oil is alway and steadili increas . but all thi fact do n't mean the end , the death of car . it onli show that we need new sourc of energi and new ressourc , such as water , sun , veget element . we are onli moov to a new type of car , a new age . today , there are alreadi test which are made for new car but it is not develop enougn to be sell and use . there are some prototyp of car use water as energi but it is still a begin . to sum up , i do n't agre with thi statememt ; at the contrari , i think that there will be more car in 20 year that there are today . there will certainli be less car use crude oil but more and more car use new energi