i disagre with the statement , `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . the follow point mention below support my argument that , number of car will increas in twenti year . one of the most import thing that contritubut to the drastic increas in the number of car is there easi avail in the market . fourti year ago in india , onli two type car were avail , namelli , ambassdor and premeier padmini . one ha to place and order to buy a car and use to get the car deliv six month later the order wa place . there wa a monopoli exist in the market at that time and and it exist till late 1980 's in india . onc the phenomena globalis ha been start , it made possibl for the custom to have sever option when buy a car and ha enabl mani peopl were abl to buy car . the ever increas bank sector also contribut to the increas in the number of car sinc last ten year . get financ from a bank to buy a car is lot easi now than it wa some ten year ago . in a recent survey conduct in hyderabad , the capit citi of state of andhra pradesh in india , it wa observ the number of car were increas by 20 % compar to the previou year . a mojor of peopl who bought new car that year had avail financ from bank . thi point corrobor that avail of easi financ to buy car will help increas the nubmer of car be use . off late , the boom it sector had fetch mani peopl well paid job . mani of these employ peopl have been purchas car . thi factor also contribut the rise in the number of car user . thi ha happen in the last ten year and seem to grow more strongli in the come year with the ever expand it industri . one more thing which also influenc the number of car be purchas is their ever decreas price as a result of the price war between sever manufactur in the market . now in the present scenario , lot of option are avail for the custom at a rel low price compar to earlier . which is drive more peopl to buy car for their use . all the point mention abov had happen over the past ten year and there are no reason for that trend to go the other way . i think i am well place to conclud that number of car in use will increas in the come year rather than decreas .