through the televis , nespap , or on the street we can see ani advertis . and we sometim feel that advertis are seem too much better thatn they realli are . and that is true . i agre with the statement that most advertis make product seem much better than the realli are . but there is reason for that they need to make advertis seem much better that real product . for make look better , cheaper , bigger , or use . i will give you some situat for prove my opinion . for the first situat , when you see advertis , you could see that they are say that you will never get thi product in thi price . but when you are go to the mart , you will feel that their product are not that cheaper than other compani product , or sometim you will see more chaep one . for anoth situat , when you are drive , you can see the advertis on the street sometim . for the exampl , their is advertis that advertis a restaur on the street . usual lot restaur advertis with their food pictur . so they are make you to go their restaur , and get their food . howev , when you go that restaur , sometim you feel that their food are much smaller than advertis . for the last situat , on tv , we can see lot advertis . we can see same advertis in same time , same channel everyday . and whenev the compani built a new product , they are make new advertis for their new product , so peopl are go to buy thier new product . for the exampl , the cell phone . we can see the verizon , or cingular 's new cell phone everi month or two month . and they advertis that their new cell phone is best cell phone in thi world . so they made you buy their new cell phone . but two mont later , they made new cell phone which is much better than your cellphon . now , your cell phone is not the best cell phone in thi world at all . when you see my statement with these reason , you will feel that most advertis are seem much better than their real product . but for make peopl buy their product , they will keep make advertis that seem much better than they realli are .