today , special on a specif academ subject is a must for most of the research . where innov need differ appoach to the problem , most of the research work carri out today requir improv on the previou result . have a broad knowledg on a specif topic is not enough to improv an exist research , even to do innov . instead , scienc make harder to special where it eas to access knowledg . improv and innov in scienc push peopl to special on certain topic rather than have the broad knowledg on seper topic . new innov , improv requir more and more special on the studi topic sinc the research area divid into sub-area . for exampl , the first comput wa made by electron engin while the futur improv lead to a new academ area call `` comput scienc '' . at thi point , no gener improv can made on thi area , becaus it is alreadi divid into sever sub-area like network , comput vision , algorithm , etc . these sub-area are also divid into sub-area , like wireless network , lead to the constant special on the certain area . special on a specif area let research to concentr on the subject that they are research on , make unnecessari part unavali . in the earli time of comput , program and electron engin were close relat and most of the research is carri on by the peopl with the electron background . but with the improv on the technolog , program and electron begin to split up . today , there is still relat subject which bring comput scientist and electron engin togeth , but today for most of the peopl work on the electron field , program is not a `` must '' if they research on comput . in today 's world , inform is wide access with technolog use like world wide web ( www ) . in the old time , access knowledg wa hard becaus of use book , connect problem and distanc between research from differ citi or countri . today 's technolog allow everyon to access knowledg and have it . so thi forc peopl to special on topic instead of have broad inform alon . special on certain academ subject increas the opportun to improv previou work and innov . have onli the broad inform is not enough for futur tech .