i think it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . inde , it is import not to focu on onli one aspect of thing and life . the world around us is made with plenti of differ thing that one should be familiar with . have a larg scale of knowledg allow us to understand almost everyth that happen in our societi , and therefor we do n't have to reli on other ' knowledg in order to make our own opinion . there are mani differ way of see thing and event . if we are abl to watch thing onli from one point of view , we might miss the most import . for exampl , when you listen to a politician you might have some econom knowledg and thu understand part of hi speech . thu , if what he say is econom accur you will tend to agre with him . but if instead you have law knowledg you might understand it a total differ way and if what he say is not accur in a law point of view , you will total disagre with him . on the other hand , if you have knowledg both in law and in economi , you will be abl to take the speech as a whole and to make a balanc between law and econom interest . then your opinion seem to me more valuabl to me . on a more practic point of view , i think that , in today societi , we must be abl to adapt to veri differ situat . for exampl i will certainli have to chang of job sever time . if i am veri special in one specif subject , i wo n't have a larg scale of possibl . thu , the larger the scale of my knowledg , the more chanc i will have to find a job that suit me . in addit , employ now ask to their employe to be abl to adapt to differ situat and to be abl to manag veri differ issu . therefor they need to have broad knowledg of difffent subject . but on the other hand , i am consciou that have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject should n't lead to have onli superfici knowledg . it is also import to be abl to go depper into a specif subject . but i am of the opinion that if you are abl to understand a larg scale of subject , it will then be easier to focu more specif on one , be abl to understand all the implic the subject can bring , not be trap in a narrow way of see thing .