young peopl are usual the subject of critic . older gener tend to critic the younger peopl mainli for the cultur differ creat over the cours of time . for instanc , it is not difficult to hear complaint by older peopl that younger peopl these day are less polit and that young peopl are blame for destroy the right usag of word and instead , creat slang . howev , these are problem simpli creat from discrep between gener . the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun also is one of these unjustifi critic or simpl misunderstand . for variou reason , whether it is from warm-heart sympathi or simpli for colleg admiss , young peopl nowaday actual spend more time in social servic . they also tend to particip more as a commun member due to increas opportun for them . in the gener of grandmoth or even father , there have not been such vigor demand for good educ . as the gener move on the the inform age , better educ is highli prefer against primit educ . the gener trend of the unit state is move toward marri men with colleg degre ; a recent studi show that those without graduat certif are have much more difficulti in marriag . due to thi increas demand of higher educ , young peopl these day are prepar to receiv better educ in more famou colleg . the colleg insist that student should demonstr not onli academ abil but also their particip in commun and social servic . in fact , i have seen some student in my high school with more than 300 hour of commun work . when i went to a camp , i met a girl who wa award for do 1000 hour of commun servic . although there is anoth hidden purpos of get advantag in admiss to better colleg , as a whole , these young peopl are help their commun more . in addit , it is import that the definit of help the commun is not limit to mere social servic . help the commun might mean serv as a part of a club , or even attend certain institut . compar to the past , there are mani more opportun for young peopl to be involv as a member of their commun ; for instanc , there is well-known club call interact club that help the societi through activ like fund-rais or car wash . attend institut such as librari or work as internship in local hospit , in the long run , produc much more educ and experienc peopl , which is benefici and help to the commun around them . it is true that there are sever tradit ruin due to the rapid rise of young gener ; yet , it is not right to critic the young peopl blindedli . though it may not be from the warm-heart sympathi , younger peopl tend to particip more in commun servic for the admiss and are more of direct part of the societi due to increas opportun . with increas propaganda or campaign on televis that peopl who are warm-heart and know how to appreci the commun around them are more prefer over cold-heart selfish peopl , there is no doubt that the number of peopl help their commun will increas even more in the futur .