when student studi thing which are new to them , student alway at first to learn the fact , but what is more import for the student is to understand the idea and concept behind all the fact . first of all , if the student just onli learn the fact , it is veri easi for them to forget the fact after not long period of time . but if the the student can understand the idea and concept which lie down the fact , they will be easi to memor most of the fact which they have learn . or the student can also get some use result themselv from the idea and concept which they total understand , even if they mayb forget some part of the fact . secondli , it is easier for the student to make applic to other area when they grasp the deep idea and concept in one area . for exampl , the student learn the fact that air will flow from area with higher pressur to area with lower pressur , at the same time if they also understand that the idea and concept of thi fact is the theori of air equil . so they can easili make applic to the car or train brake system which are control by the high pressur air . last but not least , if the student can understand the idea and concept lie down the fact and they can sometim also connect thi idea and concept with other exist idea and concept , they will mayb make lot of spark on develop new idea and concept which is veri use for all the peopl . and actual , thi is true for how our modern scien and art develop . poepl alway develop new idea from old idea and then applic them into realiti , then the process will make poepl understand our world more and more and make our life more and more splendid . abov to all the abov , we can see that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn onli the fact . thi is becaus understand the idea and concept not onli let them easier rememb the fact but also let them easier make applic of the idea and concept , even more , it will help student develop more new idea and concept .