innov , risk and success in scienc the factor which make a random academician a distinguish scientist , or an ordinari cook a chief of reput lie in the same place : innov . to introduc new idea , or even combin the exist one in a differ way chang the cours of the live , countri and eventu the histori yet to be written . howev , it take it toll under the threat of risk . against all odd and all the risk , the innov is still the key to the success in everi profess . here is the journey of the same person prove that how innov and risk take can alter the cours of histori . and in lack of these two factor how a sucess person can spend year without reach to a solut . albert einstein wa a curiou mind strive to explain the connect between the forc govern the univers . he chang the paradigm of the physic from old newtonian perspect introduc the rel . thi wa also mean the risk of unaccept and scorn comment from the peer in physic . after all , he wa just an offic in a patent offic studi physic in an unscholarli way . in fact , hi earli paper are reject by the journal . howev , he ha been eventu prove to be true by the observ claim him to be sucess . iron , in the second part of hi profession life when the quantum theorist follow hi way to form the next paradigm known as quantum mechan , he would be the person to build the barrier against the new idea . he would say ` god doe not play dice ... ' not accept the probabilti factor in physic . he spent hi last year work on the same problem the way he did for the rel , have no answer . the old way of think determinist and ad the beauti of mathemat were not work anymor . problem need a new approach from which einstein preffer to stay away . nobodi can guess what would happen if he tri to collobor with the new paradigm and search for new idea . take the risk of find that the univers depend on a probabl game wa not bearabl and einstein stay in hi track with no other sucess . the same great mind with two differ attitud bring two differ consequ : a ground break theori and a solitari research era , give a good exampl how innov and courag the scientist should be if they are to be success .