it often believ that young peopl now are less involv in their commun as compar to the past but howev i do not agre with thi notion . i believ that even today young peopl are as involv as they use to be befor . they are as will to give time to hepl their communti as they did befor . take an exampl from my person experi , i would like to put light on my stanc . recent , a veri unfair and unfortun incid occur . outsid my school bulid a young poor boy wa ruthlesli be beaten up by a man who claim that the boy wa lean on the bonnet of hi car and come from such a low background he had no right to do so . thi schock and alarm the student and teacher of our school . thi call for some seriou action becaus thi one incid wa just reflect of the unjust natur of our societi . so a group of student and teacher decid to take action against thi . thi group of student and teacher made it a point to report the case to the polic and made sure that effect action wa taken against the man who had made thi fatal mistak . not onli that the princip of my school ( a young ladi ) went further to provid the young boy with admiss in our school for free . thi is just one arbitari exampl of an incid that took place on a small scale . but howev , thi exampl is symbol of the sensit and willing of young peopl to help their communtiy even if thi requir them to go out of their way . i would like to point out an other fact that thi is not onli the situat in my countri but also of the world in gener . mani incid of the past support my view . whether it wa the 9/11 or the tsunami , the victim of both these incid were given tremend support by the young and the old alik . therefor , i guess it would be wrong to say that young peopl seem less concern about the situat of their communtiy onli becaus they seeem to be more involv in their own work . be involv in your job doe n't necesserili impli that you are more selfish . despit the high demand of their work environ young peopl are still as support to their commun . thi is also prove by the fact that today more and more peopl are part of ngo 's that work toward the welfar of the peopl . young peopl are still as spirit and as motiv to bring about an improv to their communti and the world in gener .