it is true that peopl lead busi live in nowaday ; therefor some peopl prefer a organ trip with a tour guid . it is also ture that travel in a group will reduc numer troubl . but for me , it is hardli true that travel in a group led by a tour guid is my first option . i would like to plan my own trip and explor the new world by myself . among the divers benefit a self-plan trip will bring are more free of time , cheaper , and deeper understand . travel alon will reduc the cost . it is deniabl that the travel agenc will make money through the travel . you are not awar of the exact or true cost of your flight , transport or lodg fee . though some of the agenc will provid costum a detail list of the expenditur ; howev , it is hard for costum to find out whether it is true . also in most case in china , the tour guid will lead you to some specif store to buy unus product , through which the guid will get some melon-cut . plan your own trip will make you more free of time . in a group , we alway find that peopl share differenct interest . while some of the travel intend to spend more time on thi site , other complain that it is bore and insist leav immedi . how to solv thi problem ? the onli choic is to obey the major with the sacrific of your own interest . on the contrari , if you plan a trip by your self , you can total free . you can decid where to go , how to alloc the time in everi site or . .. go for a travel of your own plan will make you understand more about the new place . for exampl , after have made the decis to visit britain in grade 12 , i did a lot of survey of myself . i had to look up relev inform on the internet to familiar with it relic and histor site . though i had heard a lot about the london tower and british museum , i wa still in it appear . through the investig , i leart the histori of the london tower and the stori behind . i also plane my rout by chechk everi place i want to go . in thi way , i tast the pleasur and excit of travel befor i realli start . you will probabl ask how is your trip ? counld not be better . becaus alreadi known the site befor you visit , when you came to the site , you would feel the echo from the histori and make you distinguish from other tourist , thoe who simpli went there and then took a photo . nonetheless , i am not agu that a travel in group lead by tour guid is veri bad . it is also have it own benefi , sinc everyth is a two-edg sword in the world . but when you ask me which one do i prefer , i will tell you without hesit that plan and travel on yourself is my better choic which make me save money , be free of time and understand more . at last i want to say travel is anyth other than unerstand more , by `` more '' i mean to explor by yourself .