technolog progress ha chang the world physic but also , and abov all , mental . wherea in the past help their commun wa a prioriti for young peopl , i think that thi trend is progress disappear and that young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun . becaus the progress ha made that peopl are not `` forc '' to live togeth anymor , becaus the world they now live in is more individu , and eventu becaus the new world they live in doe not fit with trhe concept of a commun . in a non so distant past , peopl use to spend most of their live where they were born . inde , good transport system were not yet develop and it wa a lot more difficult than today for young peopl to move from their home . then peopl realli live togeth a good part of their live and i think they were by consequ closer to the other than today . emot and physic link between peopl were stronger and thi led natur young peopl to give time to the commun . nowaday noth ` forc ' young peopl to realli belong to a commun , they can move easili thank to technolog progress and do not need the other to simpli live . i think that is whi they do not develop and feel thi notion of commun and then do not dedic enough time to it . moreov , thi develop of technolog contribut to creat a more individu world in which all that could bring a commun is avail : knowledg , entertain , etc . .. everyth is possibl alon and then young peopl do not need anymor the help of a commun . for instanc , they can play game on the comput alon , wherea befor the onli way to distract wa to play with the other children of the commun . thi make that they will less focu on the commun . and final , the world young peopl live in today , is a world tend to make confus the notion of commun . now young peopl have contact with ani part of the world they want , peopl are not separ anymor , are not `` stuck '' anymor into commun , they can discov other commun and thi open of the mind mayb lead to make looser the attach to a commun . the world in which young peopl live in today is more complex , individu , and open on the rest of the world . those three factor contribut to the `` loss of interest '' fro ; younf