i agre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . there are at least three reason that can help support thi point of view . first of all , young peopl receiv enjoy not onli from the experi they actual live but also from the hope and dream they can build . young peopl have a lot more to live yet so that they can indulg themselv in fanci everi kind of futur : thi help them be optimist and enjoy life in a more posit way . older peopl on the other hand have alreadi shape their life : they presum have a job and a daili famili routin from which it is usual difficult to escap . an adult can not chang hi life or begin from scratch , so that they can not enjoy dream of a differ life . secondli , young peopl perceiv everi experi they live as new and fresh : thi help them live life with more excit . sinc they have not seen a lot in life , young peopl live feel and emot ( and everi kind of experi ) with a sens of excit come from the discoveri of someth new : everi sentiment relationship seem to them as the first , everi music or movi or book seem someth never seen or heard or read befor by ani human bee . grow up and becom older , peopl seem to perceiv life more as a routin : in the eye of the older one , anyth seem to be someway alreadi known or seen or live . the last reason , is that young peopl have more time to enjoy leisur activ . sinc they are mostli student , they do n't have to fulfil a lot of the oblig that have a job impli : henc , they have a lot more spare time , that they can use in everi kind of recreat activ ( like spend time with friend , practic sport , play music ) . even if they have a job , they usual do n't have to take care of a famili : also for thi reason they have a better chanc to spend time in a more entertain way . older peopl , on the other hand , have to compli with task that both have a job and run a famili need : consid all the time spent on the job place or dedic to famili , there is not much time left to be use for individu entertain . in the end , my opinion is that younger peopl have a more reason than older peopl to enjoy their life : they can dream of their futur life , they live their actual life as someth new and fresh and , final , they have more time to dedic to more enjoy activ