stay young is one of develop countri inhabit 's greatest concern nowaday as the other still have to face surviv issu such as starvat , abil to cope with natur catastroph . .. inde , peopl nowaday often seem readi to do almost anyth to preserv their youth . whi that ? i disagre with that common thought in develop countri which is , age bring with it sad and boredom , and make enjoy life hardli possibl . i think is is a cultur question . inde , be african ; yself , i can affirm that in africa , it is the contrari . onli older peopl can realli enjoy life as they have had time to figur out the mean of life and they have been abl to fulfil their destini . they have acquir that wise total inaccess to young becaus of the latest one ' inexperi . i think the differ of opinin between what i will call the occident cultur and the african one stem from the fact that these cultur do n't have the same definit of enjoy life . i would say that the occident view of enjoy life is much more hedonist , epicurian wherea the african one is more ascet . actual , in the develop countri ' mind , someon who enjoy life is someon who ha the abil of undergo thrill experi , such a person goe out a lot , ha a lot of friend , is abl to stay on dancefloor until the sunris . that is not my concept of enjoy life . my view concur with the african way of think . it is not possibl to enjoy life if you do n't even know the mean of it . and in my opinion , young peopl do n't know it . they inter themselv a lot in superfici thing and are unabl befor a certain time to be abl to understand the true mean of life . how can i claim that i enjoy life while i do n't even know what make it so import ? and i suppos the answer to that question can onli be given after have experienc a lot of ordeal . i find it quit funni the fact that the concept of life between the two cultur are so unlik . in my mind , the occident one is rather superfici and shallow . it may be due to the fact that african ca n't allow themselv to be superfici . see all that miseri surround them , how could they ? it may also come from the fact , africa is a rel quit young contin , in which ancest ' cultur is still deepli root .