the more capit govern the live of peopl around the world , the more we are introduc with newcom product and idea everi day . most of the nation in our world ha becom comsumpt commun and more nation are on the way . what is a consumpt commun ? it is a commun which acquir pleasur from consum as a primari act of daili life . if there is consumpt , it is not surpris to see the inevit rise of advertis sector hide behind it , whose primari aim is to make product seem much better than they realli are . advertis are in everyon 's life . it is enough to listen to radio , watch tv , even walk on the street to meet advertis . when one think about all the huge money invest into advertis , you get more tend to trust in the product that is exploit in the advertis . at least , that wa what i thought , until i had taken the consum behavior cours in my univers . i can honestli tell you that thi cours ha chang my consumpt pattern to great extent . in the cours , we were provid with detail inform of sale strategi such as how to make a product attract to consum , where to put the product on the supermarket to increas it sell , how to jump into peopl unconsci and make them buy the product unintent or how to make peopl addict to a product . it may sound just normal to you , but to me it is great dishonesti . that is how i start to question everyth i buy and consum . for instanc , there are mani shampoo claim that they are the best hair condition in the market . but if everi brand claim that , which one the consum have to believ ? have you ever question whi there are alway beauti girl and handsom boy in the add ? sinc they give you the messag ; `` if you buy me , you would be as beauti as the girl in my add '' . here is anoth exampl , in car add , usual for big car , we alway watch cool and success businessmen who work in high skycrap and lot of money , give the messag `` if you drive me , you would make lot of money '' . although these exampl may sound stupid to you , thi is what actual happen in our brain . our cognit is so vulner that it can not defend itself to all these symbol bombard . to conclud , advertis industri is meant to make their custom brand ' product seem much better than they realli are . thi is how million of brand compet with anoth . they have to catch the attent of peopl on the market , on the street and at home . onli then he could achiev hi target profit . we can not deni the fact that human natur ha a tendenc to have pleasur from buy the symbol , not the product itself . as a consequ , you find yourself as a part of consum commun .