i support the first openion that have board knowledg of mani academ subject is more import than just have specialis in one particular subjest . here is the explain . first of all if u have board knowledg of mani subject you can easili understand what your univers friend are discuss and you can have a feel for that and can add someth in their discuss . you will get the advantag of have interact with mani peopl and you will get mani friend which is veri necessari to keep a person happi . now let us move to the second point . now-a-day thing are happen veri differ . thing are be connect and the current subject which are evolv as challeng subject are the combin subject like biophys . so if you want to do research in modern world you must have the knowledg of differ subject . if a person ha knowledg of differ subjest he will be abl to copmpet in the field of research which is quit interest in modern world . he will be abl to understand what is be discuss in seminar which are not of hi field and will abl to add hi knowledg veri much . again the advantag of have knowledg of variou subject is that is will increas gener awar of the person and will help in difficult situat . it will give him confid to face difficult situat . it will creat an extra effect of the person 's person in hi colleagu and societi . he will get more respect in societi . who do n't rememb leonardo the vinci ? who is call univers man becus he wa have 16 qualiti . he wa a good engin , a good doctor , a good painter , a good mathematician and a good architecter etc . no bodi ha ever born who ha so mani qualiti . final if you have board knowledg of differ subject you can guid your children in their career . you may notic from their childhood in which subject they will prove to be good if you have knowledg of the subject . you may help your children in the problem they face while understand the concept . you may provid them wider knowledg by give link of the subject with other subject . final i would say '' do n't be a frong in a small well come out of the well and see the world . it is veri beauti '' .