the statement that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to specialis in one subject is an controversi one and i would describ the reason whi . the statement actual beg the question and is an overstat at best . one must have a stronghold over one subject , and not just ` broad knowledg ' and addit , one should be awar of the happen in other stream . the speaker 's claim that one must have inform of mani subject is problemet at best . the speaker fail to give a number for ` mani ' here . howev , i believ that ani sincer student must have inform over relat subject . for exampl , a student of food technolog must be an informd student of biolog , chemistri , biochemistri and engin too . but hi core stream will be food technolog and it relat subject . thu , the speaker 's claim of speacialis in one subject is unjustifi sinc the student may know about relat subject in more detail than just have broad inform . the student specialis in a subject is expect to know in detail about the subject . for exampl , a student studi medicin is expect to be profici in not just readi with the inform but also to be abl to practic it as and when need . thi come through continu hard work and devot to one 's chosen field of studi . if the student tri to indulg in other academ disciplin too much , he will harm the pateint and hi own career . thu one ha to be cautiou about studi other subject . studi mani subject , will make the student a mere dabbler who risk hamper furtur growth . addit the student is expect to have some inclin for art and it variou form , polit scienc , financ for these subject help the student to go ahead with life with eas and to understand the signific of event efect him . thu , the speaker 's claim about know onli one subject is also not suffici . thu , both the scenario - of have some knowledg about all the subject and know everyth about just one subject - should be discourag . with the world becom a smaller place and univers offer a host of admix stream and choic to student , these are actual not even possibl in today 's scenario . a student should studi hard at hi chosen field of studi and also , as he can devot time , tri to learn other relat and unrel subject but not at the cost of hi subject .