i do n't think , that there will be fewer car in twenti year . of caus it is unknown what will be in twenti year but everyon of us think about hi futur and not onli when you think about buy a new car . i believ that there wo n't be fewer car in futur , becaus car are an effici way of transport not onli of peopl also to transport good . that is the reason way so mani car were use today , becaus it is often the cheapest way of travel or transport . for exampl it is cheaper for famili or even for singl peopl to get from erfurt to munich than it would be by travel by train . also travel by car is often much faster than go by train . addit to the cost , go by car or drive car is sometim the onliest posibl for trevel . for exampl in area in landscap there ` t drive mani buss or train espaci in the night or on weekend , so so get away of these vilag you need a car or someon , who is drive you . that lead me to the next advantag of car , it is that peopl with car are mor independ than without . an other reason way there wo n't be fewer car in the futher futur is that there are n't ani good substitut for them , like mention abov train but also plan or ship are n't good altern becaus thez do n't can be everywher or could stop everywher , becaus all of these transport-vihecl need an habour . that way car are good for transport becous of the well establish infrasystem . almost everywher are road so that everyon could achiv hi target by car . furthermor also motorbicycl are n't good substitut for car of caus they do n't need as much fuel as car , but you ca n't tronsport as much thing as with car and espaci by motorbicycl you are depend of the wether condit . so all togeth in my opinion car are mostli the best option to transport good or person . of cuas fuel get more expens but new motor-construct wo n't eras car . that way car wo n't be fewer in futr but they could have chang in twenti year . adit i think that , i will of caus drive ani car in twenti year and when other peopl think so too , that there will be even more car in futur . so let us see what will happen to car in futur .