transport is a veri crucial dimens of global of which we are experienc in it highest speed . the first car start to be use in the begin of the 20th centuri and have been use for decad as the most avail machin for those who are eager to use it . accord to my futurist view about car in the follow twenti year , there will not be fewer car in use than there are today , but more . i can certainli argu that the global process in the `` third world countri '' will be a veri import factor which will lead to the incres in the number of car . secondli , becaus of the lack of the cultur of the usag of altern mechan in transport , the increas will continu . thirdli , the non-exist of altern machin produc which are cheap and effect as car will be anoth reason for the increas . final , even though all of these three handicap disappear , the govern polici and the interest of car-produc corpor will hinder the achiev in reduc the number of car in use . firstli , global is a process which can not be stop in the near futur . there are signific number of countri which enter the global age in the near past , there fore they do not have the number of car as mani as the number of the car in the west . therefor , the countri like china , india , the countri of africa or other countri which are not ndustrial or are not in the free market system newli posses that cultur of usag if car , which simpli measn that there will be more car in use in the near futur . secondli , in mani of the countri , govern suffer from the lack of the cultur of use altern sourc of transport . modern countri promot the usag of mass transport and therefor , peopl live there are use to be direct to these altern . but in the countri like turkey , peopl do not have the conscious of mass transport , instead everi individu tend to buy a car for themselv , which is obvious a factor increas the number of car . thirdli , mani of car user do not want to give up use their car sinc it is veri use and it provid opprtun to them of which other do not have . peopl live in istanbul would not give up their car sinc there is a huge mass of car on the road which creat a problem for mass transport user . when there is a jam on the road , the best possibl way to rescu yourself from that will not be use mass transport and get stuck on the road with those heavi and slow machin , but instead you will want to use your car . final , govern in less industri countri do not have polici to cope with traffic problem and they do not promot polici to reduc the number of car in use . on the other hand , the compani or corpor who produc these car will not be will to stop their product sinc that will destroy their interest . these corpor are alway in contact with the govern in which they are establish and will tri to do everyth benefici to their interest . in conclus , i believ that there will be more car in use than today . the condit of global and the certaio