academician are often face with the dilemma of either special in their core area of research or to studi , learn , and eventu be product in a varieti of subject . needless to say there are advantag and disadvantag of both approach . usual , a doctor student complet his/her dissert focus on one topic and investig the issu in detail . the chapter of the dissert may look at the problem from differ perspect , but the main theme is the same . after graduat , the student hope find an academ posit and turn the chapter into independ articl and ha them publish at academ journal . after that , whether to continu in the same area or branch into differ area doe becom the choic of the academician . focus on the same specif area of research will make the academician an expert in that field . if the reseach area is fertil , the public record will be impress . s/he will get tenur quit easili and will be a respect member of academ circl . howev , at some point , the academician will be isol . s/he will no longer have the possibl of ventur into joint project with other . moreov , if interest in that particular area of research eventu fade away , s/he will lose popular , the career will be face with the possibl of obscur , and it will be extrem difficult for her/him to move into other research area at that point . on the other hand , keep a balanc of conduct research in the main area of interest and branch into other subject area will make the career of a research more durabl . the natur way to do research in other area is to have co-author , whose talent can be combin with those of the research . as knowledg increas in a geometr fashion in today 's world , it becom more and more difficult to master a topic by oneself . research are forc to develop joint project with other . moreov , the qualiti and the effici of research product will increas with joint project . establish connect with other research will open the door for new project with other research . as a matter of fact , thi is the trend in mani area of academia . in financ , for exampl , the major of the articl that are publish in good qualiti journal have multipl author . learn is the lifelong ambit of an academician . thi is best achiev by branch into and learn about other subject , establish connect with research in those area and develop project by share knowledg in a reciproc manner .