i agre with thi statement . for exampl my mom is success busi woman . she start work for air china when she gruduat in 1985 , and she is the presid right now after she had work 22 year , she had a long journey befor she did that . first of all is her english , my mom wa realli good at math and scienc when wa in colleg , but wa weak in english , and she did n't know ani foriegn languag either . but my famili wa realli poor awhen i wa born so we need money . air china wa a compani that need languag and experi more than teceniqu and it 's richest inchina dure that period of time too . my mom made her mind that she want to work there and get nice salari in order to feed our famili better and easier . she went to the languag school and had extra english class everi night , i still rememb clearli that when she came back her eye were like the panda 's . i almost beg my mom to stop do that becaus she ca n't take it , she wa alsomt sick . but she said that 's her confif and her goal and she will never lose . she wa the greatest i have even seen , she got a job in air china after 3 month becaus she pass the super hard english test . i wa shock by her achiv and felt so happi for her . my mom did n't stop either although she had a nice job and got paid $ 5000 a month . she went to germani and japan for two year for more experi and languag . who my mom came back and said she want to vote for the presid of the entir compani , i did n't trust her and said she wa crazi , it 's imposs . my mom did n't yell me instead she said that 's call faith to herself , faith to the societi and faith to me . i promis her that i trust her . when it wa the chines new year in 2003 , mom came home with the uniform of the presid and cri , she did it !! we huge togeth and had the best night ever . now she is work extrem hard everi day , get paid $ 20000 per month and i support her everi day , the compani is better and better , so doe her life and our life , becaus we are one . i have the money to pay for the fee of an exchang student , to take the test and come back for colleg if i pass thi test becaus of my mom 's effort . the definit of faith refresh my brain and i becam more matur . i like thi statement , i appreci and i 'll rememb it forev .