thi issu rais lot of answer : we have to accur weigh up the pro and con . in a way , it depend mainli on the type of field concern and of the stake given by the societi . inde , our highli competit and technolog world tend to becom more and more special , so that special in some area such as inform technolog or scienc in gener are veri use . howev , a minimum of compet are necessari in our wolrd nowaday becaus the gener level of knowledg in our societi ha soar at an exponenti pace in the last decad . so you should have also a broad knowledg . thererfor , in my opinion , both strategi are valuabl to have a good educationn histori . fist of all , as regard the increas scientif and technic shift witenss in our everyday life , i can not help think that specialist are necessari . for instanc in medicin , all kind of progress are made everyday such as in genet stem cell research or cancer cure . these must be accompani with special of medic school student . these progress are often made in veri competit area and special offer the student a differ with anoth one that will allow them gain prestig and reward . anoth exampl would be enginn , while generalist were veri common in the past , a better strategi would be a special in one or two singl subject . name , in that highli competit field , you must focu on one thing at the same time to be competit and aim at one singl kind of job . as a consequ , special in one subject area bring you a competit advantag help you to achiev easier than the other ; especi in scientif field . howev , on second thought , becaus of that competit , we have to build also a broad educ . put asid a minimum of compet in other academ field would disabl in a way the student . in fact , if you are an engin , you have to learn anoth compet to be competit . for instanc the languag such as english or chines provid you a seriou advantag compar to other who can not speak these languag . moreov , if you are proffici at differ academ field , you have more chanc to find a job : it doe not restrain you . all thing consid , i guess thet nor the first solut neither the second can realli be prefer . nonetheless , i guess that a broad knowledg and a litth special allowa you get out of ani situat in your professinn life after .