the statement `` success peopl tri new thing and take rik rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well '' in my opinion clearli illustr the main reason whi peopl becom success after all . i think that it is obviou that success peopl are peopl that stick out of societi and out of the establish , not onli becaus of their success but also becaus of new invent or techniqu use by them . certainli , success peopl are peopl who do not do thing the way everyon doe them , just in order to be differ from everyon els . a success manag for exampl ha to find new way to improv hi busi , hi financ and to motiv hi cowork to realli chang someth . the concept of chang is crucial in thi discuss , becaus as i am convinc success alway ha to do with chang . mani time thi chang is not posit at the begin becaus it hurt to chang someth that ha prove it 's use and valu for a person , a busi or a compani . chang can be slow at the begin and sometim may be prove wrong , but in the major of the case , chang is the key to success . therefor , i think it goe without say whi success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do thing they are good at . anoth point that support the statement deriv from the psycolog area . peopl who are success are happi and selfcont , at least in most case . if someon feel good about the thing he or she doe , and in addit to that feel good about him - or herself , it is easier to tri out someth new and challeng . self-esteam help you to realis the thing you want to do and the thing you are dream of , even though they may seem new and riski . a person who is alway awar of hi failur and neg trait is not even will to tri someth new thank to the fear of fail again . success peopl on the other hand are not that like to be put down if someth doe not work out as they plan it to be . one last point i 'd like to mention in order to conclud thi essay is the human hunger for power . onc you have achiev someth , even such a non-materi thing as success , you do n't want it to be lost . you probabl would do nearli everyth , includ take small risk and tri out new thing , to maintain the standard .