in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . ye , i do agre with thi statement . thi is the twenti first centuri , we boast about better live , advanc technolog etc . the use of palm top , cell phone , better vehicl ha all becom a matter of mere show off rather than it actual use . let talk about car ; well we all want thi luxuri in life . noth can be as excit as a brand new car , and the number of car show how rich you are ! in all thi show off and luxuri we tend to forget the enviro . it a topic which ha brought concern . it veri obviuo , more the peopl more the number of car . peopl are concern about the pollut in the environ but equal attent is need for the non renew resourc like petrol and diesel . as the name suggest non renew resourc are those which will get over in next few year . there are not infinit deposit of petrol , natur gase , oil etc in the environ . there is a danger that these will get use and there will be noth to substitut it . these are non renew becaus it take million of year for these resourc to be form ; and these are the resourc use for drive vehicl . as said earlier we are more concern about our luxuri . we have start use vehicl not onli for long distanc but also for short distanc just becaus we feel lazi . the number of car and other vehicl ha increas exponenti , and it soon that it will come down in the next twenti year . as the petrol and oil deposit get scarc the number of car will drop down too . as they say , one thing lead to anoth . thu , deplet fuel will caus deplet number of car . if we all realis thi problem as soon as possibl we will get good result . becaus the more earli you know the problem you will be abl to solv it befor it get too late . we can satrt walk the nearbi distanc ; it will not onli help save fuel but also be healthi for the individu . apart from thi we can start use renew sourc for our fuel purpos . for exampl use solar batteri oper car . we can also use public transprt system to cut down on the fuel shortag . thu all thi would help us see a better futur with better environ and good amount of car run on renew sourc