i am agre with the satement that specialis knowledg in one subject is better than goinf for mani . .. firstli it is not fiseabl to have a command on mani subject ,, if you want to realli engend thi prodigi then you may land on no man land . and if you select ani specif field like biotechnolgi , then you can have mani thing to back it knowledg through involv yourself into mani pertin field like molecular biolog , immunolog etc with constitiut a part of biotechnolog but if you want to studi biotech with physic then how can you formul your concept in those to differ field ? also if you have a command one veri specif subject then he can take that for hi research work and come up of naiv step to realli amelior the current state of that particular suject and thi is onli and onli possibl when you hone your talent on one subject and studi it everi aspect in detail ,, and mind you it will requir atleast 10 to 15 year to a good command on one subject ,, so , one need to go for hi subject of hi choic like chemisrtri , physic , dynam , fluid machnic etc .. and take that along in hi or her carrer so as make that hi onli subject and have a ken of that subject in detail . one professor in cancer biolog field spend hi 30 year of research and then too he say at hi 60 year of age and 30 year of hard core research experi that still i can not confid say that what is the `` what is a real caus of unctrol check point in cell cycl '' .. so abov is cancer biolog jargon say that i am not abl to understand that how can thi be modul a singl step . .. now check exampl and evalu ani person or rather an untellectu on is basi thathow can he or she have command on mani subject ? when a person is not abl to get a command on singl topic of hi choic . .. also refin your knowledg could leav you veri nice carrer option as well becaus you can never be lectur of physic and bilolog simultan . .. you have go to one subject and can then onli be abl achiev ani to pinnacl in that subject to make you pround one day .. as we know in a scientist profess you can get into one lab and work throughout your life and never chang your field after get or understand the that subject . . so , it is alway recoommend that one should have a ken of knowledg rather tri your hand in mani subject and ultim land on just a smatter of that mani subject .