sinc i am a busi student with focu on market , the topic is veri relev for me in my everyday life . first of all , i have to say that there is no doubt about the effect advertis ha . use sever tecniqu to present a product in the best possibl light , some of the consum may get the impress that they do not receiv the complet piec of inform about it and a realist pictur . howev , although there may be some trick to sell product more effect , no singl market man in the world ha magic abil . to start out with some argument that support the abov statement it should be mention that print media especi offer opportun to give the product a better imag . most import are possibl pictur that can be turn into perfect easili with comput programm . addit , the inform given in newspap or magazin are in fact put special emphas on the product 's qualiti instead of it eventu disadvantag . to give an exampl , a special featur of a mobilephon such as the great design or the modern function would be probabl print in big , colour letter while the expens condit of the speak tarif would be print in small letter in a corner of the page so that most reader would pay no attentin to it . anoth trick of advertis profession is to work with peopl 's emot . awaken posit feel by show impress and colour spot with a certain connect to special situat in life , the associ with the product the watcher have and therfor hi opinion about it would be more posit than without have seen the commerci . as one can see , there is a divers of way for sell a product in a maximum of posit light and although there are a lot of norm that refer to ethic and moral doubt in the societi about modern advertis method and that have to be obeid , compani know how to make use of littl trick . i do not complet agre with the statement becaus , as i mention at the begin of my essay , the product is onli a product that can be `` tune '' in some way but not realli improv in the impress it make . additon some ethic and social norm prevent peopl from be trick serious by ad