advertis is a veri uniqu skill , it 's is the art of chang the natur of a product and achiev the sale target for a salesman . it 's a veri special skill that help the maket to obtain hi gaol . it can work in both way , it can be an honest advertis and can be a fake or a dishonest one depend on the company/salesman goal and integr . ani product can be the best or the worst product depend on how it is market or advertis for . an advertis can be the most real , straight forward one or can hide half of the truth about a certain product . it 's no doubt depend on the vision and integr of the marketeer/salesman . for exampl sale repres for drug compani are requir to fit into a certain format look wise , dress wise , way of talk , the car they are drive and so on , becaus market is a scienc and profession market know for sure that all these small thing matter in the big pictur and it ha a great effect on have doctor agre to meet and talk with sale rep and in the end prescrib the product/medicin they are here to sell . second thing is color and shape of the gamex ( prodcut relat gift ) , brochur , and product sampl that are distribut by the salesmen ha to be greatli taken into account , it ha been studied/shown that certain color affect the mood and influenc doctor to write certain prescript medic , also the postion of the gamex on the doctor 's desk can influenc hi memori to remeb or forget a certain product . so it 's all about a kind of audio visual brain wash that advertis is do to influenc ani increas or decreas in sale . thi is also shown in the exampl of the prescript drug and how advertis make a prodcut seem much better that it realli is when the sale rep start explain to the doctor the benefit of thi drug for hi patient and not highlight on the major side effect that the patient might suffer by take thi medic . therefor , i do agre that advertisem make product seem much better that they realli are and everyon should make his/her own research befor purchas ani product so that they do n't fall as a prey for advertis .