it may be a rel problem , if young peopl do not feel respons for their social environ . but it remain the question , if thi is realli the fact . one might think , that teenag onli want to spend a good time , and therefor they tend to neglegt their social task , which everybodi who live in a societi ha to fulfil . they are to much occupi in have fun with some friend or lern for school or unives . therefor it would be import to give more incent or commit to the young peopl to help their commun . but in my opinion thi is not the fact at all . i think that there are sever way somebodi can contribut to a commun and i think a lot of youg peopl do so . thi is becaus there are some activ which are like to be made , that mean there are case , where help is n't onli work , but instead of thi also a lot of fun . thu , help in the commun can sometim be seen as a hobbi , where one can gather experi for hi life . it is also possibl to meet some friend while work , or also to get to know new friend . as an exampl , i would think about the work in the teenag section of a polit parti . on the one hand the positv work of such group indic a benefit for the commun , on the other hand it is also a great opportun to lern about the life . so for interest teenag , thi is a good option , which is n't onli theoret , but can also be found in the realiti . furthermor , there are sever young peopl who start as trainer in the local sport team . it is often the case , that they do thi , becaus there is a younger famili member in a team , which they want to support , but obvious they therebi help other as well . in case like thi , one teenag can follow hi own hobbi and by the way he is abl to do a good job either in the famili and the societi . of cours one ha to be awar of the fact , that although there is plenti of kid who help in their commun , there are alway some other who do noth like that . but i think it is unfair to say that everbodi spend too less time for help other , becaus it 's alway worth mention the help one as well . and of cours there are lot of teenag like that .