i total agre with the statement that the young peopl today realli do n't spend enough time help their commun . and that is also what i do n't want to see and expect . in the follow disscus , i will present the reason which caus the result and how to solv the problem . the first reason whi the young peopl today do n't give time to help their commun is that there are more and more thing attract them . when the young student are after class , they may do some activ with their friend such as shope or someth like that . the beauti cloth in the depart store or the popular video game in the club may attract them . that mean that they will pay more attent on what they like and spend more time on what they are interet in . so that is whi the young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun . there are lot of thing they want . it make senc that they may forget some other import thing such as the commun stuff . the second reason is that the most young peopl tend to take the materi they have for grant . they do not appreci it becaus they think that they deserv it . so mayb they will think that the commun stuff is not their busi and they do n't have to take the respons for it . toward thi problem , i think the best solut is educ . we have to teach the young peopl about their duti of help their commun . a good commun is base on mani peopl 's effort . we have to let them know that they are also the part of the commun . so they should spend enough time toward it no matter what reason they have . to be more specif , let me give an exampl to explain more clearli . each of us all belong to a famili . so who should spend time on the household thing . i think that you will say each member in the famili should spend time on them . and that is what i want to say . just like thi exampl , each member in the commun should give enough time to help their commun becaus they are the member in the commun . t sum up , i agre that in today 's societi , young peopl realli spend less time to help the commun . and the reason whi is just like what i mention abov . what we can do is tri our best to teach them about the import of the particip in the commun .