i agre with the statement that success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . if thi statement wa fals then there would be no new fast car . peopl would have not reach the moon . some peopl like scientist do not keep on do the same thing , they tri new thing which are danger . if the scientist would not have research on differ diseas then we would have not got the cure of differ diseas which are present now . the death rate would have increas . even in sport peopl donot use the same tactic in all the game . they use differ tactic in differ game which help them to win their game . if they use the same tactic then the oppon would take advantag & they will win . suppos piston use the same tactic against all the team they might win for some game but after some game all the team will come to know that they are use the same tactic and take benefit of that and win from piston . for thi reason they use differ strategi in differ game . they might loos sometim but as it is said peopl must learn from their mistak . tri new thing . in the begin of the race of satellit if u. would have stope tri after they lost of mani space ship then they would had not reach the moon . u. is the first countri to send their peop on moon . in the begin mani space ship got blast befor go in space . mani peopl die to help their countri in achiev great height but they later on use new technolog new idea & they did it . after work hard use differ method in make car , today we have variou type of fast car . if peopl would have stop tri or would had keep on make same car there would have been no new fast car , like there would have been no cadillac , no ferrari fast car . if after build railroad peopl would have never tri make plane then today peopl would not have reach one place to anoth in less time . it wa hard but after the invent of plane today we can go where ever we want on the earth in less time . what if peopl would have kept on make telephon and would had not tri to make wireless phone which we call cell phone , then today we could not have call ani emerg number like ambul if we werer outsid our home . if there were no cell phone at that time then we would have waist our time to search a phone booth & then call ambul but till that time there would have been more loss , mani peopl would have die . for the abov reason i think peopl must not stop tri new thing , they must not get scare from the consequ but they must tri . there are mani other thing which would have not been invent if peopl would have not tri new thing . tri & tri until u suce . ..