i partial agre with the statement . i consid it true for a certain kind of product and fals for other kind of product . i will explain my opinion by go through the purpos of advertis , how it work and some practic exampl of how it could actual improv a product or just how it could onli make it seem better . the purpos of advertis is to express one or more idea relat to the product that is advertis in order to increas the appreci of the product and therefor to convinc to buy it or eventu just to agre with the messag the advertism want to commun . the final imag that the advertis give about the subject could be true or fals , bad or good , but anyway if the product is ment to be just a carrier of that imag or cluster of idea associ , the advertis is function to the improv of the product . exampl of a product meant to carri an idea are gener statu symbol or fashion product . typic a purs or a veri expens watch have basic function regard their origin purpos , but these object are mostli consid for what they look like and the sensat they give due to esthet valu that determin the qualiti of an imag : in fact , they could even not be function but still use ! the advertis increas or eventu refin the idea associ with the object so that the messag advertis are total function with the product . anoth exampl for these kind of product are all type of sportswar to which the advertis give the impress that by use it the perform would increas . self suggest in thi case actual would increas the perform due to the imag carri by the product . exampl of advertis that make product seem much better than they realli are , are those product that do not carri imag import , but that just need to be function . a simpl exampl could be a set of knive that the advertis show to be veri handi and that cut veri well but onli beacus in the demonstr onli cook veget were cut . anoth exampl could be a tool box set that look great and shini but is made of cheap materi that deform easili upon medium mechan stress .