`` sucess pepol tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well '' it might not be wrong if the abov sentenc is rephras as pepol who tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well are pepol who are the most successful . innov is alway the need of the hour ha alway been the need of the hour . a particular person will get stagnat if he continu do the same thing which he is good at he ha allreadi acheiv whatev he can from do well in one thingh . he will have to move on the next thingh and tri to improvis on that rather then do onli one thingh and tri do the best he can onli then he might be succes . the best in ani field have goneup onli by explor , we can take exampl from ani field be it sport buis polit journal . for exampl let us take the great sport legend sachin tendulkar who play great cricket and is the best batsman of all time but just be that did'nt satisfi him he kept on improv himself by creat new shot of hi own be unorthodox in hi play techniqu other in the same field stuck onli to the basic do onli what there are good at and not innov themselv or explor themselv . these pepol are not as success as sachin is . thi theorey is not onli restrict to sport . it extend to all field the rag to rich stori of buis syon dhirubhai ambani onc a textil czar reinvent himself and took risk and dare to do difer and went into the petroleum buis . today hi compani is the largest privat petroleum compani in a major countri like india all thi would not have been possibl if dhirubhai wouldnt have taken the risk of go into petroleum which wa new for him despit the fact that he would have comfert be onli in hi textil buis . hi compani certainli would'nt have been so success if it were n't for dhirubhai abil to take risk and do new thing . he and a major of successful pepol owe their sucess to a moder risk take attitud and the dare to do new thing , which is veri true . thu we can obvious say that the mantra to success is to tri new thing and take new risk rather then do onli what one is good at