in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today ? i am not abl to support thi point of view , ` though i wish i were ( for i do not onli have no use for a car myself , but i also car as be one of the major factor that caus the greenhous effect and global warm ) . i will ( tri to ) mention sever possibl argument support the assumpt that the number of car will decreas , oppos each and evri one of them right away . after that , i will tri to establish further argument emphas my point of view . a tradit argument for the vanish of car ha alway been the worri about suffici fuel suppli . consid the need for oil on the planet and the fact thi natur resourc is a limit one , either the number of car will have to decreas ( for there will soon be no more fuel to run them ) or there will be new invent in the field of motor vehicl ( such as hybrid or solar car ) . the latter ha been a great wish of ecologically-consci peopl . nevertheless , car lobbi ( tri to maintain their tradit market ) as well as oil lobbi ( tri to sell their last barrel of oil befor they have to look for other occup ) counteract such develop - with great success . there ha not been a consider evolut regard motor vehicl which could end the depend on oil : hybrid car , for exampl , still use fossil fuel ( for otherewis they were ` pure ' ) ; solar car on the contrari do n't have the ` perform ' which is demand an want from a car . still , the former altern may be relev : the end of oil . oppos thi argument , one ha to mention that oil compani ( as state abov ) will attempt to sell all the oil avail on the planet , which will take anoth 50 year approxim . therefor , until oil 's gone , the car remain and they 'll remain at least anoth 50 year . anoth argument is that of the develop of public transport , which is veri easi to answer by refer to the countless remot place and region on the planet , which will hardli ever be suppli with public transport vehicl such as train or buss . one rather sophist argument , the one i consid the most ration one , is the refer to the social ( infra ) structur of larg citi , which make car often aviod , e.g. by use subway or monorail . yet , there are more than 6 billion peopl on the planet . not all of them can inhabit such highly-develop citi and are therefor depend on car . to my veri own mind , a veri decis argument is that car do not onli fulfil a purpos of trnsportat , but tey are also consid as statu symbol . peopl want to ` show off ' with their car . thi need hav made ecocologally-poor compani like gm so success , and in my mind must be a major argument for car maintain a plagu on our planet .