i disagre with the statement `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid '' . i disagre mainli by three reason . first , even though the tour guid is an specialist in the zone or citi that you are go to visit and you can get a more complet knowledg of that zone or citi , i think that a good book of the citi can suppli in a correct way the knowledg of the tour guid . a good book have histori of the citi , rout of interest , architectur and archeolog point to visit and legend of the citi among other thing . use a book of the citi in your travel can help you both to acquir the knowledg that you would acquir with the tour guid and to plan the rout to follow . second , when you travel with a tour guid , you have the schedul restrict . for exampl the plan say 8 am breakfast , 9 am visit to the museum , 1 pm eat ... and you have to respect the schedul . you do not have enough freedom . on the other hand , when you travel without a tour guid , you can assign the time that you want to the differ activ . if you want , you can get up more late in the hotel , or if the visit to the museum is bore , you can end the visit and go to drink a coke or visit other thing . in other word , you can assign the time to everi activ , and not be restrict by an schedul . you can enjoy the place by the time that you want , no by the time that a tour guid want . third , travel with a tour guid , restrict you the rout or itinerari . for exampl your travel can be limit to 7 or 8 place and you can not add or quit a place . travel with a tour guid will allow you to decid wich place to visit . your travel will not be limit by a determin number of place . if you want you can add or quit place to visit , the rout is not fix . you can visit the place that most attract your attent . in conclus , for me is more excit to travel without a tour guid becaus i can get more freedom in my travel and i can decid which place to visit and for how mani hour . i am not limit by the schedul or rout of a tour guid .