over the past centuri , pedagogu all over the world have been discuss whether it is more effect for student to understand idea and concept or to learn the fact about thing . thi debat ha not been won by one side or the other and one can onli state a person prefer on it . person , i think that a child or student will gain more from understand idea and concept and from be abl to appli thi knowledg than by a mere memoris of fact . to learn fact often mean to memoris someth written in a textbook or someth heard dure a lectur . but how effect can thi process be ? will it enabl the student to appli what s/he ha learn ? i do not think that thi is the case . i went to univers in itali where the school ( and univers ) system is still base on memoris and in my experi , student there will learn fact , memor them until their exam is due and then forget about them . in most of the case , they were not abl to appli what they have learn . an exampl : they were veri good in the subject of english grammar , knew the differ between all four german case , but when it came to speak english or german , they would not be abl to pronounc a correct phrase . the learn of fact can often be veri bore . the student ha to concentr to memor someth s/he might not even understand ; often it is a theori that s/he can not relat to . to learn the fact is import becaus it give the student necessari background inform , but it is much more fun for a student to discov some fact for him/herself . in a kindergarden class , the kid would definit be more interest to have a frog in their classroom , to observ the anim and learn about it thi way than by read about it in a textbook . they would understand much better what the teacher is talk about if they can experi it in person . of cours it is import to learn fact . but in my opinion it is a tradit , rigid way of learn that often doe not respect the inborn curios of ( young ) student . like in mani other case , a mixtur between both theori would be a good solut . first , the fact should be told . then idea and concept should be understood by the student , so that s/he can appli what s/he ha learnt earlier . after all , life is not just about fact , but about the idea and concept that lay beneath these fact as well .