world of advertis in the competit environ of busi everi compani tri to prove that it is better than anoth . one way to give such an impress is `` advertis '' . one aspect of thi advertis issu is the conserv of honesti . do the compani prefer their product to be present in a way better than they realli are ? unfortun , ye they do . thi concept will be analys base on the follow argument : true aim of give advertis , when to give advertis , comparison of the product we see and we buy . to begin with , it should be clear that , compani ' intent in give advertis is to make their product sold . that is whi they give money to advertis maker , hope that after thi campaign there will be a dramat increas in the profit of the compani . moreov , some compani prefer to give advertis befor a new product is out for sale . due to the fact that no one ha ever seen it , they can manupl the appear of the product such that it will look perfectli and be more prone to be bought . secondli , a compani might plan give advertis on product which have a lower sell rate recent . for instanc , if a shampoo is not sell enough , the compani agre with a veri well known artist or popstar for show up in an ad and say `` i am also use thi shampoo , if you want to have as beauti hair as mine you should also use thi . '' actual , most peopl are awar that she is not use that shampoo . nevertheless , they have a tendenc and temptat to buy it . thirdli , apart from the fake suggest and manupl done on the pictur with the comput , what is shown in the advertis is the first appear of the product , not what we buy from the market . there are sever step dure transport and storag where the product might be ruin . on the other hand , if they show us the pictur of the product prr to be sold in the market , most probabl peopl will not buy it . as a conclus , be trustwothi in give advertis is not a requir behaviour in the area of busi . peopl show their product in such a way that they look better than they realli are due to aforement reason such as : whi actual they are give advertis , at certain time point advertis are necessari and the product we buy is appar distinct from the one we see . eventu , these idea support the hypothesi that advetis make these product seem better than they realli are .