young peopl nowaday are divers in their opinion and one will find a number of peopl that have complet opposit opinion depend upon their background or belief . most of the young peopl today , i feel , do not give enough time to help their commun prosper . to begin with , a reason for young peopl , today , not to help their commun is basic due to the increas in popul that ha led to the increas in competit . for exampl let take a person who ha spent hi childhood in poverti . such a person would hardli think about help hi commun becaus the onli thing on hi mind would be uplift himself and hi famili to a higher statu . due to the amount of competit that exist today one ha to be realli uniqu or good in order to be at the top . thu , sinc young peopl today are more interest in see themselv at a higher posit they do not think about help their commun . also , young peopl today have becom too narrow mind in their approach to life and do not want to think beyond the futur . for exampl a person who at the moment is wealthi but doesnt know what is in store for him in the futur . peopl like these eventhough have the money and resourc to help their commun do not do so becaus they do not believ in it and feel that whi should he help other when nobodi ha help him . the fact that he is neglect here is that in case he doe manag to loos hi wealth due to some unfortun circumst and if he ha help peopl from hi commun in the past , it would be those peopl that would come to hi rescu and support him in ani way . howev , there still do exist peopl who do give a lot of time to help their commun becaus they have been taught to help other from childhood or have it in them to help other . exampl can be taken from the young social worker that one find today . these worker are dedic most of their time to help other and give them all the support , financi or moral , to come out of a precari situat . thu , one still find young peopl that are will and happi to help other in mani aspect of their life . nevertheless , in the present scenario young peopl are more concern with their famili and are onli look toward their better . they are least bother about what other do and what they need . also , as we look to the futur the situat is go to get wors and there will be a time when no one will be prepar to stand for other .