nowaday , student can use all way to success in their field but they have to make attent in order to use the effici way . that 's whi i am complet aggre with thi statement '' it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn . actual , i think understand idea and concept is more helpful for student becaus thi way is reliabl , it help you to save your time and your memori will work success . the first thing is understand idea and concept is realli reliabl . actual , in order to do a good job at your exam , you have to understand the differ idea . moroev , thi process is the first step in the method to learn fact . for exampl , a student who learn onli fact ca n't have good grade becaus dure hi exam , he can not understand the main idea , so he will easili fail . furthermor , thi method to understand idea can also help you to save your time in your daili life . the second thing which make my opinion on thi statement is the fact that thi process can save your time . actual , it can save your time becaus it will take less time to understand the main idea of a lectur than to learn someth you definetli do n't understand . for exampl , you can use more than three hour to learn fact but if you just tri to understand what thi lectur is talk about , you will know easili how thi process is effici . thu , you will gain time to do other thing becaus you did n't spent a lot of time to catch the main idea of the lectur . furthermor , thi process can help your memori to work with more success . actual , your memori will work success , becaus you will help your memori to save onli the import thing . thu , you will help your memori to be select and to work faster than befor . moreov , you will help your memori to react veri fast in front of a situat unexpect . in do so undestand idea is better than learn fact in conclus , i am definetli agre with thi statement . i hope all student will use thi method in order to have good grade and reach their goal easili .