the statement agre with have a broad knowledg and not a subject-specifi knowledg is to one extent wrong . have a broad knowledg on mani academ subject might be a posit thing but in the end there is the need of some kind of special in order to achiev and get some result . dure the year of format ( middl and high school ) a rang of subject is need in order to give the student a chanc to get a better idea on where they want to specifi later on in their live . but onc school is over some kind of special need to be requir . children and teenag are requir to learn no mani subject not becaus it is better to have a broader knowledg but becaus they are not old enough to choos which special subject they want to pursu . have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject is the same as have shallow knowledg on someth . with thi shallow knowledg no result can be achiev and the result , in the end , is someon that know a littl about everyth and noth about someth specif . engin , doctor , lawyer are all special in their on subject . thi profess that are the most respect one are base on specif knowledg and not on broad knowledg . there is no time or real need for a doctor to know about law and how the judici system work as long as he know about hi own profess and how to appli medicin . there is someth call gener cultur that everyon should learn and use in everi day basi but it should not be the onli knowledg a person ha . the gener cultur should be accompani by some kind of specifi knowledg on someth that would lead to someth . peopl that onli have gener cultur do not have enough knowledg to pursu a carreer that would lead somewher in the futur . the nobel prize , for exampl , are subject-specifi and there is no gener cultur nobel prize . the physicist that earn the physic nobel prize ha specifi knowledg that accompani with research and work in thi subject led him to a discoveri . in the end , what is need in the world of today is a gener sens of what is go in the world ( i.e. gener cultur ) with some specifi knowledg in a subject that might lead to an achiev that would help the world in gener . have onli specifi knowledg is also a neg thing becaus there is a dettach of the real world that could harm a person and disconect him from the world .