have you ever seen a depress young person or a merri old man ? mani of us would answer posit to thi question . i believ that enjoy life is not restrict to young peopl , though mani of the joy activ would certainli need enthusiasm and energi suppos to be abanduntli found at the younger age . through our life we face mani happi incid , as well as difficult moment that assist in formul our attitud in life . still i strongli believ that enjoy life is a choic we make on our own . all of us face moment of exhilir happi and other where we would be under the impress that we are live in a nightmar . unfortun , such moment will not come evenli or suqeuenti , so as to get prepar . that is , none of us can be happi or depress all the time so better make a choic to enjoy life as it is , no matter your age is . to substanti the abov said i will tell you the stori of two of my dear rel that unfortun pass away last summer . the stori is about my dear uncl and aunt who were in their late seventi . my aunt wa divorc with veri limit materi resourc to support her children , still she manag to bring up two young gentlemen and a beauti ladi and enjoy her late day with her two grandson , though her health wa declin fast especi dure her last day where she lost her eyesight . still she made a choic to enjoy live everi moment of her life , i have never seen my aunt complain or grumbl of her circumst and in the end she die with digniti . on the contrari , my uncl who wa with ampl financi resourc , four son and daughter and seven grandson / grand aughter wa complain all the time . unlik my aunt he never rememb ani of hi achiev in life , he would alway see what wa miss and start blame circumst or hi son and daughter . in the end he die so upset after have a big quarrel with one of hi son . what a wast ! but it wa hi choic . in brief , enjoy life ha noth to do with age , it is a choic we make . a choic to make to get to know how to get the utmost happi of the bless god bestow on us and live peac with life 's inevit hardship . \