i certainli hope thi statment would be true , as i wish to agre with it . but unfortuantli , i do n't agre , as realiti impli opposit fact . as i grew up , i have been notic peopl chang their car everi now and then , i usual did n't care , but when it wa time for me to get a car , i felt how import it is to ride a car that comfort me and get me to ani where i wish to go . and i realiz whi peopl were so interest to changtheir car . it 's either they did n't like their car model anymor , or mayb they just want to get the latest car . howev , be thi tramend chang in car manufact world wide affect all peopl , in term of age or gender . now not onli men interest in car , but also women . even though most of the well famou car manufact coorpor are tri to suit what is the best comfart car for a women , in term of color , mirror on both the front sit , where the driver locat . also , certain type of car were introduc for a small or a big famili . nonetheless , the type of car introduc , there are so mani and uncount . alot of differ car industri are grow so fast due to the competit between them to produc most high technic and comfort car with less maintan , with ofcours , the shape it ha of modern look and color . mani peopl are veri impress with the veri high technolog appli in car nowaday , from the car 's shape till the car 's perform . and let never forget that car now serv us in mani of way . ani famili ca n't live without a car , and that a realiti everyon should admit , as in case if you do n't have a car instead you can take anoth tarnsport mean . which at the end is a car , go anywher , to your work place or for vist someon or even travel near or far still requir a car . car 's serv us in mani way , that make me doubt that in twenti year will be fewer , even if telecommut took place instead of go to yout place , and replac car with ani other mean of transport like for exampl airoplan , it will be so diffecult to adopt to such a diffecult mean . car just make life easier in term of tarnsport . final let just thank those industri who are tri to manufact car move with electricti rather than petrolum that affect the enviro neg , and wish to demostr instead of what we are use now .