in the past , knowledg wa not valu and spread as it is nowaday . the peopl count on their work capac to ensur their food and necess . in our time , it is becom , more and more , a necess to be well educ , otherwis your opportun to get a respect job are veri limit . manytim , we appreci those special peopl who can cover all the suround criteria in a certain subject more then the peopl who have diversifi their knowledg . both broad knowledg and specif subject knowledg are in need in our societi and each one is character by a differ set of benefit . special in one specif subject is a must in the research center , in the univers and in the research develop depart of the big compani . those person are character by a veri differ and accur knowledg in some field which can lead to minim error and could lead to some creativ of new product or research methodolog . gener speak , those peopl can find job much easili in the develop countri like the u. , canada , franc . .. for exampl , if i will be abl to get a phd , most probabl i will not return back to my nativ countri sinc the opportun to work for such qualifi person are veri limit . so befor decid if i will appli to thi i should accept the next decis , which is to continu my life abroad . although special seem to be veri good , mani job opportun in the develop and under develop countri can not hire such person . for them , such person are consid as overqualifi employe and they do not need their addit knowledg that they have gather through their special . they are mostli seek in person who can do mani job in the same time . so at thi level , a person who ha a broad knowledg of mani academ subject would most probabl welcom sinc he will be abl to work on differ and thi exactli will satisfi the need of the manag . i give the exampl when i wa work for the first time after i have my undergradu studi as agricultur enginn : the manag accept me , but not a master degre student becaus he is not readi to pay a littl bit more for hi knowledg ; he did n't need hi qualif . later i figur out that the manag hire me not just becaus i am an agricultur engin but becaus i have great comput skill and becaus i have got some extra cours in market . so my diversifi knowledg permit to me to get the job , while the other person , who ha a master degre in agricultur wa not accept . as a conclus , both of the two concept is valu ; we have alway to weigh the benefit of each , clarifi our need and goal , and then to choos between special in one specif subject or tri to get a much broad knowledg of mani academ subject .