as educ is one of the most import sourc to build a strong workforc , and western countri depend on their peopl as a resourc , the concept how student learn is discuss in ongo debat . some argu , student should focu on fact and learn the import past event by heart , while other claim to understand idea and to have the posibl to make transfer of differ concept is of more valu . howev both is im today , we are live in a chang world . that what might be true today , doe not have to be true tomorrow . therefor , adapt and flexil are veri import skill . if student were to learn onli fact , which could easili look up in the librari or the internet , they do not learn ani uniqu skill . as well these fact might be proven to be wrong , if not tomorrow than the day after . to build all one knowledg on fact is not veri secur , neither provid it the confid one need to be success in thi world . anyway , i believ it is import to teach student some basic fact in differ subject like math or histori . a lot of theori are base of these fact and one could onli understand them when the fact are known . the theori a student should learn dure hi educ life found in a great deal on the lay down fact . therefor it would be the wrong approach to leav out the fact complet of a student 's curriculum . have build a stong basi with the most import fact , the educ should furtheron focu on the concept . student should learn what histori ha learnd the human race , what the background of certein decis have been , and furthermor how thi can be transfer into our present or even into the futur . to understand the idea behind the constitut of the us , explain how the american becam to what they are today . understand and adapt is far more import than know the exact date of the signatur of the constitut . thi could be found within one minut by search in the internet . to be abl to explain consequ and to infer possibl result is onli possibl if one understood the idea behind . to come to a conclus , the question is not whether educ should onli be base on fact or on understand complex idea , but how to bring both in the best way togeth to prepar the gener of the futur for there daili task . to know fact is the basi to draw the interdepend between situat or peopl . to know when lead to the question whi , and thi drive our world into tomorrow .