the issu at hand is will there be more car in near futur i.e anoth twenti year than there are today . the given issu is import becaus it is question about a probabl revolut in automobil industri . i dont agre with the topic . there are sever rerason i would like to cite and explain on my stand . with the advent and advanc of technolog man ha been abl to expand hi horizon in everi possibl direct and in vast number of field . but the main underli point regard the advanc is onli to comfort himself as much as possibl . the invent of automobil ha actual happen like a miracl . but own an automobil wa a dream to bourgeoi and the laborclass peopl then . today , we can find a car or other automobil in everi household . the number of car all over the globe today is some sever thousand of time to what it wa four decad ago and the number is like to increas much higher as the cost of buy a car is decreas day by day . so , i think that my option of increas in the number of car in anoth twenti year is better than the other . also , it is a human tendenc that own a car or anoth four wheeler is a matter of prestig . so , everybodi aim to own a car and that too at an earlier stage of their career . though , the cost of ga and fuel is goin up drastic , most of the peopl are watch out for even a small incent in their job so that they can buy a new car . so , it is highli unlik that the number of car will decreas in the futur . addit , it is also possibl that a car may run on water rather than ga in the near futur . alot of research and experiment ha alreadi been go on studi the properti of auto mechan in thi aspect . if thi happen , then the automobil industri would bask in the glori of success and flourish in the fragranc of wealth . thi situat no matter what will never let down the number of car in the futur . final , the peopl are also think about the long distanc they have to travel everyday and the hectic schedul they have everyday . commut by car , is what make them total independ in travel to larg distanc as per their wish . moreov , a car also provid the comfort of goin on long drive with famili member or with friend and serv the purpos of share longterm memori . ultim , i think thatmi option of the increas in number of car is like to happen in the near futur .