befor i come to the statement it seem to be necessari to defin success , which often mean financi success . but there is more to success to it than wealth and power . a person can be success , when he or she special in a field and exceler in it . then the success is measur in new discoveri , new patent , technolog , in the person develop and achiev . it seem also import to relat to the requir of success . to be success , one ha to obtain and se knowledg . then he or she must be abl to understand what is known , and to differenti between inform which is more and less import in order to succeed . anoth requir is the abil to realiz what you dream of or what you want to achiev . one need manag skill , a person drive which is strong enough to overcom obstacl , delay and disappoint . it need a determin natur , and strong ( self - ) motiv . furthermor often financi ressourc are requir to stay on the treck . as i see it , the statement abov is too simplist . it is not enough to tri out someth new and take risk . so mani who act thi way , fail . whi ? what could be underli reason ? the question which come up for me is rather : what do success peopl have , that make them success , in opposit to their fellow human be , who fail in their endeavor ? i believ , that in order to be success , you first have to know what you want . in which field do you want to excel ? where do you want to special ? first you need a clear pictur , what you want to achiev . as soon as you know what you want , you can make plan on how to achiev your goal . you will have to obtain knowledg , you might have to studi , go to univers , or just ask the right peopl how to start your busi . you will have to outlin a plan , how to reach your aim , and it will be favour when you includ and ask peopl who are alreadi success in your field of interest . you will also have to make financi plan and includ bank or other sponsor ( mayb memer of your famili ) in order to keep on go . and you will have to readjust your outlin and action to the realiti , which will correct you and help you in becom more effici in your effort . at the end i want to say , that success mean for each person someth els . where we want to be success - we will have to find that out for ourselv . it might not be even notic for your neighbor , but you will know it when it happen . and : small success are the precursor of greater one .