i strongli agre with the fact that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their communit . be a volunt myself at the nation univers hospit for more than three year , i have sens that the commun doe need a lot of help from the gener public . howev , the young peopl involv in thi project are extrem few . there are numer reason for thi phenomenon . the first reason would be a lack of interest . we face a great difficulti to recruit peopl everi year . they are simpli attract to other booth that are consid more interest , such as outdoor activ club , danc societi and rock climb club . these activ involv a lot of physic movement and help them to bond better with their friend . they have a golden chanc to know more about peopl from their age and build firmer friendship via such activ . help the commun , on the other hand , usual requir the interact with peopl outsid the school . most of the time , they are from anoth age group . it is veri difficult to get the young peopl interest or excit to talk with the elderli patient for two hour straight or to play with kid who hardli know ani ` hot ' music or movi . young peopl believ that they could hardli gain anyth out of help the commun . as a result , most of them are not interest . thi also explain whi ministri of educ in singapor set compulsori hour of commun servic for the junior colleg student . if not , young peopl would not set time asid for such activ . secondli , time contraint usual hinder the young peopl to help their commun . young peopl nowaday are preoccupi with simpli too mani activ , such as school work , co-curriculum activ and other entertain program . in singapor univers , we have to attend lectur , laboratori , tutori and seminar for almost 30 hour a week . dure our spare time , we have numer project meet , assign , essay and test to prepar and studi for . in our mere free time , we tend to relax by chat on msn , surf the internet , play comput game , watch movi or join club activ such as bridg club , skate club , outdoor activ club etc . thi simpli leav us littl time to help the commun . thirdli , young peopl , especi peopl from rich famili , are not matur enough to face the realiti in the commun . grown up in a wealthi famili who live in condominium or privat hous , young peopl do not see the other side of the societi . they do not recogn the exist of peopl who work 14 hour a day and earn a meager incom , who live on public pension of 200 dollar a month ( equival for the cost of their newli bought nike shoe ) , who live in a hous without electr and ga suppli , who are sick but have no money to see a doctor and who are too weak to see the sun-ris on the next morn . help their commun provid too cruel a realiti for them to accept . as a result , they opt to escap from face them complet . in conclus , it is my stand that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . thi may be due to their lack of interest , time constraint or their intent to escap from the cruel realiti .