in the past few year we human have made great advanc . with the increas in adcanc , there is so much more to know and learn . so much is happen everi minut . it is veri difficult to keep tab on each and everyth happen in the world . thu when i am face with the question as to ` whether it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject or to special in one specif subject ? ' , i would alway choos to special in one specif subject . i beleiv that if one is special in one particular subject then he is better off in thi ever so competit world than a person who ha broad knowledg on mani area , but lack special in one . life ha becom so competit . in today 's scenario onli the best can surviv . even the highli qualifi peopl are find it difficlut to find a proper job . have special in a particular subject help give direct to one life . be special , one can realli prosper in that subject area and do well for himself and hi famili . but on the other hand , peopl who have broad knowledg of mani academ subject , are not particularli knowledg in one particular area . thu it is difficult for these peopl to find a good stabl job . today most firm , busi and agenc prefer special individu who can handfl difficult and tri situat . i am not tri to argu that peopl should not have ani knowledg about other academ subject . i am a strong beleiv in the fact one should have some inform of what go on around him . but accumul broad knowledg on mani subject area is not possibl if one decid to special in one subject . mani argu that if onc a person ha obtain special in a particular subject then he can still go ahead and obtain broad knwoledg on other academ area . but if one feel that obtain a doctor or master in a particular field is enough to be special then that person is mistaken . special mean that a person have indepth knowledg about everyth in a subject area and thi includ keep tab with current event in that subject area . to be special and henc success in one 's chosen field the person should keep learn in the subject . i onc ask my uncl who is a highli success and respect doctor in india that what made him so good . hi answer wa that i am not good i am still learn . onc i have accumum all the knowledg there is to obtain in my field will i be good and that can never happen . so when you are at the crossroad in your life and have to make a decis as to whether to obtain broad knowledg of mani academ subject or to special in one specif subject , chose the special .