everi person is given a mean to hi exist becaus of the commun he live in and henic it hi moral respons to show gratitud toward the comun he is a part of . he need to help hi fellow commun member in whatev the extent he can . young peopl nowaday may not be as respons as the youth of the previou gener in certain factor . but thi can not be attribut to their work toward commun . youth are as dedic toward the develop of commun as the youth onc were . i would strongli disprov the statement that young peopl are not give enough time toward help their commun . we can find lot of young girl and boy volunt dure weekend at variou templ , church and mosqu . dure festivals/celebr , we find lot of commun event organis . the interest factor in these is , young peopl are the organis of these event . they involv in the pool of the fund , gather the necessari equip and hold on till the smooth transit of event is complet . they are present everywher . they are not do these for some petti monetari allow . it be done as a token of respect for the commun they live in and the peopl part of it . when all these are happen right in front of our eye , how can we state that they are show a deaf ear to their commun . these are few exampl of the servic exhibit by the young peopl toward the uplift of their commun . though not in a direct form , we can find young peopl work in variou compani and colleg do social servic on few particular day commemor some import occas . also , most of the young peopl after pass out from their colleg and join some industry/compani , do come back to colleg occassion . they help their junior student by take some guidanc class , clear their doubt about the job cultur and industri environ . they even help their alma mater by donat fund as a respons alumnu and are support the commun they are part of . we also find mani young peopl particip in the preserv of environ campaign . they are rais their voic with the help of associ like `` save earth '' , `` green peac foundat '' etc . most of the member in these organis are peopl age under 30 . they are preach for a better earth and thu are strive to help the commun they live in . in short , i would strongli disagre with the given statement and reinforc that youth 's commit toward the commun ha not chang over gener .