opt for gener academ knowledg instead of a more specif one is a defin choic . it will undoubtedli have a signific impact on the student 's futur profession career . while broad knowledg is often prefer , i person think that focus on specif topic is more relev . inde , i am convinc that it is essenti in order to becom compet in a field . moreov , a freshli graduat student with veri specif skill is more like to match an employ expect . nevertheless , in the particular case of manag , broader knowledg is still prefer . first and foremost , go deep into a subject allow student to master perfectli a field , while surfac it result in the end in useless skill . by tackl everyth , we final stop work on a subject when it is get interest . for instanc , in high school , we discov mani thing : just enough to have a vagu understand of how thing work . i would have love to go further on biolog , physic . .. but we lack time . in order to go further on a subject , make a choic is need . then , i think that a student who is special will better fit a compani need than if he had gener background academ knowledg . inde , in the modern industri , what is need is veri focus peopl , work on tini task . the gather of those tini task , with each of them perfectli perform , make the final result great . for instanc , a friend of mine wa special in micro frequenc wave length , or close . he had no difficulti to be hire for a top level posit in a militari compani becaus hi profil wa veri rare . final , i would underlin the fact that there is one field where broad compet are better : manag . as a matter of fact , what a manag is ask for is not do thing well . he is expect to be abl to make hi team deliv a great job . so he should understand the task of each of hi teammat in order to manag them properli . the higher hi posit , the broader hi skill . for instanc it would be a non sens to ask a ceo in a pharmaceut compani to have veri deep knowledg of drug composit . to conclud , i would say that have a specif approach is a win solut for ani student . then , if he is to reach manageri posit , he will have the opportun to get an mba in order to learn broader thing for instanc . | more compet : surfac topic vs have an in6deep knozledg . zith broad learn : stop zhen it start get interest . special : today co ; pani , research specif knowledg for effici the except : manag . need to be abl to anyon and understand