invent the wheel again the method for be sucess in life is not written on an ancient egyptian scroll . in today 's world no one can realli determin what will be a hit or not . invent a new thing is sure necess to be sucess , but one should not blindli take risk in the sake of it . one 's experi is hi best treasur and hi best guid for reach sucess . success peopl improv on what they alreadi do well . imagin someon who want to be a good swimmer . he first learn freestyl and as soon as he learn it enough to look good , he start learn butterfli , backstrok , breastrok and so on . while a competitor choos hi best stroke to be freestyl and put just the same energi and time to freestyl onli . the first swimmer can race and be good in all style but when he race freestyl , the second swimmer will win . success in sport is similar to success in life for mani thing . if one doe n't focu on one thing and learn it quit well he wo n't improv on it . success peopl plant their strategi well and work on the thing they alreadi know to improv themselv . in order to be sucess in a subject one should bring someth new into that subject . in order to bring in someth new to the tabl , one should first know what 's been put on the tabl . success peopl who ha experi on their subject alreadi know not onli what ha been done upto that point , but also they understand what is need next . someon look at a pictur from outsid can not see the next step , can not see what that busin field is lack and what would be a big gap file invent . take a risk on new thing without and experi on it is like drive in dark with no headlight . be success doe not mean do onli what ha been done up to that point without chane it . success peopl alway re-inv and improv thing in their field . the first rule of be success is not stop and alway improv on what one have . success stori are base on do dramat thing . howev it is onli a fair luck to be success in a field by just take risk and tri new thing . new thing are necessari for improv and success . but for new thing , experi is a must . success peopl are the one that tri new thing in the light of their experi .