it is often said that young peopl do not give enough of their time to help the commun . in my opinion thi is not true becaus of server reason . firstli the workload is steadili increas and thu the time avail is becom less and less . it is also clear that young poepl do help their commun but it is just less recogn by everyon esl in societi . young peopl often have to make import decis and step in their live . thi need a lot of time to be put in and it requir the a lot of engag of the student . an exampl would be the univers applic process . the select of univers and the time consum creation of a person statement . thi is further promot by the pressur which is put on youngster by all kind of differ institut for exampl sport team , school , colleg and parent . even thouh everi individu person is more and more self centr it would be a wrong gener to disregard ani commun work which is done by young adult . such commun work rang from chariti event for local disabl person centr to the actual help done by mani peopl to be a supervis in such a centr . often thi is done voluntarili and no financi wage is receiv by the help peopl . anoth reason is that such work is often not recogn by the gener public becaus it is incorpor into school activ . such an exampl would be the ca whcih all student in my school have to complet . thi involv 60 hour of sport , action and servic . especi the servic is often achiev by help out in chariti event or fundrais for local commun but also for bigger organis for exampl unicef . unicef is collect money and with thi money they are help peopl in a differ part of the world . thi may as well lead to the conclus by other that no commun work is be done becaus they ca n't see the result of such an involv . in conlcus it ha to be notic that the work young poepl do today ha inde chang an may even be less than it use to be . but in gener there is still the same effort put into thi work and the result can be seen in mani exampl . thi statement reflect the desintrest of mani adult in the work done by young peopl and want to compar two differ period of time which is obvious not possibl .