as we know , young peopl are more energet , enthusiast , and enjoy better health , then it is true that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do ? person speak , i do not agre with such a content . first , the live of young peopl are much more streass than that of older peopl . the gener of our parent or grandpar were born in the 1930 to 1950 , when the popul in china wa rel small . by contrast , most young peopl nowaday were born dure the birth boost in 1980 , therefor , the competit for educ opportun and job posit are much more fierc for them . they have to work day and night to support themselv financi . second , young peopl are in a specif phase of their live when there are more troubl and frustrat than older peopl . for exampl , young peopl would feel overwhelm with anxieti or stress when first fall in love , when get marri , when expect a babi , all of which are new to them , so that they are not sure whether they can handl . howev , the life for older peopl is more peac and smooth , without such anxieti . what 's more , young peopl might probabl have some financi problem , especi when they are frustrat in job hunt . by contrast , most older peopl have pension and they are cover by social welfar system , such as medcar , so that they are emaci from such financi troubl and are live a more secur and decent life . third , older peopl are care protect and highli respect by the whole societi , howev , young peopl tend to be neglect in some way . nowaday , young peopl are encourag or even forc to move out of their parent ' hous and begin an independ life by themselv . sometim they are live in detach , loneless and isol . by contrast , older peopl are respect by the whole soceiti , and they are refrent visit by hi children as well as social worker . in numer famili get-togeth , it is not hard to tell how happi they are , with a pride of self-accomplish . in sum , although we must admit that young peopl are more health , energet and enthusiast than older peopl , at the same time , they are face more stress , competit and anxieti . what 's more , older peopl are care protect and highli respect by the whole societi , but young peopl are negelect in some way . thu , i do not think young peopl are live a better life than older peopl .