it is wide consid as a fact that the number of car in use will declin dure the next twenti year . but thi theori is onli true for the develop world and not for the world as a whole . it will be point out in the cours of thi essay whi thi is true for the develop world and - more import - whi the total number of car in use on thi planet will continu to rise . at first , the question aris whi peopl tend to think that the number of car in use will declin dure the next twenti year . as the peopl and especi the politician in the develop world tend to give more import to environment issu , it becom obviou that car account for heavi air pollut . therefor , mass transport system as train or buse are like to be abl to attract more custom than they are now . addit , it is like that those mass transport system will receiv more financi aid from the govern make them more attract for the custom . as a result of that develop , peopl live in those develop countri will need less car . but nevertheless , the amount of car in use in the world as a whole will continu to rise . new concept and develop in the field of energi are current develop by car manufactur all over the world and they will make petroleum-bas fuel obsolet . some new car as the toyota priu alreadi use some of the new concept . the last and mayb most signific argument for the theori of an increas number of car is the on-go process of globalis which result in a higher level of develop in countri as china , india , brasil or indonesia . today , most inhabit of those countri can not afford buy a car . as those peopl get more money out of their job as a result of globalis , they will develop the same need which peopl of develop countri have today - drive into the countrysid , visit friend in other citi , make holiday , etc . and due to their increas incom , they will soon be abl to buy car . as the number of inhabit in those develop countri is enorm ( more than 2bn peopl in china and india combin ) , the number of car in use is like to rise . to conclud thi argument , it is highli unlik for the number of car in use to declin . especi the grow demand for car in the develop countri as china and india will bring the number of car in use to a new record level .