in the present day situat , car are not a `` luxuri '' item , they 're a necess . everi place , whether it be household , or in factori , etc. transport is incomplet without fourwheel . look specif to car , or technic `` light motoris , four wheel vehicl '' , one cant realli expect there number to sink , at least for sure within 20 year . one of the practic reason is that the road that carri the current capac of car , are alreadi there and function . if the number of car will reduc , then the traffic level will go down , and one of the biggest disincent that prevent a person to buy car ( the congest on road ) will also die down . so if the car number will go down , it will in itself , motiv peopl to buy new car . a nice altern to use car is use the subway system , or the railroad , or airway , or bu . but still , one cant make a subway station everywher in the citi , or a run separ train between everi two pair of station . although for long distanc , peopl might opt for subway or rail , but the `` number of car '' will not decreas , becaus some time you may need to do extens shop , receiv your kin from differ point in citi , move to variou locat in the citi or out the citi where there is no rail connect , or no station , the travel plan can chang suddenli , with no prior notic . all mass transit system have a schedul , they arriv and depart in fix manner , but urgent situat dont . so peopl might prefer to use mass transport facil in daili life , the densiti of traffic may reduc , but the `` number of car in use '' wont decreas . neither can one expect such a huge develop in mass transport system to come within 20 year , and continu thereon . one may say that fuel use in car can get chang . it is said that petroleum reserv will get over within 100 year ( too long !! ) . howev , hydrogen power cell to run car on electr is a concept that wont let car stagnat due to nonavail of petroleum base fuel . they can be said to be not secur owe to road accid , but accid , to point out , is driver fault and not the vehicl 's . also , accid can happen in ani vehicl , but in car you can have seat belt , air bag and all sort of safeti devic not possibl in other vehicl . if earn is said to give financi independ , then car can be said to give transit independ . you need not ask anyon , you need not worri where to go , when to go , how long to stop at ani place , and your drive safe confirm the safe transit of other person in the car . although bike can be an altern as a transport medium , but it mainli a 2 seater . .. and no more , and you cant afford to carri variou luggag .