i definet agre with the statement that young peopl nowaday do not spend much time in help their commun . although their mayb certain individu who find time to help other in their commun but the major of the young peopl are busi with their own committ and do not find time to help other . one of the reason for not help other mayb that young peopl are not abl to find time to help even though they are will to do so . the young peopl nowaday are so engross in their committ like studi and work on a job to support their career that most of them do not find time at all to help other . whatev littl time they find they use it for relax from their heavi schedul . their daili activ are so cramp up that they can not find time to help someon in their commun . i myself face thi problem when their wa flood in our local . i did not face ani problem but certain low lie area around our hous face problem . instead of help those peopl i wa busi in prepar for my final examin which were go on at that time . how much ever i want to help them i could not as i had to prepar and do well for my final exam . the other reason might be that the young peopl nowaday are letharg and tend to spend time for themselv rather than help someon els . whatev time they find they tend to spend it for themselv and enjoy rather than use it for certain charit caus like help someon els . i had an experi that fit into thi . thi occur dure our vacat time . their wa an opportuin to help certain poor student in our commun with their teach dure the vacat . but some of my friend who had just taken examin decid to relax and get away . they went on a holiday for half of the vacat and thu could not help those student . their should be a sens of self sacrific in order to help other . but major of the younger gener now have no such valu . final , what i think is that major of them do not help other becaus of the abov specifi reason . their might be a littl percentag of younger peopl who find time to help other but as a whole the younger gener is busi with their own life . thi ha to chang and young peopl need to find time and help other in their commun .