i agre that it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . have knowledg in a broad number of academ subject not onli constitu an all round person , but also pave the way for the success in special in one specif subject . to acquir a truli thorough understand of a specif subject , the knowledg of that subject alon is not enough . it is in conjuct with other subject that give academ a greater understand of what they are current deal with . if one onli focus one 's studi in a specif subject , their method of thought would onli be limit to that particular subject . for exampl , a mathematician might onli be familiar with the metholog deduct of a problem , and henc be unabl to understand matter with an imagin mind . should the mathematician develop hi mind in differ way , say through art or write , he might be abl to develop mathemat further . for exampl , the klein 's bottl , name ( not suprisingli ) after klein is a mathemat concept which is not applic in the real world . yet it ha been and still is an import mathemat concept and puzzl which form the base of further mathemat investig . if mathematician follow a logic and structur line of thought , the klein 's bottl would have never been thought of and mathemat would not be abl to further itself . furthermor , take philosophi for exampl , it ha becom appar that to becom a success philosoph , one must acquir skill from variou subject . kant and heidegg amongst other promin philosoph have had their say on the subject . they believ in order to becom a success philosoph , one must acquir skill from mathemat and scienc , an abil or a mean to comprehend the world , a method of logic mental train that is crucial to the function of a clear-mind philosoph . given the prolifer of academ institut that facili research and learn in all sort of area , each disciplin is slowli begin to exhaust itself in it subject matter . also , the technolog advanc have lead us to be live in an ever chang environ , result in mani new inter-disciplinari connect . for exampl , even the develop of a robot dog take into account the psycholog effect it will have on human , and creat a more accept model . ( henc the connect between the engin and psycholog ) . with the abov two reason , it is even more crucial that in order to truli succeed at ` special ' in one subject , not onli doe on need to delv into the content of it , but also in other academ subject . in conclus , even if a person want to special in a specif subject or be an all round person , it is crucial to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject .