i am write thi compositon to argu about the statment that say `` is it better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject '' . in the next paragraph i am go to state the advantag of have broad knowledg in mani acedem subject and the disadvantag of it . everi singl person all around the world want to be a person with knowledg a person who ha a good averag and all the famili is proud to have a person like that . studi mani subject in school and in univers and get low mark is useless there would be onli one advantag and that is that thi person will show that he is abl to studi so mani subject at onc . on the other hand side . there are mani disadvantag of have broad knowledg in so mani subject . first of all studi physic chemistri along with busi and econom need both learn and think , i do not think that there is a person who is abl to studi these subject togeth . studi all these subject will not make a person work in a compani which ha engin combin with journal . a person can onli work in one of these compani . almost all the peopl who work in compani now graduat from univers and all of these peopl studi a specif subject . studi a subject you are an expert in is much better than studi mani subject that you are not good in . mani peopl who studi mani subject are do that just to get more money , these peopl should know that money is not more import than have a job which you are expert in , and at the same time you are enjoy yourself in thi compani . anoth reason a person would want to have thi knowledg in mani subject would be that thi person just want to show off infront of friend and famili that he is work in two compani at onc . my cousin wa one of those peopl that want to have broad knowledg in so mani subject and he suffer a lot studi in univers . on the other hand hi brother studi financ onli and now hi brother is happier than him in hi work and he is also get a higher salari . i disagre about thi statement `` have broad knowledg in mani subject is better than special in one subject '' . i think special in one subject is much better and i advis everi singl person who is plan to studi mani subject to think befor make thi desicion becaus noth is more import than your futur .