i total agre with the given statement . the statement say that an individu or a student should understand the idea behind a concept rather than just learn the fact about it . accord to the statement if a student ha to have overal growth then thi ca n't be done just by mug up the fact that are taught instead they should undergo a thought process to develop idea and understand the concept thoroughli . thi would help a student to improv in all the aspect of a person and would rather gain more intellig . if two student are compar or test for exampl a student with sharp skill who understand the concept and the tri to produc someth of thi own and a student who just tri to learn over thing as it is , then the student with more capabl of learn would alway be a winner . thi can be justifi as when a person tri to understand someth then he is put in more effort to make up hi career . wherea if a student just read the fact and prepar for exam and then just forget it as part of the curriculum then he himself is at loss . thi would not give ani sort of person as well as academ growth . he would stand where he wa earlier . consid the fact that it is import to understand idea and learn the concept we would list the merit that a student would acquir . when the student start understand the concept mean he/sh is show interest in whatev he/sh is do . secondli thi improv the knowledg of that particular student . thirdli the student can gain in more mark and have a success career certif for the lifetim . though the whole of our life we got learn new thing that come our way , thi would easi onli if the basi of our educ is strong . it is as similar as a foundat of a larg build . if the foundat is strong then the build can long last i mean it is strong enough to face advers condit and vice versa . in thi way if a student ha a more grip on his/her subject and put in extra effort to gener new idea then the individu is said to flourish in hi life and as well as in societi in which live . thu to conclud my view i would alway prefer to have a success career with my person growth as well as the organis growth for which i would work . thi give you the ultim satisfact and you can easili come up in life . though it goe on a slower pace we would alway be a champion . as the proverb goe `` slow and steadi win the race '' .