i strongli believ that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . in my opinion , the main caus for thi be so is that that 's precis the aim of advertis . dure the 20th centuri , the approach on sell product have shift from believ that have a good product wa enough to sell it , to believ that aggres market wa a must . thi mean that nowaday compani believ that have a good product is not enough , but that you must make the public awar of your product and convinc it of how good your product actual is . but , whi is n't enough to show a good product as it realli is ? simpli becaus such an approach would n't make most product stand out in the wide varierti of product now avail . let 's look , for exampl , at wash machin 's soap : everi compani , from ariel to ala , claim their soap is tremend better than ani other competitor . or car manufactur 's : everi singl brand state their car are the fastest and most secur car in the market . clearli , all of them ca n't be right . most of them must be make their product seem much better than they realli are . anoth way of see that advertis make product seem better than what they trulli are is think about thi : when wa the last time you heard an advertis state ani disadvanteg to their product , ani weak point ? i do n't think i ever did . but clearli , product have weak point and disadvantag . even if all good thing advertis say about their product are true , those product are n't like to be perfect , so by state the good thing and hide the not so good one , they are make their product look better than what it actual are . thi can be understand if we keep in mind that advertis aim at sell product , and so will do everyth possibl to convinc custom of buy them , without attempt to provid an object view . in conclus , most advertis make product look better than they realli are , and thi can be seen in the fact that most of them claim their product to be the best in the market and fail to mention ani weak those product may have .