one can undoubtedli say , that everybodi in our societi strive for success . but what is the underli principl lead to success ? some peopl claim that success peopl are innov , take risk rather than continu work on what they alreadi know well . in my opinion , thi statement is true for mani case . peopl who tri new thing or take risk are more will to explor their boundari . thi make it more like to come accross discoveri and idea that are revolutionari and lead to and outstand perform . also , these peopl are usual more adapt than their collegu who prefer to stick to their old pattern and spend their entir life in an offic , perform the same task everyday . riski peopl are usual at the forefront of their field , wherea peopl who do what they know well , will alway lag behind . peopl who are open-mind perceiv chang in their environ not as a threat , but as an opportun and are abl to take these chanc to revolutionis an area . furthermor , peopl who are will to take risk can not usual be discourag easili by concern friend or famili when tri to set a veri far-fetch idea into practic . a classic exampl of how be innov lead to huge success is the stori of a man work for a comput firm . thi compani had been specialis on the product of huge comput for a long time . thi employe had the idea to build portabl comput ( i.e. laptop ) . howev , hi idea wa reject by hi boss . as a consequ , the employe resign from hi job and set up a compani who built laptop . as we know today , hi idea had been a huge success - and the compani still suffer from be reluct to adopt to thi chang . critic on the other hand may say that there is no recip to success . just be bold and tri new thing doe not necessarili guarante a success outcom . also , move too far away from one 's initi area of studi mean that a lot of time must be invest in learn new techniqu and theori , as mani field requir a substanti background knowledg in order to work in them . thi , inde , is a valid argument . howev , as mention previous the attitud of peopl who are prepar to take risk is much more like to lead to an outstand discoveri . clearli , there is no guarante for success , but as the previou exampl have illustr , onli peopl who are will to take risk and search for the unexplor are like way to becom veri success .