in my opinion , peopl who are tri tri new thing and take risk are more success than peopl who are keep on do what they know well . first , i will use my own experi to illustr my opinion , i like to make birthday parti for friend . that mean call peopl , book the restaur , etc . a month ago , i made a birthday parti for a friend of mine , sinc i 'm not a riski person with my friend , i did n't choos to make someth complet new like strip club or someth like that . i made a regular parti like i do everi year , restaur and then club . it wa suppos to be a supris but i notic that my friend guess my plan befor . on the birthday , he wa n't supris at all . i guess if i would have done someth differ by chang my initi plan , my friend would be more enthousiast . i did n't take the risk of disappoint him . he would be more supris by someth new instead of that i kept on do the same thing . in the worklif , i 'm quit differ than i 'm in my privat life sinc i like to take risk , discov new thing and improv myself in order to evolv in the compani . by take risk , i avoid be bore and unproduct at work . for exampl , my boss ask me to do a new softwar with some specif . i made all of that with the team , but i want to add some improv that make the softwar more easier to use for a new user . some of the team member did n't agre with my thought becaus they want to focus on the specif and noth els . i took the risk by myself , i did n't tell anyon of my will of ad new featur for the softwar . i ad someth that wa n't ask , i could be fire for that but in the other hand i could get consider thank to that . to conclud if you want to evolv in your worklif or even in your social life , i think you have to take risk in order to first , evolv in your compani , prevent your life from be bore and discov new possibl of life . peopl who are alway do the same thing , do that thing well but they stay at the same level of accomplish , they can upgrad their skill but not that much if you take risk .