there is a controversi issu about whether student should have broad knowledg of mani academ subject or special in one specif subject . depend on their distinct background and experi , differ student hold differ opinion . in my point of view , i think a specif learn is better becaus it is more domin in a person 's career . the most impornt reason of choos a special knowledg is that nowaday the knowledg in everi subject is becom more and more difficult . on one side , as the sciens and technolog develop , the knowledg of one specif subject becom more complic . on the other side , a person 's energi is limit by the natur . thu , if a person insist on learn a broad rang of subjuect , he will find that he is left behind the other person more and more . for exampl , one of my classmat , who like to learn lot of differ subject , such as mathemat , biolog and art , got a bad gpa dure hi colleg career . therefor , we should not expect us to be a perfect person who know everyth . a good exampl , bill gate , the richest man in the world , may lose the match to a pupil in play ping-pong . so becom a person who is expert in one area is more reason . anoth import reason is that the current societi need more and more specific-train person , such as it enig , doctor , profession player and so on . today work can no more be classifi to sever type , they are elabor to veri specif job . for exampl , the comput compani have been divid to sofewar compani such as microsoft , hardwar compani such as intel . moreov , new type of compani are also appear , such as internet compani , gool . these differ job need more and more knowledg in specifi area and a narrow knowledg rang compar to the past . thu a specific-train person is obvious more suitabl than a widely-train person . to be fair , i must own up to the import of the elementari knowledg in a wide rang . everyon should learn broad knowledg of mani academ subject in his/her junior and senior school to detemin what he/sh is suitabl for . howev , thi broad learn is just prepar for the later deeper special learn which is longer and more import in one 's career . to sum up , due to the reason mention abov , we can safe draw the conclus that student should special in one specif subject .