some success peopl tri to do new thing and take risk wherea other do n't . i can realli understand these peopl who take risk , becaus everyon want to make a bigger profit even if he or she alreadi ha a great incom and addit , life would be too bore if take no risk and not make ani chang . if i wa the success owner of , for exampl , a big medic compani and i 've alreadi had a lot of success and have made a good profit , whi should i stop take risk to earn much more money ? in my opinion , it would be the best to get my medic compani to be the best medic compani in the world . i and all of my employe would profit from that . we could , for instanc , event a new medicin and would tri to sell thi product . and if it work well everyth would be fine and if not noth bad would happen , becaus i 'm alreadi success and i 've alreadi earn enough money for me and my famili . henc take risk is not veri hazard for a success person . in addit , if thi success person would n't take ani risk anymor hi life would be complet bore . i believ that everyon must love hi or her job and should enjoy hi or her job . but there would n't be ani fun when take no risk and the job of a success person would be rather bore . consid me as the owner of a compani , i could tri to work on other field or abroad , mayb even in anoth depart . inde , these chang are risk , but thu my job would n't be bore anyway and it 's probabl that i would enjoy my job . anoth import aspect is that sometim you need to take risk and make chang not onli for your own advantag , but also for the advantag of other . i could , for instanc , tri to spend a lot of money of my imaginari compani for medic research . actual , it 's possibl that i would spend that money of my compani for noth . but nevertheless , i have done the best , becaus i 've tri to help other who are ill and mayb also poor . i can afford spend all of that money , becaus i as the owner of the compani would be rich and would n't suffer hard when wast some money when tri to help other . in conclus , i think that success peopl should take risk , becaus otherwis their job would have been bore and they can also afford wast money .