idea and concept make one student perfect . understand the idea and conecpt are much import than understand them through the fact . i agre with thi say that student should understand idea and concept . these idea and concept make one student get suc in hi futur than just understand them in the form of fact . idea and concept are import , if we take a exampl in acedem , as to understand ani subject in hi acedam the student must be with hi basic concept and the point in with it is explain nd the basic idea for that subject and he must be awar of all the concept in that subject where as if he goe through the fact he may not cover with all th concept and he may not have the grip and that form that he had when he is with the idea and the concept , so understand the idea and concept for a student make him have more abil to explain or to express that subject . student who understand the idea and concept thi make them to achiv major task like if we take an exampl of ani experi in scienc that student should know all the concept to do that experi like take exampl of a frog if the student want to exper a frog he need to know all the respirateri organ and how it live in water and also on the land if we go just by fast that it can live in water and aslo on land that is not suffici to do experi on it thi may lead to the death of the frog so one student should have the idea when nd in which condit like at what weather condit it serviv on the land on in the water so by know thi student can experi it . if we take in the lonch a rocket the scientist should have mani idea and concept like when to lonch the rocket it dosent on the fact that as the rocket lonch it goe in to the space and get everi detail thi will not go as lonch a rocket have mani method and it deal with may concept like when nd where to do thi and how to deal with thi . student can improv hi mental abil by think much insterd of go accord the fact show , like if the student start think much and consntrat much on hi think ability he get new idea and in thi way he can put all hi concept in these new idea and develop him self thi make him 2 get suc in invent may new new thing . like when newton sat under the tree he saw a appl fall down then he start think about thi thi made him to know about the gravit forc he did not leav thi to the fact that if a object is thrown then for conform it come bak on to the earth he just start thikinfg about thi and he got sudcced in kow about thi . if we consid in other field like in busi if he leav hi busi to the fact that he get profit if he sell thi may also lead him to get the loss so if one have the idea and concept about that sell of the product then for sure he will get succed in that stream and he will be with the profit . in thi way i strongli beliv and suggest that one student should go accord to idea and concept than go through the fact .