i disagre the statement , `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . '' i person like to travel veri much and i have been both on a group tour and on my own . although be on a tour wa veri help in a way which it gave me a lot of inform that i wa not familiar with regard the place i wa visit , i still prefer travel on my own for sever reason . first of all , if i plan my trip and book flight , hotel , and so forth , it is usual cheaper becaus i am not pay an addit fee that is go to be paid to the tourist compani . secondli , i would like to take time at place i go . in a tour , you have to think about other peopl in the same group , so you can not take as much as time you want at a certain point dure a tour . but if i travel on my own , i can creat my own schedul base on what i like to do and what i am interest in . it also give me freedom and flexib on chang the schedul wherev and whenev if i feel like . thirdli , i like to go to such local place as peopl market and street-car restaur where most tour would not cover . i like to talk to the local peopl and find out where they realli go . i think one of the thing about travel that would excit me is that travel like live . of cours i am a travel , but at the same time , i would like to learn about the citi or countri in depth from the perspect of local peopl . place that you go on a tour are probabl the most beauti part of the citi or countri , which do not necessarili reflect the characterist of the citi or the countri that you 're travel . therefor , i would like to go to local place that i would not get to visit as a tour group in addit to famou sight see spot . as a fourth point , i think that a qualiti of a tour mostli depend on a qualiti of a tour guid . i have had a tour guid who did not have enough experi . becaus she lack the effici , we wast some time or fail to gain certain infom . the worst tour guid i have had wa the person who discrimin peopl in the counti that she wa guid . she would tell us distort stereotyp imag toward peopl and place there . i could not stand the way she perceiv those peopl and the way other tourist would accept her word without ani critic analys . sinc a qualiti of a tour ha much to do with a qualiti of a tour guid , it is pretti unpredict whether the tour would be nice or not . i would not take such a risk while pay a lot of money . final , i do not want to travel with mani stranger . for me , travel is someth i do for my own pleasur and interest . i would hate be distract by the peopl unnecessarili and also would not want to accomon in their way . the time i am on travel is one of the most preciou time i appreci . that 's whi i would like to travel on my own or with friend and famili that i would feel comfort with throughout the trip . for all the reason abov , i disagre the given statement , `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . ''