is the enthusiasm of a person decreas proport to time ? it is certain that thi assert depend on the person or situat of the consid person . howev , the peopl lose their hope from life as they get old and live an ordinari and bore life . therefor , i agre that life is more enjoy for the young rather than old sinc i believ in that the enthusiasm insid a person goe far away as day pass . first of all , it is probabl true for most of the peopl live on the earth , the experinc of a young person is less compar to an old person . think that , when you get a question , you will immedi want to learn the answer of thi question . on the other hand , if you heard thi question befor , you would not get excit to hear the answer of the question . thu , i claim that the life is compos of lot of question which all of them have answer aroun the world . in fact , experi mean that you learn the answer of most of these question . thu , thi question lost it signific for your aspect . besid , a younger person will have lot of question relat to life in mani differ area . it is certain that not all of the question will draw the attent but the attract one will lead to discov the enjoy of the life . on a differ aspect , enjoy life risk your life in most of the activ and these activ requir a definit energi level . it can not be deni that as the person get older , the metabol of the bodi decreas in a continu manner . let 's consid the bunge jump , it is veri enjoy , but not suitabl for the old sinc it may not be suitabl for their health . in fact , the bodi , itself , doe not let the person do some enjoy activ . thu , sometim it may not be relat to lose of enthusa due to age of person . it limit the activ that can be done . moreov , as a person leav out do thi type of excit thing , it result in a continu cycl that lead to an ordinari life . to sum up , i think that enthusiasm make life more enjoy . besid , sometim due to some limit such as health , the peopl may not perform excit activ . moreov , when the peopl learn the answer of the question that are interest for them , they do not take part in enjoy of the life . although it may not be possibl due to limit of the life , the person should enjoy life .