idea creat imagin , creat creativ , creat an independ perspect . the human mind is more like adapt to an idea than a fact . so , i agre with the statement `` it is import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact '' first of all , i would like to present a descript of what idea and fact are ? idea are the outcom of the human enthusiast and exemplari brain process , on the other hand fact are mere prove and univers accept theori , led by the variou and respect scientist , biologist , academician , and philosoph . conceptualis thought and idea present an organis and extra ordinari imag of the brain work with the human sens prove to be equal creativ . idea produc imagin , which on a more groom level aris creativ in an individu . idea creat histori , innov . concept and idea combin creat new invent while fact are confin to what they mean . their is also liber in extend an idea and concept . for exampl the revolutuionari and celebr like mahatma gandhi , martin luther king , mother theresa , nelson mandela and not to forget the great adolf hitler , never reli on fact for get a mass histor transform and revolut , rather they all use their experienc and practic idea to implement and bring chang at the global level . idea , though can be perciev in differ way . for a student , i think ,, the most import way to relat to differ aspect of hi career is through hi reason abil and logic interpret which are enhanc outcom of the basic idea he or she cling on to . student , in the contemporari world like to be independ , practic and solut orient . henc at time fact can help them by prove inform and a short cut to major solut but final , it the idea which help a student in hi or her long term accomplish . an idea repetit creat an abil to think beyond certain limit , imbib certain aspir in a student . to fulfil these creativ and practic idea and to implement them in hi or her daili life , he or she can reach to greater height of success . thi mention success can be through an artist idea , a technolog idea , a philosoph idea , a mythic idea , or ani creativ instinct base idea . so , concud i strongli believ that an idea or a concept bring out that extraordinari individu in a student which a proof depend fact can not .