when determin whether a person is success or not , we all look at differ characteristc he ha or what kind of work he ha done . in the same way , some may think that success person come from onli do what he alreadi know how to do well . though some may think that take risk is too danger , i believ that mani success peopl tri new thing and becom succsess becaus of it . one of the reason i believ in such way is becaus i play sport , and i know that i have to take risk sometim to be success . one great exampl would be tiger wood , one of the best golfer to play the sport . he constantli take risk in everi shot he take , which is probabl whi he ha been the number one rank golfer for past sever year . anoth great exampl would be roger federr . sever year ago , onli few knew hi name . but now , almost everyon who watch or read sport relat articl know or atleast heard or seen hi name , as he the number one rank player in the world . he too take risk in hi tenni match , when he can just stay back and take simpl shot everi time . but , he doe not stay back and take simpl , easi and safe shot when he play . he take risk and gambl in order to trick and confus hi oppon . sever year ago , he wa critic for not be aggress enough with hi shot . in anoth word , he wa be too safe , not take ani risk . now he is probabl better at it than anybodi els , and that may be the reason he is veri success . anoth reason is becaus of the wright brother . if they did not make an airplan , where would we be right now ? if they just accept the idea that human can not fli , would we have airplan right now ? i believ their will to challeng new thing , and a tremend challeng , is incred , and that is whi they are regard as most influenci peopl in mani articl and book . if they did not challeng our old idea , they would not have been success , as they probabl would have stuck to their old job . whether one succe in sport , busi , or in some other way doe not matter . what matter is the path one take , and the mind set of one , and i believ all success share these characterist . i also believ that do what one alreadi know over and over will not make one success , as someon may be abl to the same thing just as well . to beat that person , one should alway challeng oneself and take risk to accomplish someth higher .