in today 's world advertis ha a realli big impact on our live . in fact , we usual think of advertis onli as a bore phenomenon that interrupt our favourit tv or radio program or pollut our street and underground-st with it commerci . but advertis is a much deeper phenomenon that involv our live , and mani could even swear that it is a kind of art . the import of advertis should not be underestim , as it can influenc even our way of live . thi happen through the need that commerci ad can creat . for exampl , if we see the newest and thinnest stylish modern colour last-gener mp3 player , we think that we need it , but we do n't buy it immedi . in fact , most of the peopl , call `` follow '' by market peopl , are not those who want to possess the newest commerci success , but those who want to have it as soon as it ha establish itself as a fundament gadget for the everyday life . it follow that a succes commerci make the advertis product appear as someth special , that make one be distinguish among other peopl becaus of some special featur , style , or sometim just the brand that hi or her object ha got . in my opinion , thi mean that the product itself is much less worthi than it seem to be to the crowd that stand in long line in order to possess it . howev , if thi stuff is truli import , is up to everybodi 's person feel . unfortun , sometim some product are even unhealthi , for instanc some kind of food , for the consum . those product can have a doubl neg impact on buyer . first , they could be damag , and second , they could even becom addict , as it could be in the case of alcohol , tobacco , some fast-food or sweet drink these product are therefor not onli wors , but even danger . therefor , in thi time of consum we are live in , everybodi should be veri care handl with advertis , as they can easili show us some aspect of a product and hide those that are not want by the mass , or even deliber tell us a lie about it peculiar . in conclus , i guess it is realli difficult sometim to resist to the power of advertis , but everybodi should tri to be a matur consum , awar of the risk of not consid all the aspect relat to our consumist behaviour , as advertis tri to make onli money . .