i believ all peopl may enjoy their live independ from their age becaus all of the life stage ha their own advantag and disadvantag . thu , i do n't agre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . assum that you 're 70 and you do n't have grandchildren . if have children of your children is import to you , then you wo n't be happi and wo n't be enjoy your life . furthermor , assum that you are in your twenti and you can not go to danc with your friend . again if it is relev to you , you wo n't be enjoy your life and age . on the other hand if you have all your expect from your age , then you 'll be the best person in the world and enjoy your life more than anyon in the world . first of all , it 's true that be young bring some advantag about enjoy life . like you 're energet , healthi and careless than old peopl do . travel , make sport and date are easi for you . howev , it ha disadvantag . you may travel more than an old person but in case if you have enough money and permiss . you can not shut the door and say to your parent that you 're go to a spiritu trip to india . they will ask you whi and most probabl they wo n't let you . be older ha also it disadvantag and advantag . when you are old , thi mean you are full of knowledg at least in one specif topic . moreov you have one-lif long experi . therefor , peopl like and want to talk to you due to get benefit from your knowledg and experi . you have lot of thing to tell such as your memori of childhood , experi in your work and all these funni and bad luck event . you have face more year of the world 's histori that youngster can not have a chanc to see . of cours , as a direct disadvantag of thi view , you will not be abl to see the next gener . to conclud , elder peopl may also enjoy life as much as young peopl for me . it 's sole about what you expect from life and what the life give to you . if they fit to one anoth , you will be enyoj your life at a maximum level whatev your age is .