in today world of inform overload the specialist are much more neccesari than the generalist in order to further take step in our technolog develop . fisrt off all although it neccesari to see the wide pictur when face with the problem the solut to the problem reli on specif knowledg of the problem . for instanc an academician with wide rang of knowledg in engin may easili realiz the problem in assembel a robot where knowledg from sever field engin is need much more quicker than a specif train engin who can point out the problem associ with hi special knowledg . with hi wide rang of knowledg he can say that the electr circuitrari is not work correctli . but in order the fix the problem he ha to need help from an electr engin . secondli a in today world inform is veri extens for one to collect and digest . peopl have to specilaz on one subject . the develop of technolog forc us to special in onet . in the earli day of human it is logic to expect an academician to know everyth about the all scienc field . but nowaday thing are get much more complic that one can handl . we have divers societi to mani field and wait them to commun each other . last but least you can see mani peopl have divers knowledg about all issu but not specifi in one of those . those peopl are not valu by the human and no one can rememb them in futur . for instanc a primari school teacher have to have broad knowledg of all scienc field . he is just the first step of the develop . although he is essenti for the maintain of the develop he can not add new brick to the scientif literatur . as you progress in your academ studi you can also realiz that academicien get more and more special . those academician are at the top of the develop that struggl for the research . those will be rememb becaus of their support to the scienc . all in all specialist are much more need in our societi where it is imposs for one to digest all inform . specialist are the peopl who we are bound to in technolog develop . i can not deni the import of the generalist but they just constitut the basic of the build . if we want to build new floor we have to promot specialist .