i absolut agre with thi statement . in my point of view nowaday young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . thi is due to the fact that life standard have chang a lot . young peopl have more possibl to spend their time in sever way , wherea old peopl do not have thi possibl . moreov old peopl do not enjoy do a lot of thing . wherea young peopl like to do sport , go to cafe and just sit there , go to club and danc and do a lot of funni thing , old peopl mostli get bore of those thing . i see the old peop in my environ , like my grandpar . they are sit all the day at home and do noth than watch tv or read newspap . they do n't like to talk a lot and they just want their calm , one ca n't be loud around them . they have reach all their goal in their life and have noth special or import to do . they got a lot of time , but they do n't spend it do nice stuff . in my experi young peopl just have to do someth , they do n't like it to sit at home all the time and do noth , it 's the most bore thing for young peopl . their life are just uncomplet , they have to make experi in everi case of life . becaus of thi they see life differ than old peol do . young peopl want to live life , they have to reach sever goal , like graduat school/univers , get a good job and have a good career . becaus of thi they live life differ . moreov the environ ha chang , young peopl have more possibl to do anyth , like go to club and danc or differ sport activ . becaus they 're young they want to have someth like an adventur in their life , so they spend their time differ , tri sever thing and spend their time use . in thi case i can talk about myself . i like it to tri new thing , evereyday is a new possibl for me to receiv someth new , to make a new experi , to learn more for my life . becaus old peopl have done most of these thing dure their young , they do n't have a lot of field of interest . even if they have special interest , they ca n't do much stuff , be old is hard , so their bodi is n't strong enough for a lot of activ . old peopl get tire quickli and becaus of thi they do n't like to do anyth hard . they mostli even do n't know how to spend their time . in thi case young peopl have luck , they mostli can do everyth they want to and they pure enjoy it . i 'm sure when i am old i wo n't enjoy life . in my opinion be young is the best thing which can happen , becaus everyth is than possibl .