now a day in thi globalis world peopl need fast mode of transport to move from one part of the world to other . in that process peopl will choos mani sourc of transport . car play on of the vital role in the transport in those mani sourc now in thi 20th centuri peopl are give a lot of import to time and they are tri to make their time to travel lesser . that is they are tri to see that they wast minimum time . and i hope thi busi life would becom even more in futur say after 20 year or after ani number of year . so peopl will not find themselv wast time . now mani of peopl are use car as their mode of transport and so due to the busi schedul in life they tri to use much more faster way to transport . that is they tri to find car which are much faster than the present age . in my opinion usag of car will ever increas but not decreas . in develop countri like unit state of america , unit kingdom and some other place peopl use car for mani reson . they use car for not wast their time in transport , and even prefer car for comfort journey . in develop countri and in under develop countri the peopl not onli maintain car for have a comfort journey but also peopl maintain car as a symbol of prestig . come to the point of protect we reciev from car we can protect ourselv from environment pollut like dust , smoke , frost , etc . and from climat condit like extrem cold , snow , rain . hot sun etc . mani can mention a point about extict of resourc like shortag of diesel , petroleum etc , may happen due to the extens usag of car . but onc we see that there are mani use through car , then we can do a lot of research work to find out other sourc for run the car . altern resourc are seen in such a way that the extict of petroleum product will not affect the uasg to car . and we cant even dream about the time were usag of car is reduc . one great exampl is that the rate of manufactur of the car is increas day by day . the compani of car manufactur product are also increas day by day . not onli just increas but also profit themselv with gain . so in view of all the abov mention condit one would prefer to purchas a car if he doesnot have ani , or to purchas anoth one if he alreadi have one . so obvious there will be increas in usag of car even in 20 year from now . and preciesli not onli just 20 year but also more number of year .