advertis ha been use by peopl in mani way to express their idea about an specif product or servic . it is a commerci way to commun the advantag of the articl or servic that are sell . is import to analyz the use of advertis in certain campa , becaus not allway the use some type of advertis is ethic aprov by pepl . advetis must reflect the real product or servic that the commun are tri to sell , there are some attribut that are hidden and that do not reflect the real product . first of all , the busi need some way to comun what they are sell , to achiev thi they have differ channel of commun , for exampl tv , radio , newspap and other print media . the person who creat thi type of messag need to convenc the potenti client , that thi product is go to solv their necess , in other way the advertis will lost it purpos . certain advertis campa , are design to catch te custom attent in a way that is not ethic accept for everi one , and thi is the case of the use of hide messag that goe directli to the subconci mind of the custom , that he or she can not perceiv . in some case , come peopl consid thi type of advertis as intrus , becaus it doe not give the opportun to the consum to decid if they receiv or no the messag , is someth like a `` mind pop up '' , where peopl receiv the inform when they are not ask for it . thi is a big issu relat with the ethic of advertis . in the other hand , and also relat with etic , is the fact that advertis doe not reflect what seller are realli sell . thi peopl hide some import attribut of the product that can caus a bad imag of it , for exampl , some custom want to buy a car that he o she saw in some media , the announc say that the car ha an special gide to local it global , and the person who is move around the usa , for instanc , desir that car becus it ha thi special item . what the custom doe not know is that thi special item is given onli for the first five unit sell . thi is a clear exampl that reflect how some peopl doe not agre with thi type of advertis that doe not reflect the realiti . advertis must use to give a clear imag of the product or servic that seller a sell , but it doe not impli that they have to use ani kind of strategi to achiev thi goal . consum must claim their right , becaus they are pay for it .