i do not agre to the statement . in my opinion success peopl do n't do new or differ thing . but they do thing in a differ maner than other which give them success . there are a lot of area that a person can explor in hi life . he dream to be someon in life that will take him to new height and new horizon . howev in thi process he undergo variou adapt , learn new principl . what matter success is the method in which it is attain . for birth of a new thing it not alway tri someth new will give success . it is the persever with which it is done . not all invent are success at the first time . for exampl thoma edison invent the bulb on hi hundredth attempt of hi experi . so in thi process no doubt he did invent the bulb which wa a great invent in that time . but at the same time he never gave up on hi plan and attempt by attempt he rediscov hi theori behind the electr bulb . there are mani scientist , archelogist , poet wo were not given the recognit they deserv on their invent . mani time they were discourag by the societi to bring about chang . so societi also mold life of a person . so in my opinion a person ha to leav behind all the block that tri to hinder hi perform . posit attitud also play a major role in anyon success . there are mani neg element in the societi which alway bring the maral of a person down . for success to happen a person ha to be dedic in hi aim . he should act accordingli to attain hi object . moreov tri new thing doe not alon bring success . the circumst in which a person attain hi plan of life also play a major role . there is alway a differ between a man that is self made and a man who ha readili got an establish from hi forefath . the self made man with hi motiv will tri to evolv into someth he alway want to be . he ha hi goal set and in the least favor condit he will move ahead with hi goal . howev a man who ha a readymad establish will tri to continu in the same statu . he would not tri to move ahead with the given foundat . henc onli a man who know the techniqu behind say busi manag or technic principl will be success . henc just tri out new thing and take risk need not alway bring success . instead a man can be significantli sucess if he tri to do thing he alreadi know in a differ maner . for exampl for a ball bear manufactur who ha a fix clientel can tri to expand hi busi by set up addit manufactur plant and increas hi clientel and the applic where the balll bear are use . there is a say in the busi manag world that `` not take a risk is also a risk '' . the time should be adequ and the should be calcul earlier . henc accord to me tri out new thing should be on the mind of everi individu but it should be accompani by variou qualiti as describ abov to make it a big success .