a lot of my friend complain that their parent are too bore . they tell that their parent are not interest in enjoy their leisur time . moreov , older peopl want that younger peopl enjopi their live becausethey have alreadi experienc a lot of enjoy in their youth . therefor , older peopl encourag younger peopl to enjoy life . i agre definit that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl . young peopl are enthousiast and vital to live an excit life . they tend to use opportun to travel ; and they want to experi differ thing . they want to know everyth . furthermor , they tend to get quickli bore so they go to parti . and they danc and go to concert . i am not differ . in my free time , i like to meet my friend , go to restaur , and more over . to enjoy life mean for the youth that they can experi and tri differ way of life . in contrast , older peopl are now much slower than young peopl . they do not want to act more than it is necessari but i can understand thi . i think when i get older i will becom more inact becaus i will have a famili , one or two children . i will want that my children enjoy their live . moreov , i will them give the possibl , so that they can do more thing . thi is becaus i do not want that they say later that they could not feel happi with their live . it would be terribl for me . it is interest how young peopl combin a free happi leisur time with busine . they becom even more success becaus they are limit in their activ like older peopl . my friend are all perfect exampl . a lot of them are succes in their career becaus they are happi and agil . enjoy life lead to satisfact . therefor , i think , becaus older peopl stop to enjoy life they becom more and more dissatisfi . there are two reason for me whi i think that young peopl enjoy their live . one reason is that they want to see and experi everyth . anoth reason is that they becom more succes with thi attitud . now , i enjoy my life , too , but i know that thi attitud will end in the futur not onli becaus of some chang in my life but also some chang in my attitud toward enjoy life .