a person that is successful or want to be successful like to tri new thing and take risk in life instead of do onli what they know they are good at . thi might be becaus a truli successful person know that an unend process of learn is what be successful is all about . when you tri new thing you learn and see thing you did not know about and your percept becaom wiser , your knowledg is expand . when you do someth onli becaus you know you are skill at it you are deni your your chanc to explor the other possibl and innov the world can offer . therefor , i consid my mom to be a veri successful and lawyer and human be . she is a person that ha travel to mani countri , and consequ ha been to three differ contin . she ha seen mani cultur , even experienc mani cultur and ha perceiv the definit of justic other countri have . she ha gain experi becaus of thi and implement it in her work , she even visit prison to get to know case and approach the venezuelan legal system a differ . all of these experi made her a successful lawyer that even work with the govern and defend well known offici of the govern . on the otherhand , one can be and want to be successful in mani aspect of life , especi , in one veri essenti which is love . my cousin had a crush on girl for three year and act like her best friend when in fact he love her . he wa an amaz friend and wa veri good in that posit , he resign to be that becaus he wa afraid if he told her hi feel she would reject him . final , after me and hi friend convinc him , he took the risk of ask her and tell her what he truli felt . she felt the same about , so by be strong and courag enough my cousin felt happi and veri successful . adquir experi by tri new thing sometim useful , sometim even a wast of time make you grow as a person and increas your knowledg . you more power in your life to make decis , embrac chang and know what happi truli is for you . to tri new thing you have to have courag , to be determin and to make risk . in take risk you can lose but can also win and know instead of wonder .