even if fact can chang depend on the topic , it is veri import for studen to learn them . in my opinion i would strongli desagre with thi statement . student alway open their mind to learn no matter what is that they are learn . for a studen to make a good argument in a thesi or in a topic he or she will have to be abl to have clear idea and concept , but at the same time learn some fact to support their answer . as an exampl to identifi whether or not a student is use his/her knowledg properli would be what happen on septemb 11 . when the two plane crash on the two commerc build in new york . some idea could give the student some understand of what had occur on that terribl moment , same as some concept that most peopl would give to describ what happen . but , for a student to clearli anal thi incid some fact will have to be given . fact are part of the histori that we as human be make everyday . no matter what happen around the world , fact will alway be there to help us describ , understand and let us give our opinion . not all the time student will have to learn fact as they will have to understand idea and concept , but in my opinion they might go togeth . a good reason for these three thing to be togeth is that ; you can not understand and idea without have a good concept , you can not describ a concept without have ani fact that prof it and you wo n't be abl to fulli understand fact if you do n't know how to develop idea and use your concept . anoth exampl will be leonardo da vinci . he had to support hi idea and concept by have fact to understand . what would have happen if he put to much red colour in mona liza 's lip ? there is a fact that deal with the consequ of our action . da vinci would have had to think about scientist fact befor start hi new invent . the time will go by and we will all develop a new way of life . our capac to think will chang for better and our way to studi will have to chang too . until that time come we must use our own resours to learn and understand whatev it is that we are talk about . alway understand idea and concept and use your learn fact to make sure that what you are say is right . student alway know what is the better way to learn .