the world is chang from day to day at a veri fast pace . form the time when man use noth but hi foot to travel he ha reach a stage where he cover the same distanc that he could befor in a much smaller time . technic advanc and man 's thirst for more knowledg made these thing possibl . well , 20 year back from now in my countri peopl use bullock cart , hors and man-pul transport more than car . so , chanc are fair that 20 year from now man will use fewer car for he might find a better altern to it !! with thi note i would like to agre with the fact that 20 year from now , there will be less car on the road . in today era there are alreadi too mani car on the road flood everi nook and corner of the citi and the outsid of the citi with equal intens . the mode of transport that wa believ to be the fastest till yeaterday had becom the caus for the delay in most peopl travel schedul . whi ? .. whi not ? how mani time have we come across situat when we start realli earli from home to meet someon or to keep up an appoint but , to our vain we find a road full of car wait for us to give them compani . in ani case even if the first hurdl is clear we get to face anoth hurdl ` the red light signal ' and befor you realis you are alreadi too late to keep up your appoint . thi problem is face by most of us . to overcom thi , the upperclass peopl prefer to travel by a privat jet of a helicopt rather than take a road . while today it might be a transport of the higher class , 20 year is a long period to bring down the cost of air journey consider , so much so that even middl class will be abl to afford it . result in fewer car on the road . the second reason for the contribut of less number of car on the road could be the scarciti of natur resourc . while we all know how much petrol and desel is be burnt up everi day in fuell billion of car all around the world , while the resourc are veri less . it could be firmli anticip that after 20 year there might not be much fuel left to ignit all the car . the countri might take charg of the whole resourc and use it onli for the countri 's experiment and space reasearch . the countri would then encourag it peopl to use the publich transport such as buse and tram which would requir consider less amount of fuel expenditur . it might also emphas on electric-rail travel . thi would account for fewer car on the road . the third reason might be the spread awar of pollut among the youth . the youth of today is the futur power . it is seen that the children of today are veri understand and more inclin to understand their environ and problem connect to them . there is spread awar among the youth about live in a better place while leav enough resourc for the gener to come . thi might lead to a revolut where peopl would prefer to travel in a more natur friendli mode than car . thi can alreadi be seen among peopl of today . they tri use their bike or walk to nearbi distanc and travel in group to school so that onli one car need to be fuel . thi attitud might take a wider turn after 20 year result in fewer car on the road . in all the way state abov the ultim result would be fewer car . even if thi is not the the ultim result we should work for it to becom the ultim result . so that we can make our world a better place to live by avoid global warm and pollut .