there is not doubt that whether young peopl enjoy more than old peopl do ha becom more controversi in today 's modern sociti . as a matter of fact , thi issu deal with a lof of differ aspect . specif , there are no univers answer to thi question . depend on differ element such as social influenc , person interest , educ background and etc , the answer of differ peopl may vari greatli . as far as i am concern , i vote that yong peopl do not enjoy life more than old peopl . in the follow paragraph , i would like to explict my view from sever perspect . in the first place , the import reason in support of my view is that young peopl encount more or at least the same amount of the physic problem than the older peopl do . both scientifc studi and empir experi show us that physic problem are in propot to the technolog level . therefor , with these problem , young peopl have to deal with these new problem befor they can enjoy their life , name , they will not have the same opportuni to enjoy life . for exampl , with the internet invent , young peopl have to deal with all the techinc problem in constrct the network or in maintain the network . but , for those older peopl , they can enjoy their life without think how thi new monster bring about the c . in the second place , young peol have to bear more social burden than the old peopl . social burden manifest themselv in term of social chang . for today 's young peopl , let 's say in china , the societi is pentrat into an age societi . with one child polici , the countri will say one young coupl have to sustain at least four parent or their famili member . accordingli , young peopl can not have much time to enjoy life as the older peopl do . in the third place , admittedli , young peopl could face more opportunit to leav a happi life , for exampl , the joy that internet bring us . some peopl , accordingli claim that the yong enjoy life more their older peer . here we part compani . they igonr the import fact that the the appear of internet is onli the result of modern technolog . as a result , young peopl have to handl all the brand-new challeng that the older peopl are never face . we can not lost sight of the obviou defict that those peopl hold their conclus . in conclus , the topic that whether young peopl enjor life more than older peopl do will be continu argu . howev , as the comprehens stuy discuss abov , i can safe draw the conclus that young peopl do not enjoyb life more than older peopl do .