i agre that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . it is quit easier for student to learn fact than to understand idea and concept . hypothet speak , student learn some theori or phenomenon in a certain academ field and they have to take a test about it . here is a student who just memor the fact which a teacher explain in the classroom . thi student doe not tri to understand the main idea and concept about it at all , but believ that he or she know everyth that the teacher explain for test . the other student tri to understand the main idea and concept for the test , but he or she doe not memor the whole note . as for the result of the test , the first student and second one can have the same grade or the first student who memor the fact can have a higher grade than the other ; i think it depend on the question which the teacher ask for the test . no matter what grade two student get for the test . no matter who get higher grade . the import matter is that the first student who learn fact can not appli what he or she learn for other relev academ field and also when the student goe to a colleg for the advanc educ , he or she will have troubl with have own thought and idea relat with what he or she learn . it is the reason that the student doe not know how to understand the main idea and concept and also doe not know how to think about them to make them as own thought and idea . the student can eat the appl when someon give to him directli , but if it is not , he or she can not eat it becaus he or she doe not know how to pick . on the other hand , the other student who keep studi as tri to understand idea and concept can develop the concept that he or she learn befor while studi at colleg becaus he or she know how to make the idea and concept as own and how to think and appli them for the further or relev academ field . thi student know how to pick up the appl now , so he or she doe not need to wait for someon who give . whenev he or she want to eat it , the student take the appl from the tree and eat it . consequ , when student realli want to learn someth for their own , they have to understand idea and concept first .