regard the statement , success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well , i agre with thi idea . there are a coupl of reason . do onli what they alreadi know how to do well in the life could not make ani creat think and idea and could not reach ani good chanc to go up more higher statu of their positoin or money and more excit . the decis and careful think and consider for feasibl and risk take analysi to do new thing will be crucial . and peopl alway age and grow overtim , then peopl must reflect someth new into their life , otherwis they get bore and get easili tire of it , then get sometim mental problem . in my experi and background , my major wa basic in litratur . and i wa offic assist in a compani at first instanc after the colleg . later , i challeng the new job posit , financ and account aim for us . cpa , then i broke through thi chang and my busi and work complet chang . i took a risk if i could achiev the profession qualfic , such as us . cpa . becaus i had no background of thi major and enough experinec . i had to spend tone of time to studi to pass it , simultan , i work hard as a new posit which i did not have enough experi . then , my career develop and good promot happend after coupl of year hard work and pass the exam . i believ that peopl sometim should take a risk . in anoth my experi , i marri with american man which mean i had to immigr into the u. quit my success job in japan leav my life in japan and famili and friend . thi decis and judgement were not easi if i should be abl to be happi and success in my life . howev , i am current happi in my new life know new thing , new peopl , new countri , new cultur . i believ that these thing will make me also grow that will lead also success in the futur . in conclus , the life should sometim be excit and explor new thing rather than do what they alreadi know how to do well . your life can be meaning if you tri to new thing and take risk . by grow and age , peopl need to grow know new thing in their life which mean you would have to take some smaller or bigger risk .