when a compani design or manufactur a product they need to be advertis . advertis is a way which help peopl to know about the new product in the market . when peopl come to know about the product , the sale increas . thi is the moto of the compani which are manufactur the product : incres their sale . but are these compani advertis the product in the same way as it is to be ? i do not think so . to increas sale these compani show their product in a veri appeal way so that the custom will buy them . first , mani advertis we come accross hire a famou person . thi is one way of get the attent of custom about the produt . usual , when these famou personalit tell about the product mani do not actual think about the product rather they psycholog relat themselv get bind to the famou person . as , hi or her favourit person is shown with the product they think it is best . actual it might not be true . addit , the advertis use the newer technolog to make the product more visual impress so that the custom can buy it . a bowl which is made up of clay can be demonstr veri artist by place a beauti background and on a clean tabl and flower besid it . even though it is a simpl clay bowl , due to thi demonstr peopl think it can give the same impress when they buy it and arrang in the same fashion . but thi might not be true becaus , they could have use the graphic to get the background of that advertis . final , sometim the advertis do not say about the diasadvantag of a product . usual advertis put the good qualiti in front of the coustmer . so the custom may not be awar of the other face . for instanc when i had bought a rice cooker after see an advertis ( in fact i wa veri impress of how it wa shown and the advantag of use that ) . later i realis that i had bought a bad one becaus it wa n't convin . it wa difficult to clean . so somtim the advertis do not say about the bad qualiti of the product as , the reason for advertis is to improv the sale . in concluss , advertis help to get to know about a new product in the market but they are usual shown to impress the custom to increas their sale . so , peopl should be abl to think about the disadvantag and fact about the product and make their choic .