face challeng are a sure way to becom success . in the age of inform and technolog , mani copor take risk to win over the competit against other compani . stay convent and not invent creativ method would be more like to result in failur . likewis , the indivudu success is similar becaus challeng allow one to expand new opportun and receiv lesson from the experi . it is extrem rare for peopl to becom success without challeng in their life . in order to be know a varieti of option to success , tri new thing is indispens for succes peopl . most of the time , challeng may often contain possibl risk of failur due to the unfamiliar or mistak . that is whi in mani societi there are a certain number of the rich and the poor . those who are fear of new chang would more like end up do the same thing day by day , not have ani chanc of find out new option to becom success . my famili went to la vaga and play casino . my father who wa will to risk hi money wa abl to enjoy a casino game . eventu , he got 3 time as much money as he orgin had . likewis , although there are some risk , it is common way to becom success experi from challeng quicken the path of success . peopl who tri for new challeng often make mistak ; as a result , they may fail . howev fail for the first time doe n't mean failur for the rest of hi try-out . each time one fail , he may learn a valuabl lesson as to what not to do . also fail sometim come with a strong emot that it definit emphas a lesson by remors over and over . a friend that i know also risk hi life tri to copi a homework from someon els . unfortun , he wa caught by teacher and got an f. after that , he did n't dare to copi anoth person 's homework . if hi luck turn out good and succeed in do so , he would get a satisfi score and would continu to copi . howev , my friend learn a valuabl lesson as to what not to do . chanlleng are neccessari to surviv in thi world . the characterist of challeng are benefiti in that it allow individu to find out a new path to go for success and gain valuabl lesson from experi . challeng facilit one from a road to success .