some peopl agre that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . other peopl disagre with the statement . person , i think that young peopl do enjoy life more than older peopl do for sever reason . young peopl have more strength , hope , and friend . first of all , young peopl have more physic strength than older peopl do . for exampl , young peopl can go swim in summer , and go ski in winter . howev , older peopl , such as peopl around eighti , can not swim or ski anymor due to their physic strength . especi , sport like ski are danger to them . if they fall off , they might break their bone sinc they are not strong enough as they use to be . furthermor , young peopl can travel around and walk whole day long . when young peopl go to other countri to travel , they can go to mani place and enjoy the place as much as possibl ; howev , older peopl easili get tire and can not move around as young peopl do . they spend their time in hotel which is not veri excit . in addit to have physic strength , young peopl have hope and dream toward their futur . for instanc , young peopl studi hard and tri their best in order to achiev their dream . even though they face some difficulti , they do not give up . young peopl have bright futur ; therefor , they put their effort into everyth to creat and chang their futur . on the other hand , older peopl can not chang their futur that much anymor . they get up and eat and go to bed again . their daili life cycl would not chang anymor . therefor , i think their life is much more bore than young peopl 's . lastli , young peopl have more chanc to get to know mani peopl , and they can make mani friend who sure make their live more excit . for exampl , when they go to school , there are mani classmat , and when they go to compani , there are mani co-work . all the peopl they meet definit have some influenc on them . when they have someth happi , they can share their happi to other peopl . furthermor , when they have some difficulti with anyth , peopl around them might be abl to help them . young peopl learn import thing from peopl around them as they grow up . it is clear that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . they know how to entertain themselv by have more strength . they know how to creat better live with hope by work hard . they are influenc and inspir by mani friend and peopl around them .