it is often be said that older peopl do n't take advantag of life as much as we , youngster , do . well , you can not deni that , when you reach a certain age , you can no longer do thing you use to do when you were in your sweet sixteen . as a matter of fact , i am quit sure everi singl person ha , at least onc in hi or her life , alreadi heard an old person say bitterli : `` oh , what i would n't do if i were your age ! '' is that to mean that life is n't worth live when grow old ? i shall refut thi statement , by show that older peopl enjoy life in a differ manner , compar to youngster . firstli , i have to say that , when you are grow older and when your health is get wors , it is veri understand that you are no longer attract by do the `` crazi thing '' young peopl are nowaday so keen on , you were mayb use to do when you were young . enjoy life is not onli about go to discothequ everi night , experi new thing such as take drogu and so on and so forth . it is true that enjoy life doe n't onli reli on extrem activ , and one should n't understim the fact that old peopl may be not abl to do the simplest thing , such as go for a ride on a bike , and they may be suffer from thi . yet , i think that older peopl do n't enjoy their life the same way the youngster do , they just enjoy it differ . that is whi i do n't think that older peopl are not bound to live with their memori and it is a mistak to think that they are not abl to enjoy life . when you reach a certain age , you get to appreci other thing , such as tranquil , famili , all the thingsth that you were n't abl to take fulli advantag of when you were young , mainli becaus of your job be too demand and to time-tak . as a result , all depend on the definit you make out of the express `` enjoy life '' . if you defin it as enjoy the most crazi thing of life , then , no , the elderli doe n't enjoy life . but if you defin it as take profit of each of the raptur life can give , then , ye , the age is not an obstacl .