i do agre with the fact that it 's more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is to understand fact . i base thi agreement basic in person experi , but also becaus it ha been prove that it 's the best way of learn thing . that doe n't mean that we have to avoid fact and leav them to concret moment , sometim fact are use in a special ocass , but it 's common that fact are forget than gener concept . it 's like build a hous . it 's import to have a toilet in the hous , or a bed . but if the hous ha n't got a solid structur , the bed or the toilet do n't mean anyth , becaus they 're go to be destroy one way or anoth . but if the structur is solid , the hous will remain in it place and the toilet will be abl to be in the place a toilet ha to be . sometim , it 's go to have problem , like everyth and everyon , but it 's go to be there . when a person is learn a new thing , whether if it 's a new concept or a whole new subjetc , it 's necessari for that person to have some clear idea befor introduc ani more inform in hi head . the person need a map of the new thing in hi brain . the risk will be that if those gener idea are not clear , the one that are go to come after are go to be forgotten , becaus the person doe n't know where to situat them . if the idea are clear , the person is go to asimil the fact easier and it 's go to be harder for him to forget them . for exampl , about some month ago i had to learn how to use an edit program call avid . the fist lesson that i took were a chao , nobodi undestood how that program work out , and when the teacher show us special featur insid it , we end the lesson worst than befor , becaus we were abl to see a whole mess of a program with no order insid it . in the moment we learn how to use the program , how the differ format work , we were abl to use all it special featur . and not onli that but now we 're learn anoth postproduct program , and what took us about two month to learn with the avid , took us three lesson with the new one , just becaus we had in our mind the gener idea of how postproduct program work .