swamp with commerci and advertis in our daili live , one might wonder whether a product 's qualiti realli correspond to the one be put forward by the ad or promot . although legal , compani can be held respons for fals advertis , i believ that most of the sale and market campaign for product do not reflect the real charact of the product in question . first of all , the prais outcom of for instanc clean product , can be question , as they deem to be veri littl effect for the actual purpos . spot remov product are particularli known for thi . although tv commerci highli recommend their use , real-lif result tend to be rather frustrat . an ink spot or tomato sauc stain on your favorit yellow summer dress resist despit your desper attempt of remov it with the highli suggest product . unfortun , one can not blame the compani , as the small print on the product usual allow for mani loophol regard the interpret of a product 's effect . furthermor , ad-campaign , especi on tv or in the movi theatr , incit the viewer to step into a dreamland and do not reflect realiti . by present a product , such as a sport util vehicul ( suv ) , as indestruct , indefeat and magnific , it may trigger hidden desir in potenti custom . yet , it is not import whether the product will be abl to fulfil all the advertis qualiti . in other word , the consum , who will end up purchas the item , will most like not need all the function ( e.g. four-wheel ) if the suv is be use in an urban set onli . nonetheless , it is import for the sake of the custom to maintain that dream aliv . anoth argument , which support my hypothesi is relat to weight-watch product . it might be true that a person is abl to lose a great amount of weight within the promot time frame ; howev , thi is rather a transient result . in fact , most of the time , custom who tri such product befor , have found themselv with twice the weight they had befor . thu , the ad wa onli meant to effect short-term outcom , rather than long-term relat result . in sum , the problem which advertis are face is a `` catch 22 '' . while they need to promot and even enhanc the qualiti and capac of a product in order to incit consum to buy it , they tend to exagger and paint an inaccur pictur of it real skill , which can lead to frustrat consum experi .