in my hometown today , it would be difficult to get home time after work , sinc the traffic is so horribl that there is no day without a traffic jam . the over amount of car today should take a big respons to the most traffic problem . howev , i do agre with the statement that hte car number would decreas great in the next twenti year , for the follow reason . first , the sens of enviro protect is grow more popular today . we can see a lot of slogan and programm on tv about the environ protect . besid the way of broadcast , mani other way are emloy to get thi idea into the mind of peopl . for exmapl , in the last month , my commun ha held a competit in the knowledg of way how to protect enviro . a major of peopl in my commun took part in thi compet , from which we not onli have learn a lot of knowledg , but also carri a nition to make less polut to our mother land and river . one demonstr evid of thi claim is that i began to notic how the car would do ill to the atmospher , and start to recommend my friend to buy car with less oil consum and less ga exhaut . in the next twenti year , i believ that most peopl would take a stong opinion against the car drive , especi against car with big oil consm amount , so they would prefer to take other vehicl instead of car . second , with the develop of technolog and with the bigger budget in the traffic , i hold the opinion confid that that public traffic would be improv in a great extend . for exampl , the light railcar which is now avail in the big citi , such as shanghai and beij would be avail to most citizen in citi of china . accord to my own experi , it is much convenien and faster than ani other traffic vehicl when travel in the center of citi , includ car . ad with the point that it can carri a huge number of peopl , light railcar would certainli be a good replac to car . besid , with an eye to the rapid innov in everi aspect of life , there is great possibl that a new kind of vehicl would be produc . in conclus , although now in mani place , the number of car are still increas in a fast pace , i hold fast to my posit that the number of car would diminish consideder in the next twenti year , with the increas of civil and technolog method .