the most import thing in the life must be the success i think . i alway believ that if i have a job assign to me , i have to do the best . thi is not onli about my reput but also my compani 's reput too . i want to give a person exampl , i have a senior project to finish until may , and i am the project manag of thi project . there are three other member of our team . when thi duti first assign to us we were supris becaus develop a new softwar is not easi and in addit to that we exactli know noth about our subject . our supervisor say : `` i believ in each of you but the project is realli hard , do not be upset , work hard you can handl with it . '' first thing we could do as a team is to divid the project into group and discuss which one of us have handl with the subgroup . i choos the subject i exactli do n't know what it is and what i should do . after that , i went to a softwar compani and talk with the manag to help me about my research and becom our sponsor . i also ad that when the project finish he can use it legal and he ha the patent of the project . he say that he doe not want to join us becaus if he take that risk and if we do not success hi reput will get hurt . after that i went to the compani which i wa have my internship there last year and my manag told me that he and the compani want to supervis and support our project . he take a huge risk becaus we are not graduat from school and we do n't have enough experi to finish the project . now , we almost finish the project , there is onli some test left . the project is veri success until now . our project ha uniqu properti and will be the base for other project in the softwar industri . my manag told me that they are go to buy the project after it is legal approv by patent instut and he also ad that we did a good job . he ha some question in hi mind and not sure from us at the begin . but he is happi and he is proud of us now . thi statement is absolut true success peopl are not afraid of to tri new thing and take risk . if peopl onli do what they alreadi know how to do well there is absolut no progress in anywher .