whether most advertis make their product seem much better than they realli are ? differ peopl have differ opinion becaus of differ way of think and experi . as for me , it is true that advertis alway exagger their product and tri their best to attract custom . whi do i think so ? becaus i have my real unhappi experi . for exampl , you can see the advertis about shampoo everday . in the tv , the femal star display their beauti hair proundli and the shine hair is so realist that everyon believ that he or she can have such beauti hair as long as he use the product . so am i. my hair is brown , not straight and not black enough . so i bought one of the product to improv my hair , dream oneday to display my beauti hair to my husband . but , the effect wa not so obviou as the advertis announc . i wa realli dispoint and today my hair is still not shin and brown . here is also one real case of my friend 's . everyon want to be tall and handsom , but my friend is short and she is realli upset abouth that . someday , she saw a great advertis about a new type medic devic which can increas your height . the advertis also gave a lot of sucess case to confirm peopl that the medic machin realli doe work . it even promis that custom can take their money back if the devic is ineffect . my friend wa move by the advertis , rush out of the door and took one home from the compani . she put on the devic everday just as the explain manul of the devic told her . one month past , two month , then half a year , my friend wa still short as she wa . when she decid to return the medic devic to the compani and took her money back , she found that the compani wa not exist anymor . mayb some peopl will think that it is just a small percent of advertis which cheat custom . but is there ani natur or thorough differ between cheat and exagger ? everday there are peopl such thing happen to . for exampl , `` perfect `` comput softwar make pc collaps tottal , `` unshrink '' fabric make cloth still shrink after wash . obvious , most advertis do make product seem much better than they realli are