look at the televis , newspap , book , or even our own environ , we can easili view success peopl who live a valuabl and meaning life . some may argu they mere did what they alreadi knew how to do well . howev , two success model , tyra bank and ki-man lee , contradict the idea . first , tyra bank took a new step to be a model when she could have just gone to the colleg she wa alreadi accept . when she wa onli seventeen year old , tyra bank decid to take a new step : be a model . she immediatley goe to pari in franc and look for opportun . howev , it wa not easi as it sound . she live in a small apart , cramp with twenti other model , away from her famili . everyday , in oder to get a job , she will go to twenti five agenc a day , and will be on time for everi singl one of them . after all the hardship she went through , she final had a contract with an aganc in pari and start to begin her career . of cours , she continu to tri her best at everi situat , and final becam known to the public after seveal year . now , she is one of the most note , admir , and respect model in the world . she is now view as a successful model possess intellig and matur . second , ki-man lee took a new step of be a model when he wa onc a wrester who weight 230 pound . as a young boy , ki-man lee alway dream of be a model . but it wa onli a dream for him , sinc he wa a profession wrester who wa far from have a model bodi . when he wa 27 year old , howev , he decid to achiev hi goal . at first , peopl derid him for even think about such a goal . but no one could stop him . by hard work , he lost 100 pound and fled to pari . like tyra bank , he visit numer agenc and wa eventu accept . he then expand hi career to be a runway model in the most note fashion runway . now , he is a famou and success model in franc , where peopl admir him for hi determin and ambit . in short , tyra bank and ki-man lee transfer from do what they alreadi know ho to do , to attempt new thing . thi enabl both of them to be success and respect model . peopl are meant to be success if they take risk and tri new thing becaus they have the courag and determin to take a new step .