which is more impoprt for student ? idea and concept , or fact . it is a controversi issu that whether student should understand idea and concept or directli learn from experi . depend on person experi , person type and emotin concern , differ peopl may have differ choic , becaus both side have their advantag and disadvantag . student may decid which way is better depend on what they are learn . idea and concept are the base of ani subject . first of all , they summar the thoeri of one subject which make learn deepli possibl . for instanc , if you studi math , you have to learn the formula , law and rule first . without these idea and concept , you could not resolv ani mathmat problem . second , idea and concept make your studi process more effect . in the progress of learn , you will know on what stage you are and what will be the next . third , ideal and concept can prove and examin what your studi . take the same exampl of stude math , after you resolv a problem , you may use the math law and formula to prove whether it is right or wrong . on the other hand , idea may be bore , not as interest as the visual effect . and fact are more real and convinc factor for the student to understand and rememb what they learn . let 's see the graduat student major in mba , they learn mani busi term and rule about compet , managemet and market , but they wll not realli understand them unless they work as a internship for a while in a compani . so that , experi are the best illustr and these fact are hand on experi which will benefit you for the long time . from anoth view , sometim the fact mayb not so typic to be a good statement of what you learn from concept . for exampl , you were in a small poor compani less of regul and cultur . in gener , understand idea and concept and learn fact , both have their advantag and disavantag , we can not say which one is more import if we contempl all these factor . from my poin tof view , the best way of learn is combin these two method , becaus we can not get most effect result without ani of them .