the world is made up differ peopl , those who are risk taker and those who do onli what they know or those who onli do what they are told to do . but what make peopl success in life ? is it the fact that some of them are will to take risk or simpli becaus other will onli and simpli go by what they are told or what they know . what are the characterist of success peopl ? someon who is success ind is someon who is alway will to go beyong what he is be told to do . usual a risk taker will develop new idea , will find new strategi and new way to better explain a situat or an experi . for exampl , a student who is will to go further in an experi in order to find a respons to a question or a problem will more like succeed than anoth student who doe not . the student who is will to go anoth mile will probabl find answer to the problem that he is encount in an experi . the risk taker usual succeed in life and in everyth they do . i say usual becaus it is not alway true in everi case . a good exampl of a risk taker is someon is someon who will travel to an unknown countri not know where exactli he or she wil be go . go to an unknown countri is quit challend . the fact that you do not know the cultur , the obstacl that you may encount throughout your journey , make it a risk . howev , it is a new environ , a new cultur and the person will certainli learn from that experi . in ani case whether it is good or bad , i believ there is alway a lesson to learn from everi experi . the person who take it upon him or her to learn a new languag or live in an environ other than hi or her origin one will morelik be success becaus he or her would learn so much from that experi . rather a person who do not want to tri anyth new , will alway be confin in the same environ and wo n't be subject to anyth new . by take risk you may develop new skill , that you never thought you had . but how would you know the strength and the qualiti that you have if you are not will to give it a tri . i definit beleiv that success oepl are the one who are will to take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know . be a risk taker is what teach you new thing , and make you develop new skill and aptitud that you were probabl not awar of .