in order to sell a product the first thing you have to do is advertis it , to make it known by the peopl , otherwis they product wo n't be sold , doe n't matter if it is good or bad . in the next paragraph i am go to explain whi i consid advertis make product seem much better than they actual are and whi compani do thi . first , we have to consid the subject of advertis as a branch or subdivis of market , in other word market use advertis to promot the product or servic the compani trade . in order to make the product popular , the market , publicist and public compani have to make the product veri attract sometim over highlight the product 's featur and benefit . sometim they creat multimillonair campaign to promot product that are not necessarilli the best in the market . for exampl in eastern europ a coupl of year ago , they make a veri big promot campaign for one car , the dacia . the ad said that is wa a cheap car , the `` car for the peopl '' they state , that is wa veri econom , that have a tradit european design and that it will be the best deal for famili and young peopl . what they did n't mention wa that altough it nice exterior design , the interior wa veri poor and cheap , and even more seriou , that car need a lot of visit to the mechan after the first 100.000 mile . as a result a lot of peopl wa unsatisfi and agri with the compani that told them that wa the best option around . furthemor , when we consid advertis to make product look good , we just have to watch the tv commerci , or the internet where compani promot their product in a veri glamour way sometim . we can see beauti model , actor or actress talk about a product or servic that is not realli as good as it seem . for instanc , recent a friend of mine wa interest in a comput he saw on the internet , the design seem veri nice , with a wide screem and a lot of softwar instal . after a few month the oper system stop work well and that comput did n't come with the origin system back up disk , so he have to pay a lot of money to get it fix to the same compani that sold it to him . as a conclus , nowaday in the market we can find a veri wide rang of product that seem to be perfect and that last forev . the true is that is not alway the case and we alway have to tri someth befor we buy it in order to verifi what the seller promess just to sell more unit .