technolog ha revolution our live i.e. the way we live , the way be preceiv . . everyth ha chang with the advent of modern innov . we have becom accustom to thi technolog in our everyday live be it a referiger , wash machin , radio etc . in fact it is imposs to think life without these thing . modern technolog ha given us pace . it ha develop modern mean of transport for fast movement . the car , train and areoplan etc all are gift of technolog car . thi is a quit familiar name in day to day life . in fact everi middl class home own atleast one car , car ha becom more of a necess in today 's life . moreov , to a some degre it also ha becom a sort of statu commod . but that doe not hide the imprtanc of car in in our day to day life . in life where time is everyth car are one of the fastest mean of transport . car are requir at famili outing . thu car is an indispens part of our day to day life . but , although technolog ha aid us , it is also lead to danger result . take for an instanc , technolog ha made live more comfort result in declin in health problem and cosequ increas in popul . thu thi larg popul is a larg pressur on our resourc . our oil resourc are deplet at a rapid rate and perhap be exhaust in anoth thirti year or so . with their exhaust , car , which run on petrol , will be of no use to us thu declin resourc ha forc us to look for altern which employ better util of these resourc . thu the railway , tram come into pictur . in fact twenti year will now , there will be fewer car in use then there are today . with the scarciti of petroleum product , it would becom quit difficult to afford a car at that time . the peopl will go for cheaper mean of transport . now a day peopl ha becom awar of thi thing and alreadi have start use public transport more often . thu the car purchas ha fallen . in twenti year time the exist car would be dispos off due to the finish of their util period . thi will also see an declin in number of car . thu it ha been clearli prove in the passag that with declin petroleum product , car quantiti would fall in the time period to come