young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do ? . in my opinion i total agre with thi statement and there are mani reason whi . one of the reason is becaus i think young peopl have more free time for themselv to enjoy , go out with friend , go out to eat , movi , etc . sometim we think that be a teenag is not easi and we think that the adulthood life is better , becaus we do n't have to go to school and memor all the differ stuff that we need to know for a test or even a simpli quiz . young peopl enjoy most of the thing they do , and i say thi becaus i am a teenag . i love to go to school becaus i know that even thought i am at school studuy , i know that i will se my friend and talk to them . i also love to go to the movi , eat , spend time with my famili and special go to church . young peopl have mani fun activ to do . they have alot of free time to spend either at work , have fun or just at home watch tv . there are mani thing that i ca n't even think of . most of the time young peopl get involv in youth group , school club where they do differ fun stuff in order to not onli have fun , but also learn someth from what they are do . i think adulthood is total differ becaus i dont think older peopl have fun as young peopl do . one of the reason is becaus older peopl are alway work their butt off in order to give their famili and kid all the thing they need . everyday of their life they are either work , or do someth about work or home . they bare have time for themselv becaus they are too busi do other stuff . some peopl dont have time to see each at least one time a day becaus they are too busi do other stuff . i think that everyon deserv a time to spend with friend and have fun becaus you are not alway go to be work becaus sometim you get too stress that you get sick . in my opinion is veri fun to spend some qualiti time with your famili and friend onc in a while , it doe n't matter if you are young or older , becaus i think everyon deserv some free and fun time .