it might be confus at first , or might be obviou that `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do '' , but i disagre on thi matter . it can not be contradict that youth is full of exit , experienc new thing and have a somewhat careless approach toward life becaus of the lack of respons , but in my view , it is onc someon ha gone through all of thi that they can final enjoy life . one of the most import matter prove thi point is all of the disapoint experienc dure youth . at a young age , we all are convinc that everyth is for the best . we have unrealist dream , and exceedingli high expect from everyon who surround us . we live in thi euphoria , in a perfect world veri much like the peac garden of eden . then , everyon goe through the unevit cours of life where we are disapoint , fool and put back on earth . it doe sound terribl but it is onli a natur stage in life . we realiz that our parent and sibl are not perfect , that our friend are not perfect . we experi our first harsh heartbreak . dure adolesc we often live through an akward phase of discomfort with our own selv and do not seem to accept the person we are . all of these stage are build block to make us into the person we end up be and accept to be as an adult . the path we need to go through to find who we are is one of the reason whi i do n't believ that young poepl enjoy life more than older peopl do . onc we do arriv to the point of adulthood , which i have not person reach but have observ through my parent and other adult around me , we final accept who we are . we look back on event or poepl that supris us , that disapoint us or that satisfi us in the past and realis that often those help us becom who we are or in some case are so insignific . be an adult , onc a person defin who they are and know who they are in their societi , it is onli then that they can realli enjoy life . when we have been disapoint and have discov everyon 's true color is when we are final comfort , and unless we feel comfort we can not enjoy life and do everyth we realli want to do . everi stage in life is a beauti one , although it is sometim hard , but to me adulthood is realli the stage we enjoy .