the twenti first centuri is the era that lot of discoveri done for the sake of the human-b . thi is done by scientif improv in lot of area . but how are these improv done ? by the scientist know thing about mani subject or by the scientist special to onli a singl area . sinc lot of special subject about a singl topic could be seen nowaday , it must be note that improv done by the special scientist . first of all , if we think of the histori of scienc , the scientist of that era had idea abut lot of issu such as mathemat , physic , chemistri and so forth . howev , one sould keep in mind that there were fewer thing discov until that time for that era . as a result ; even though the previou scientist were not be special to one area , that doe not mean that today 's discoveri have not been done by special scientist . as mention befor , lot of subject could be observ about a special topic or area . for instanc , if we think of electr and electron , one could be drown in lot of area which are telecommun , electromagnet wave , power electron and so forth . in addit to thi , if we think of the histori , we can not talk about electron befor 1960 's when the semiconduct devic were first use . as a result , by the improv in electr and electron with the special to these area , the human ha a easier life . for instanc , would not be so hard to live without mostli use devic which are cell phone which are product of telecommun . if we think of eye which are the camera to the enviro for the human-b . if we deepli analyz what is in the eye , we must note the import of retina , cornea , eye len and so forth . for instanc , the peopl suffer from diabet may lose their vision due to problem in the retina . or simpli , if we think of contact lens which could be use as artifici len , these are improv vision of million of peopl . to summar , all these about the eye could be done onli by special . to conclud , sinc a singl human be can not know or remmeb the whole idea about one issu , it is import to special to one area . as a result , more improv could be done about that area and as a result about that issu .