the young and the old each live their live under a differ perspect . as a result , it wo n't be right to say that one enjoy their live more than the other doe . howev , if i were to dare express my opinion on who were the happier , i would , without a doubt , choos the young as be happier . firstli , the young are yet free from the world 's grasp . unlik their parent and their rel , who have alreadi gone through or are still go through the hardship and the harsh of the world , they are like sheet of blank paper wait to be use . of cours , be as pure as snow also mean that they are at a vulner stage where they may get corrupt with a singl wrong decis , but most of the time , onli the minor suffer thi misfortun . secondli , the young have time that the old onc use to have but now lack of . in fact , the young have plenti of time to be use ; depend on how it is use , their futur would chang . howev , they should n't be just concern about their futur , especi when the current world have so much to offer for them . for exampl , they can enjoy listen to mp3 and download music from the internet . moreov , they have shop mall to social with their peer . such innov use to be unimagin and ludicr to some of the old , back when they were young , but now these brilliant invent have been creat , it is up to the young to enjoy what they have . in conclus , the young enjoy their live more than the old do their . be young mean that they have a lot of lesson that they have to learn and a lot of obstacl to go through , but then they show the great potenti to blossom into full flower . have time to learn all they need and to enjoy their live , the young rare have much to watch out for . they also benefit from the innov of the current world and they are not hesit to experi them and familiar themselv with new experi . truli , all it would take for the young to grow into the old who can enjoy their live would be the right mind to make right decis so that they are success in everi endeavor that they go through .