i think that younger peopl do inde enjoy life more than older peopl . in my opinion younger peopl are suppos to have more fun becaus they have less respons and do not have to worri as much about problem that come with adulthood , such as money , job and famili . i am 17 and i can rememb just a few year back when i wa 15 , how differ my life wa . i did n't have to work , my school work wa much less of a burden and i did n't have to worri as much about my futur . now , onli a few year later i realiz that my life ha chang completli becaus i now work and at the same time i need to keep my grade up so that i can get into colleg . i realiz that from 15 to 17 is not realli grow up , and that be a 17 year old is not considerd be an elder , but what im tri to say that with age come more and more responsibilti . now that i 'm older i see how much time and effort my mom put in to make my sister and i happi . my mom constantli look for work , so that she can make money . she alway ha to make sure that my sister 's and my everi need is be taken care of . sometim i feel like she might forget about herself . as my mother work hard like thi day after day all i worri about is my school work , my job and what im go to do next friday . all i worri about is thing for me , while my mom worri about my sister , myself , my anim , my home , her job , her self and mani other thing . she ha got to make sure that everyth is run smoothli . i cant imagin be her and have to do all those thing . i sometim wonder , doe she ever have fun ? doe she ever go out ? the realiti is that she doe but when she tell me stori about when she wa younger she alway sya `` ahhh . .. those were the good time . '' each time she say that i realiz that be an adult can be hard work . becaus i 'm still young i still get to do mani fun thing , but as i get older peopel around me expect more and more from me and those expect mean , to act matur and be respons . sure , as i get older i have notic that my prioriti have chang . i look at my sister , who is a freshman in high school , and see how differ we are . she worri veri much about what she ware and what she look like , while i'd rather worri about get to school or pass my physic test . i ask my mom if i wa like that and she said `` we all go through it , we all matur . .. it part of adulthood . '' we all at some point of our live stop have the same fun as we had as a child . look at babi all they do is sleep and eat , while parent wish they could get some sleep or even loos a coupl of pound . in the end i trulli believ that younger peopl enjoy life much more than older peopl becaus they have less resspons and less thing to worri about . although throughout your life you are longer an adult than you are a child , you will alway rememb `` those good old day '' becaus they are a remind of when you where care-fre and had noth to worri about .