throughout histori , human have compet and strive to find and deriv the best way possibl to advertis and sell a product . thi key concept is illustr precis by thi statement ; for which , i would defin agre with the statement for three main reason . the core of thi statement is root in essenti market techinqu that are vital for the sale and profit of ani product . the first main proof for thi statement is seen in the essenti concept that everyon that produc someth to sell will want consum to be attract to the product by ani mean possibl . it is in human natur to allway want the best qualiti possibl for what one is buy . thu , an advertis that make the product appear much better than they realli are is a key techniqu in pull a costum to buy the product . thi is becaus the costum expect the product the be at it best qualiti . onc the consum ha decid to buy the product that attract him ( due to the fine qualiti in the advertis ) , he will go and buy it . howev , if a product creat a great demand due to is advertis it will caus an increas in the amount suppli , becaus more peopl will want it . thi bring the second proof for the statment . in order to have a greater amount of the product produc , the compani produc the item will have to forgo time and effect in make a finer qualiti product , in order to make more , which are worst than what appear in the advertis . the third main point is that an attract advertis will draw peopl to buy that product over other similar compet product . thi will make busi and compani make their product appear better than it realli is in orther to get consum to buy their over their competit 's . ultim , as the world shift into a greater consum societi , human are go to want to see that their money spent ( invest in a product ) ha a great appearnc . there are mani product in the market that even though they are not the best qualiti appear to be the best thorugh their popular and heavi advertis . a real exampl could be seen with the recent popular of the mp3 player ipod . even thorugh their technolog , capac , and applic is wors than other ( such as soni 's creativ mp3 player ) , their attract advertis and global popular have creat a huge demand , even through they are not the best product for the amount of money spent on the market . therefor , through these three principl and the exampl provid it is reasonalb to see how most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are .