everi person in the world is expect to enjoy hi or her life from the moment he or she see the light until he or she sleep in their grave . half of the peopl on the world believ that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl and the other half of the peopl believ that older peopl enjoy life more than young peopl do . in my opinion , i agre with the other half of the peopl who seem to believ that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do for differ reason . one of the reason whi i believ that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl is that young peopl are more familiar with the thing in their present life other than the older peopl . i will use my grandmoth as an exampl for what i have just wrote . when she wa young , she enjoy her life more than her mother becaus life is get better and better each time we move on . my grandmoth wa born befor the invent of the internet , one time she saw me set in my room play comput , she came to me and ask me what am i do with the televis . it took me a reallli long time to explain to her that it wa a comput not a televis . the second reason whi i believ that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl is that young peopl are more activ than older peopl . young peopl have the energi and the abil to do thing that make them enjoy their life that the older peopl can not do to enjoy their life . i remeb onc my cousin came to my home to pick me up so we can go to the cinema . when i walk to the door , i ask my mother to join us , she respond by say that she doesnot have the energi to do it becaus she is old and it 's hard for her to sit for three hour straight watch the movi . for that reason , i start to believ that young peopl can enjoy their life more than older peopl do . all in all , young peopl have the abil to enjoy their life while the older peopl lack that abil that make them abl to enjpi their life . i believ that young peopl someday will experinc the fact that one day young peopl will enjoy life more than they do as they get older .