i do complet agre with thi statement and think that there will be inde fewer car on the street than there are nowaday . first of all , there is our problem with the ressourc of fossil fuel that are rapidli come to an end . wherea coal , accord to today calcul , will still last for anoth fifti year , oil , the most import ressourc for the fuel for our car , will get rare in alreadi about ten year from now on . and sinc there is no other materi which ha a compar energi densiti - i can not tell the exact number but i know that the energi densiti of oil is at least a factor of about 1x10 to the power of 2 higher than the energi densiti of coal or ga - and is avail in the necessari amount it will be veri difficult to substitut thi ressourc . and energi densiti is a veri import factor sinc i think everybodi will rather like to drive with a 50 liter tank of oil instead of pull a one cubic meter coal car behind him or have to go and get a new ga fill after everi 100 kilomet . a second reason whi there will be fewer car in use than there are today is that the public transport system are steadili improv . in smaller citi the peopl can use buse and train to get to work or to do freetim activ and in larger citi they even have street car , subway and other possibl transport for the peopl to get around . moreov , with fuel price increas rapidli due to the decreas oil ressourc it will becom financi more effici or even necessari for mani peopl to use public transport system . also the compani of mani public transport system offer special offer such as the so call `` vorteilscard '' in austria which make it possibl to travel by train for half of the normal prize . final , we also have to consid the world wide problem of pollut and the greenhous effect . if we want thi planet to be a comfort home to live on we need to do someth to stop global warm which is mainli caus by the co2 emiss that are for a big amount gener from the car . therefor , the govern will issu special new law and regul which will forc peopl to search for other possibl of travel or they will offer incent to the peopl that will encourag them to take public transport system . again an exampl for thi come from austria but i am sure that there are compar program in most other nation as well . in austria the govern offer tax reduct for peopl if they take the public transport system to go to work .