sinc most peopl travel to unknown place and most of those beauti place have some histor o cultur background , i strongli support the idea of travel guid . in fact , by have guid in ani travel we do n't have to worri about where to go or expend much time in onli one place . i rememb when i went to peru ; i can imagin go there without a peter that wa hi name . peter is a nativ person live close to machu-pichu ; at the beggin when he offer hi servic as aguid , i wa not sure of our need opf hi help ; but later on i not onli new about the import of him that they , but also the need of hi nice servic . inde peter direct us throght a pathway that onli nativ know ; we were abl to see the most wander landscap where the inca where live on and also we did n't wast time sinc peter knew how long it take for a turist to go aroud the such a wonder place . furthermor , we were lucki to have them show us what the place we were visit were use for , by the inca ; but he gave us a nice speach of histori and cultur . even peopl who were born in peru use to have him as a guid or other one ; becaus they know of the benefit of it . it is also know by turist that some danger could be around when visit some place ; when you have a guid it is less frequent to get into those troubl , sinc most guid know veri well the place and they will take ani step to keep us healthi . for exampl by that time i read about a tourist from europ who wa robe while walk around . anoth case is one that happend to a ladi who had an accid after fall from the hill , she want to cut the path way to arriv earli but becaus she did n't know the place she took a wrong way . there are mani other exampl in my mind not onli from thi specif one but much mani other . final , i find veri enjoy meet peopl dure my travel adventur . and the main person i use to social with is a guid . in fact i am a sociologist and my life is all about meet asll kind of peopl with differ costum and backgroud , listen to them about their adventur and experi with other turist . i thing guid are amaz peopl who get easili along to differ peopl from differ cultur . guid also are veri educ peopl . inde most speak 2 , 3 or more languag . in summari , guid are not onli import to have a nice trip , but they make our vacat unforget . . they repres other cultur and we can get a lot of knowledg from them . i would recommend that ani person go in a trip use a guid if they want to have a fun and easi trip anywher . thank .