in today 's highli competit job market , an employe is veri like to have to work in mani differ area dure hi career . the question is to know whwether have a wide rang of academ knowledg will help him succeed in hi profession life . as far as i am concern , i think it is a great advantag to possess knowledg in mani differ field . inde , the broader your knowledg is , the more interest your job and the higher your respons will be . first of all , know thing in mani differ area bring me some kind of satisfact . inde , even if my studi is mainli focus on chemistri for exampl , i am still interest in mathemat , physic , or econom knowledg , becaus they all help me to understand how the world which surround me work . thi is all the more true as far as foreign languag are concern . i do think they can be a veri import factor when a compani ha to chose between two candid who have the same level in their special field . besid , i think that the wider your knowledg , the more opportun you will have in your career . as a matter of fact , when you are empli in a big compani , you are veri unlik to work all the time in the same area . i think it is worth thave broad knowledg of mani academ subject , sinc it l allow you to be chosen for mani interest and veri differ job . furthermor , as far as team work is concern , it is much easier to work with other peopl when you are not complet ignor about the field they are special in . thirdli , i think that it is much easier to climb the ladder in a compani if you are abl to use your knowledg in mani differ area . if you are abl to show that your educ and experi allow you to work on veri differ project , you are much more like to be chosen for an interest job with high respons . that is someth i have been told to for a long time in my engin school . your field of special determin your first job , but if you are success in your profesion life depend mainli on your abil to adapt to mani differ kind of job . i do think that have a wide rang of knowledg is veri import toward achiev thi goal . as a conclus , even if ani worker should be particularli compet in hi special area , i think it is much better to have knowledg of mani academ subject , sinc it offer more interest job and better opportun .