mani student hate to studi , becaus it 's boar , yet when the student realiz the idea and concept . at that time , the stude will be fun . the idea and concpet affect to student , grab the interest , to understand what they learn , for uns the idea and concept in our life and outstand it . the idea and concept are veri import to student for learn school cours like math and scienc . mani student hate to studi becaus it 's boar , and they do n't have interset . howev , when they know idea , and concept , they will ahv interest . for exampl , jason ha son , he is 5 year old , jason want to start teach him simpl math , but the son doe not have interest and not good at math . one day , jason see the advertis , `` most impot thing is idea and concpet . '' he call to that educ compani for help . after two moth , hi son interset in the math , becaus he understand idea and concpet . therfor the idea and concept are impot to student to learn . student should know what they are learn , if they do not know what they are lear , the reason is they do n't understnad the idea and concept . for instanc , when we are evalu the math question in the class , howev the student do not understnad the question , becaus they do n't know the concept . thu , the idea and concept are impotatnt for understad student 's learn . the purpos of learn is to use in our communicatio or societi . for exampl , jame and kyle , they both listen geographi in their high school . yet , jame understnad the idea and concp of geographi ; kyle just memoris hi text book . after they graduat , they live in same villag . oneday , the earthquak come suddenli in their villag . at that time , jame surviv from the earthquak , becaus he understnd the idea and concpet of erathquka for hi geographi class . howev , kyle get seriou injuri , becaus he doe not know the idea and concpet of eathquk . therefor the idea and concpet is veri impot for student lear materi . we agre , the idea and concpet is import to understand for student . for these three reason , grab the inters , to understnad what they learn , and for use in our societi . when we realiz how import is idea and concpet form these three reason . we can understnad the idea and concpt