i think everyon know about the stori of a ` give tree . ' it 's a stori about how a tree give everyth to a boy whom the tree love . the tree start with give the boy a shade made by the leav of the tree by give everyth the tree got - leav , fruit , branch , a trunk - the tree end up with noth but a place for the boy to sit and rest . thi stori show us how touch and beauti it is to sacrific oneself and help other . but thi stori , is just a stori and what we call the ` valuabl sacific ' ca n't be seen anymor . thu i agre to the statement that say young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . i agre becaus the modern made peopl too much individu that they onli think about themselv and also becaus peopl do noth that give them noth in return . thi week on monday , i happen to read an articl talk about a highschool student be qualifi to enter hanyang univers becaus he spent much time help hi commun . thi clearli proov that there are not much voluntari work be done these day . the lack of voluntari work are so lack and are in need that it the abund voluntari work that the student ha done made him enter the colleg wihtout ani other requir . i believ that the modern ha the responsibilti for thi phenomenon . as the commun societi wa be divid and mani peopl left to larger citi to earn more money , peopl have been less socializi and are too much individu . peopl do n't mingl with their commun member anymor as much as they did in the old day , which made them forget how to cooper and live togeth . peopl are greedier than they were befor . they want reward and return for the invest they have made . for exampl , in may thi year , the princip of my school announc that extra point will be given to those who spend time do voluntari work in their commun . after thi announc ha been made , student went crazi to do voluntari work to get more point . statist show that 5student do voluntari work increas to 16student per month in onli for month . so to say , i strongli agre that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . i think the govern should bring up new polic to encourag student and other commun member to particip in voluntari work .