i am under the impress that advertis in gener do not make peopl believ that the product that they aim at sell is better than they realli are . actual , as far as i am concern , i think that the purpos of an advertis is to emphas the qualiti of a good . of cours , an advertis will not highlight the defect of a good becaus it will not be attract for peopl . the fact that a product is in realiti not so better as it seem is just a question of percept : it is a subject problem . thi bring us to the matter of the subject . actual , one consum can be satifi by a good that he ha bought wherea anoth consum will not . the satisfact about a good 's qualiti is to be link with what everi consum research in it . it seem to me that there are no gener rule that tell anyon what qualiti are to be found in a specif good . it is up to each consum to make up it mind . in that sens , to answer thi question , we should make an opinion poll to know the peopl 's opinion about the qualiti they expect from the product and what they realli think onc they have receiv it . moreov i would like to mention the fact that befor buy , you alway have got the possibl to ckeck the product so that you can see by yourself if the product is what you expect it to be . i get the feel that a good advertis can make you think that what you will buy is a good product wherea in realiti it is not . for exampl , if you buy a product that everybodi know becaus everybodi ha seen it advertis , there will be a such phenomenom that everybodi will want to possess it . thi is the case of product that are said to be fashion . no matter how the qualiti of the good are : becaus the advertis is well-known and attract , the fact that it might not be a good product doe not matter . the fact that thi product is attract prevail . but one must bear in mind that in that case , the product is said to be good becaus you possess the last new product of a compani and not becaus the product in question ha real qualiti . to put it into a nutshel , one could conclud by say that the advertis of a product ha taken so much import nowaday that it could make us forget to ckeck if we realli need it and if it satisfi us .