the car are one of the most big invent that peopl found . it 's veri useful in our daili life . peopl love car and they think they ca n't live without them . they can take us everywher we want . the car is a veri good thing , but nobodi think of it bad sight and effect . in the past , peopl have alway been go there by food or by bicycl or some other thing . thi wa veri good for peopl 's health becaus with walk or cycl , they were make some kind of sport . peopl 's bodi could stay young and healthi with thi way . but then car were invent and peopl forgot walk . becaus car is a veri use thing for them . day by day , the number of the car are increas . the interest of peopl to the car are increas too . if there are five member in a famili it mean thi famili ha five car . it seem good but in the fact it 's not veri nice for human . it 's a danger for peopl becaus more car mean more air pollut , more sound pollut , more stress , etc . . but peopl are n't awar of thi danger and they continu drive even for short mile . but the most import thing in thi situat is petrollium . petrollium resourc are decreas day by day in contrast the world 's need to petrollium is increas day by day . the world will face a big petrollium problem but nobodi is awar of thi problem . to deal with thi problem , there are someth that can be done . for exampl , for thi problem gover should do someth immedi . they should persuad peopl to use mean of transport . it should be announc that peopl should use buss , or other mean of transport more frequent . it would be a sollut for decreas of petrollium and for traffic jam , air pollutioun , hard citi life , sound pollut , etc . . if noth will be done , we will face a world without car . if we do n't want to live without our love , preciou car , we should stop use it for unnecesarri thing . if we have short mile to go , we can walk to there or we can use our bicycl . with thi way we wo n't have to live without our car in the futur and also we will have a better , more beati world .