on the one hand , i think that learn fact can be an advantag for student sinc they can have a sort of role model to help them understand the fact . they can easili learn how to do thing by learn what someon befor them did . they can easili make out the person 's mistak and see what went wrong and what not to do if they want to suc . but on the other hand , i believ that understand idea and concept is way better for student becaus if one want to repeat someth , it would be easier for him if he ha understood what he want to do instead of just copi someth he ha learn . in that way , he can avoid make the same mistak . furthermor , he will be abl to shape hi own person and we know that it is gener upheld that someon with a lot of person is better treat than someon plain who just follow the flock . here in franc , the way philosophi is taught to student is veri peculiar . inde , in franc , student are n't onli taught the doctrin of the author but they are also taught to becom philosoph . i know that can sound ambiti and riski but i think that it 's an exel way to shape the student ' spirit . instead of just teach them doctrin that they do n't reaali care about , they are told what the philosoph said but also what they think about that . they do n't have to simpli learn by heart some doctrin that they do n't realli understand , they are also askek to react to that doctrin and to say wether they agre or not . i think that 's great becaus no matter how intellig and brilliant these philosoph were , we ca n't reaali take all they said for garnt . as student and even as human be we have to react toward some doctrin sucha as nietzch 's . we can realli learn what he said and believ that he is right just becaus he wa a smart man . inde , let 's not forget that hitler wa inspir by him and use hi work in order to justifi nazism . furthermor , the great philosoph , aristotl , thought that slaveri wa natur . all in all , what we can say is that as student , we can take all that our teacher tell us for grant . we absolut have to think by ourselv and must not simpli lear fact . think by ourselv will help us in the futur for exampl when we will have to vote .