the question whether young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl can not be answer absolut . it vari from person to person . there are , howev , sever factor that speak in favor of the thesi that thi is inde the case . there is a mental , a physic and a histor aspect to thi issu which i want to use to support the thesi that in gener life is more fun when you are young . in order to do so , i first want to assum that the differ between old and young is a question of age in year and secondli that the person to be compar live in similar condidt ( other thing be equal - basic ) , which are not extrem . first the mental part . an import influenc on the daili life of a youngster is the fact that he think he still ha a futur . whether he see it as someth entir good or bad doe not matter , extrem case exclud , there will alway be hope and hope lead to a posit attitud toward life . an old person ha a differ perspect . he or she will see life more in the retrospect view and will therefor see more often the chancec forgon , exclud the few veri lucki peopl that have alway taken the right choic of cours . so gener , young peopl will have a better mindset than older peopl to enjoy life . the second point is about health . young peopl are more healthi as their whole bodi is in a more dynam state and better abl to heal or develop in the desir direct and to enabl them to a broad rang of activ . also the chemic balanc in the first 20 or 30 year favour a more intens spectrum of feel - although , admittedli , to both side . the elderli on the other hand have to cope with limit by their bodi . we becom sick more often as well as our strength decreas . thi is an import fact to keep in mind when compar age and youth . in addit the former and the latter subject are interlink as the say `` men sana in corpor sano '' suggest . thirdli the histor aspect . in the past the world ha chang onli slowli and period wherea in today world chang becom an ever increas and determin factor in daili life . the abil of compani to surviv is increasingli determin by the abil to cope with chang . and so it is with young and old peopl that have to live in thi world . young peopl are abl to learn and adapt better than old peopl who experi becom outdat at an ever increas speed . so the develop of the world favour young peopl more than old peopl . so mental , physic and cultur young peopl have better chanc to enjoy life . the most import point to rememb , howev , is that you are onli as old as you feel and that age is not a question of year . there is no rule that you can not stay young mental when you are get older ( at least not to a certain degre ) , that you enjoy your bodi , have accept it limit and that you tri to keep up with chang . when you manag to do so , you stay young - and enjoy life .