knowledg is more import than work . knowledg improv ur skill , abil to do work . to get a knowledg mainli by do practic thing . knowledg play a import role in everi student . it is a essenti thing to everi human . to get get knowledg we read differ book and by practic applic . i think tht to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . broad knowledg of mani academ subject is more import . becaus know to all the subject we have a greater idea among all subject . it is applic to undergradu level . i suggest tht whi it is imp to studi or get knowledg from all thing tht we have a idea what will happen in our surround or in the societi . if u do a job it is not onli connect to ur subject but also to other llike how to manag a problem if u face , and how to commun with the other peopl . it is not onli relat to ur subject it also relat with other subject . upto under graduat level u will studi or have a knowledg from mani other subject . it is use to studi a singl subject mean to say tht special it is import in graduat level . in the undergradu level u must get the knowledg from teacher . in that level u just know tht how thi problem ha effect ? . how to solv the problem . to get more detail about tht topic teacher help and to teach u.they want to train u how the detail should be includ to ur answer . by know the the all subject it wiil help to incres ur knowledg . but in graduat level u u need not want u train by the professor . at thi time they want to preapar for their own . att thi level speciualis is import . i want to conclud tht it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject is more import . i think tht it is more impot in the undergradu level . to get the idea from mani subject thi is import while do job and we shift to other countri or place to know the knowledg about tht is so much helpabl to us . by dont get the knowledg from all subject it doe not help , and also ani subject it doe not deal onli tht topic it is interrel with all other toppic . so i conclud that get knowledg from all other subject is import . in the undergradu level .