in my opinion , i strongli feel that one should be a specialist in what he/sh doe and thi special can onli be achiev when he/sh undergo systemat educ in that specif subject . there are lot of pro and con associ to thi topic of discuss . to begin with , i would like to mention a few advantag of not special in one subject . by have a broad knowledg , the person keep hi option open and wait for the right opportun to strike at the right time . as an exampl , when we appli it to the context of acquir a job , thi leav him/her with some aspect of certainti that if the job market/behavior chang it orient becaus of certain issu , he/sh still ha the abil to get himself/herself a decent job becaus of the knowledg gain in mani academ subject . when it come to a special person , i feel that he ha mani advantag over hi couterpart . be focuss in one particular field , one can dedic lot of `` time & effort '' and be motiv to work in thi field . he get to learn thi from peopl who have special in thi field . he is almost certain that he know the industri causes-ne situat . he is train to deal with everi possibl shortcom in hi file of special . he ha the confid to independ deal with the problem . apart from all these person advantag , he help the industri in recruit the right candid for the open job posit . thi leav the industri with some sort of relief of find the right person for the posit . on a person note , i would like to focu on my academ background and discuss the reason that help me adher to my opinion . in the final year of the undergradu studi , i had to complet a project work . i develop interest in thi field and succes complet the project work with good grade . but at the back of my mind , i had thi certain level of incomplet becaus dure the cours of my project work , i came across certain issu which need more special educ . it wa at that time , i decid that i should be enrol for a master program to get my doubt solv and to gain better perspect into thi specif subject . on the other hand , i could have complet the task and veri superfici call myself and expert . now my thirst of knowledg ha further increas as i feel that i should not leav my educ midway and continu with a doctor degre which will certainli make me an expert in thi field . therefor , i feel that be perfect in a field help rather than get involv into thing which you are not veri good at . as it rightli said `` jack of all trade , master of none '' .