i agre with the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . not mani young peopl are seen in commun activ , and it seem like their interest is not at their local . three reason can be thought of when think about thi issu . firstli , young peopl seem to be busi with their own life , and ha less interest in their own commun . thi is becaus their everyday life is basic at the achool or univers . there , they studi on subject they have interest in , and they may also be particip in a circl or an after school activitiy . it can be guess that young peopl spend more time there , instead of help out at local commun . secondli , the commun itself is not systemat organ for young peopl to particip . the problem of japanes societi now is that the local commun are not work out in mani place becaus peopl have less contact with their neighbor . for exampl , in big citi with peopl live in high build appart , it is normal for peopl to not know most of the peopl who live there . you might see some peopl onc in a while , but in a busi life , there is rare a chanc to realli get togeth to form a commun . therefor , young peopl do not spend time to help out in their commun . lastli , the local commun are mainli run by older peopl , such as peopl who have retir job and have more time . these peopl gather and organ commun activ and spread it to neighbor . for exampl , it take time to organ an event in the commun . you need to plan out thing to do , and also go knock on door to ask for particip . when there are not enough peopl , you struggl more and have to work harder . so it is natur to say that peopl who have more time ha more chanc to particip and help out in the communitiy . thi might be one of the reason that youg peopl spend less time in commun when compar with older peopl . from these three point that i have state abov , i agre that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . young peopl might be energet and be a big help , but when their interest is somewher els , it is difficult to bring back their attent .