be young and old are differ phase of the same life we live on earth . everi man goe through the young and old phase of hi life or we might say most of them so he experi almost everyth . i believ that young peopl more life than old peopl do . you spend most qualiti time in young age compar to old age as thi is start by you enter into teen age which also known as the crazi age as everyon doe and experi most of the crazi thing in life at thi age . for exampl when you are young and enter colleg you are in a world of mischief a world you creat on your own onli for you to enjoy ignor all the consequ you may have to face . thi is the first time you start bunk lectur on your own wish and go for movi , attend parti , you donot attend parti in old age . do you ? old peopl donot enjoy life as young peopl . most of the peopl in their old age are bedridden , have deseas , they hav undergon heart attack by thi age . thi keep you away from smoke , drink and even danc with your love ( your wife ) , in short the mean to enjoy life . love remind me that young age enjoy the joy of ask the girl out for a first time in your life . it is a veri joyou moment for the young guy experienc it for the first time . later on in your life it becom a habit and you want to take everi girl on a date and she readi if you are young . young peopl also get to experi the joy of the first day at work , everyon enjoy it and it differ . then one day final you get marri to the girl you love and grow old with her and have kid . all these happi moment are experienc when you are young . howev young peopl enjoy life not onli becaus enjoy mean be happi . there is more to enjoy than just happi . the dark side , when thing start go wrong and you just can not help it . mani peopl are scare of experienc such challeng in life . i had a bad experinc onc in my life when everyth atart go wrong for me . noth seem to work and like everyon els i too wa sad and depress . but i learn a lot from it . my bad time taught me a lesson in life and if it wer n't for those bad time i would n't have been what i am today . pain they say is inevit , so whi not turn a masochist . i have enjoy my pain now and i feel what i am now , after what all happen to me give me more joy than anyth els in thi world . we can say that young age is the age when you start experienc everyth and old age is the age when you have experienc everyth . so experienc is better than have experienc .