accord to thi topic , it is realli a question whether use the broad mind in subject is the better way than special . due to their respect angl , differ peopl hold differ view . in my poinion , although the specialist in nowaday is import , the generalist is realli the major part which can not be reduc . in the follow discuss , i would like to provid the evid to support my view on thi topic . as the develop of the technolog all over the world , thing are chang with each pass day , the invent alway appear in the market , and we could fairli said that the specialist in the program is do the great construct . they have deep mind in their own major , and would provid the worthless suggest to the peopl , if without their suggest , it might be hard for peopl to invent the novel thing . although they do not have the wide knowledg of all the area , actur the depth of the major they are special may not be touch by the generalist . and becaus of the depth , they could find out the use imform generalist could not find . to be honoest , if without them , just use the broad knowledg way , not all the invent could come out so quickli . henc the specialist is realli play an import role over the world . the specialist contribut to the societi , doe not mean the generalist is less use . in the actual life , they just use their wide inform to connect the major which they research with the other area , which is import to the research . if a major just have their way and not commun with the other , they would just like the frog in the hole , which could not get the farther develop . and the generalist use their broad knowledg of mani academ subject to straighten the connect with the refer major , which would provid the research more space to think and to compens the weakless , use thi way , the technolog is grow so fast and just thi way can give the sociey long develop . from the abov we can easili see that the specialist and generalist are all sufici to the societi , either of which could not be miss . just use the whole imform that they both summer , the invent would stabl in the societi , and meet the need of custom . if just have the specilist , the thing is just adopt in the small area , which mean it can not get the greatli develop . and also , just use the generalist 's mind , the thing are not deep stand in the societi , which mean the other product would easili over them in the short time . so the specialist and the generalist can not seper . from the specilist , the generalist could get the detail of the invent , and from the generalist , the specialist would not just focu their eyesight in the tini area , henc as the compens they two get togher would take the novel develop to the technolog .