i strongli agre with the statement that it is import for the student to understand the idea and basic concept of the particular cours they are learnig . simpli learn the cours will onli get them minim grade if it is a theoret subject . but the few subject which requir the in-depth basic knowledg would sure not work in favor of such student . i can elabor on thi from my person experi . dure my graduat cours in mechan engin i came across diversifi subject . few of them were realli not of my veri interest but i clear those subject with the utmost concentr and honesti . subject like engin draw , design of machin element , dynam of machineri , etc realli requir a great in-dept knowledg and strong basic concept . what we learn from the text book is just from theoret point of view but at the same time to relat it with the actual practic experinc is veri difficult . if the student ha all hi basic knowledg about the subject clear then he can realli relat the book inform with the practic field . if a student is have hi basic concept clear about the subject then he can realli continu to learn more about that subject and will be abl to grasp on that topic more easili . simpli lear the subject becaus it is mention in the syllabu is no good . thi type of attitud will not result ani thing posit in his/her favor . for ani one have a partial or superfici knowledg is danger . such student after their graduat when enter into rel compani will find veri difficult to acclim themself with the type of work be done . becaus they do n't actual know how the particular process is cari out or how the particular machin work . at that time they will tri and learn about that process which they are actual suppos to do in their graduat cours . at the same time student who ha donw with hi graduat cours with utmost interest and honesti will enjoy work out in the compani and will ascend the success ladder must faster than the less interest student . in all , student should alway tri and relat the thing which they have learn in book with the practic knowledg ; which everi one learn dure his/her daili life . when a person relat hi work or tri to explain the concept about a particular topic to anoth person he not onli help the other person but also bolster hi own confid and knowledg about that subject . person can do thi onli if he ha a good understand about the subject .