some peopl agre with the statement that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . howev , i disagre with the statement for the follow reason . most importantli , idea and concept are tool for peopl to make fact clear and simpl . in other word , idea and concept are not necessari if there is no fact relat to the concept . for exampl , unvers student in a depart of counsel should learn a lot of concept and idea for the treatment . specif , there is one import concept , which is the reciproc theori of self-disclosur . that is , peopl are like to disclos themselv , when other disclos themselv to the peopl . thi is a conceptu theori . howev , though a lot of practic session the student conduct , they gradual know that there are mani case where the concept can not be applic . in other word , even if the counselor disclos herr/himself , the client will not share her/himself . at that time , student should learn that there are mani except which concept and idea can not appli to . as shown abov , student need to learn fact first and they also should know idea and concept are tool which help themselv to see the fact clearlli and simpli . addit , fact are more persuas to student regard to learn . as i mention abov , student studi mani concept and idea for the counsel , such as person-cent method and cognit method . howev , sometim , these concept do not help student understand what counsel is becaus of the abstract . then , know and learn fact help them understand import thing more convincingli . for exampl , the student sometim visit client home and have an interview with the client . at that time , student may see the fact . that is , they will find that the main caus of the depress come from the terribl famili relationship or the main caus come from their past experi they want to forget . these fact which the student will find will be more persuas to student and the student will be abl to know and feel what the counsel is , what the counsel can do for them , and how the counsel work . in other word , fact a more persuas to student regard to their lean . in conclus , some peopl agre with the statement that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . howev , i disagre with the statement for these reason .