all the peopl need to renew their routin in the holiday with their friend and famili , and they can do mani thing to do that . they can go to movi theater , sport game , and mani thing . nowaday , we can notic the most common way to renew the routin is travel to anoth countri or state . some peopl like to travel alon with their famili becaus they think the other peopl will bother them , and they 're afraid of meet bad friend . other like to travel with a group by a tour guid . i think the second way to travel is better than the first one becaus the reason which i 'll discuss in thi essay . in a first , peopl may feel bore if they travel onli with their famili becaus they 're with their famili all the time , and they need to meet new friend to make the tour more excit . for exampl , if a famili travel with their child , the child will feel like play with anoth kid who ha a mani common with him . also , the father and the mother like to meet peopl like them to talk about what they like to talk about such as the mother like to talk with other women about mani subject that she ca n't talk about them with her child or husband . therefor , thi advantag will help all the famili member to enjoy their time , and if they like to be alon with no peopl , they can ask the tour guid that they want to go out side alon for a while . moreov , if you travel to the most wonder countri in the world , you wo n't be happi if you do n't know where you can go or what the good place you can visit . you need someon who know a lot about the countri which you 're plan to visit with your famili or friend . in thi case , a tour guid can help you to enjoy in your tour , and he can show you the best place in the countri you want to visit , and he can also tell you inform about the countri and it histori . i think thi is an import advantag becaus you do n't want to onli to enjoy in your tour . you want to benefit also and know inform about the countri which you want to visit . in brief , mayb travil alon ha some advantag also . howev , i prefer to travel with a group led by a tour guid for the reason which i discuss abov , and i beleiv that thi is the best way to travel with your famili or friend becaus you wo n't enjoy onli , but you will enjoy and benefit .