to becom a more experienc a erudit person , one would have to have broad knowledg of mani academ rather than just one . i strongli agre with the follow statement : `` it s beter to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than t special in one specif subject '' . for instanc , a ballerina would be a more respect and better artist if she onli knew so much about physic . danc ha so much to do wth physic . in order to be abl to lift herself in the air and rotat her bodi at a certain speed she would need to have had taken cours in physic . be more knowledg in so mani accadem would increas her chanc of success . i 'd have to say that a broader knowledg of mani academ would be veri similar to biolog . in order to understand the human bodi you need to learn more about all the organ instead of just focus on one , and how they are link to each other , also how they would benefit the system . that is whi when one is studi biolog in colleg , he or she would have to studi for a certain amout of year about biolog in gener to find out how thing link themselv and how they function all togeth . if thi statement were incorrect then whi would school offer a varieti in cours ? they might do so to prepar a student for life but in special in one specif subject they would have to be more ignor of what is go on around him/her . it is essenti that mani gain a broader knowledg of mani academ subject thant to special in one specif subject becaus that much varieti would lead to a better understand in other subject . everyth is link togeth in space and in our societi . if we were to special in one spefic domain we would have to leav out a great amount of interest and intrigu inform that would be veri help in certan situat . consid the exampl of the ballerina . if she were to walk on the street alon and suddenli she just fell and injur herself . and if no one were here to assist her then she would have to do it herself . in order to do so she would have had taken class in health care or ani cours that are similar to biolog . if she doe not cure her wound then she would ruin her futur . profession ballerina are veri concer about their health and their well be . `` it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one sepecif subject '' becaus of how the word is link togeth . they all the sensat are in the foot . to heal a person one would have to press on a certain locat on a foot to stop the pain .