i agre with the statement . young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl . there are sever reason for me to support the statement . first of all , becaus they are young , they will have lot of energi and curios to tri sever thing in the world . most of the young peopl have veri few responsibilit toward their famili . when parent provid all the amen what all they want , they have noth to worri , so they can enjoy alot . most of the time young peopl will be healthi which give them enthusiasm to enjoy thier live . but still not all the young peopl enjoy lot , some peopl will have lot of familili burden if hi or her parent pass away or can not look them properli . so they will earn their bred and butter their own . they even provid financi support to the famili . that kind of young peopl are more matur , so they enjoy and feel happi help their famili . older peopl can not enjoy as much as young peopl do , the first reason is , they have more responsibilit toward familili . they have to look after their children , they have to provid good educ to them and they need to earn suffici for the surviv of the famili . moreov onc they becom littl older they will concentr more on the responsibili , statu and their reput in the societi . so they will have veri less interest toward the enjoy . in fact they enjoy by look at their children 's enjoy . anoth reason is when a person becom old , mani of the peopl will suffer from variou health problem , even those problem make them dull and hamper their enjoy . for exampl , i alway observ two of my neighbour 's children . they alway want to visit some or the other place to visit . they never bother for their studi . whenev i ask them whi do not they bother for studi and alway want to roam here and there , they alway give me one answer , thi is onli the time to enjoy , onc we becom littl older , then need to seriou about careen and then marriag , then famili extent and then take care of them , so we never be free of problem to enjoy as we are now . in a nutshel , i do agre that young peopl will enjoy lot when compar with older , becaus they are free from responsibili and problem . they are healthi and more energit .