we can consid the life as a huge play area where there are so mani both danger and good thing and where sometim , we are not abl to do everyth becaus we are limit . if we take the case of enjoy life , there is a huge contrast between the way old peopl enjoy life and the young peopl do . young peopl , for instanc , a child would be the happiest person ever , if her mother buy her the candi she want yet an old person would be the happiest person ever if she see her children , come visit her , call her or go somewher peac mayb . as all of us know , it is inevit that young peopl are not as experienc as old peopl so that they dare more and they behav more free . the older one get , the less he or she enjoy life . the first reason whi i think young peopl enjoy life more , is they do n't have to think becaus they are not old enought to consid the realiti of life so there is noth in their mind to distract them to stop them enjoy the beatui in life . the next reason is , for exampl , the respons you are , the less enjoy life becom . if we take the case of an unmarri 13year old , girl , she is not work , she doesnt have to earn money , she doesnt have to worri or think about her children , she doesnt have to clean the hous , cook everyday , she doesnt have to solv the problem with her husband . onyl thing she might be worri about is her school due to the fact that she doe not have that much respons as an old woman in her fifti . the third reason is , when peopl are young they are more careless and it is more easi them to not to care the event . imagin an old women sit in home , and not get a call for so long by her children . she would be devast yet imagin a 5 year old kid , who had no idea about the world , he would n't even mind if hi dad doe not talk to him for so long . the forth reason is , the older one get , the unhealthi one becom . without health , noth in the whole wide word mean anyth even if you are the richest or the most beauti or the most intellig one . as soon as you start to get older and older , health problem increas , you are affect by everyth around you , by your favourit desert or your delici food which seem not as signific problem as it is but nobodi can understand how those health problem afefct your whole life , sycholog day by day . as i tri to explain abov , in my opinion , as peopl get old , life becom more tasteless sinc experi are not alway suppos to be good memori . you can not alway do whatev you wish and it is not possibl to live as you imagin .