i do not agre that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . still , i have to clarifi from the start that i do not believ either that older peopl enjoy life more than younger peopl do . in my opinion , thi is just a statement too gener . it alway depend on the respect live condit and on extern factor such as the famili situat , the region in the world one live in , person health etc . moreov , there are numer young peopl that are depress and do not know what to to with their life becaus of miss perspect due to high unemploy rate or bad social condit , while mani older peopl enjoy their life becaus they have alreadi accomplish someth and they can look at thing more relax . howev , other would state that it must be the other way round and would expect most older and elderli peopl to suffer from diseas , loneli and the feel of be abandon by societi while they would claim young peopl to be full of happi and energi becaus everyth is still possibl for them . besid the controversi of thi statement , i would say that in gener it can be easier to enjoy life when you are older , onli with regard to the financi situat . i assum that it is often the case that you have more time to travel and do the thing you would enjoy most while you are young , but you simpli do not have the money . likewis , mani retir peopl fulfil their dream when they are old becaus it is onli then that they have both the time and the money to do what pleas them . in addit , also work peopl are abl to lead a better life than the young becaus they are independ and can choos how to spend their money accord to their wish . consequ , one could also impli that older peopl enjoy their life more becaus they have wait to do so all their life and are onli now abl to appreci their exclus situat , while young peopl do not reflect as much about what they are actual do and experienc . still , it might be exactli thi characterist that make life easier and more enjoy and fun for young peopl . their life is not as complex and restrict as that of older peopl who have certain respons and duti to think of first . younger peopl are free to do what come on their mind and do not have to think about possibl implic immedi as they do not have as mani posess and belong as older peopl . one ha to keep thi freedom in mind if one discuss the abov statement . in summari , it is not an easi question to answer whether old or either young peopl are lead a happier life . howev , i think one should tri to make the best of life - at everi age .