divid into two kind of educt , school are focu on differ method of educ . howev , they can be distinct into two portion , one is focu on have broad knowledg , the other is focu on have special in one specif subject . both of these two way are lead student to the prosper in the futur , and sure can be success if the right educ is given . but which one of these two way can lead a more prospect futur ? that can be a question we have to consid . howev , i vote for the method , i 'm been take , that is to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject . live in the develop world , nowaday , we , the new gener , have gotten more and more burdan . the technolog is grow faster and faster , more and more knowledg should be use in onli one job . to have differ knowledg in differ part of academ subject ha becom more and more use . a worker who want to earn more payment need more knowledg in differ academ subject , to make the work s/he is do get better . with the develop of the technolog , to much knowledg a person need to know to work with an equip , an equip may need the knowledg of electron , comput , program and so on . my father is an manag of guizhou north power , for instant , he need the knowledg of program to program the program of comput that use in equip , he need to have the knowledg of electron for the use of the program , he also need the knowledg of manag to make the compani better . to much work need the broad knowledg that can the develop of the compani get fast . what about the knowledg of special in one specifc subject , it 's not adequ ani more . for a job , a person wo n't do it best when s/he onli have the singl knowledg in one specif subject . the person may good at account , but not good at use comput ; a person may good at mathemat , but do not no how to use it . thi can caus a gift person lost hi job and destroy the one 's futur . so , what i think is that the singl knowledg in one specif subject like spin , it can destroy the bulloon in your hand . not use ani more in the new gener , the singl knowledg in one specif subject can make the person do not know how to use hi tellent . to have broad knowledg can make the person easier to use hi knowledg and becom success in the futur .