as a respons to the question `` in twenti year there will be fewer car that there are today '' , i strongli believ that thi statement hold true for numer reason . firstli , the product of car increas annual due to the increas of demand all over the world . henc , the emiss produc by the higher number of car present will endang the environ caus health problem for anim as well as human be . when thi problem aris , countri from all over the world might decid to restrict the emiss output of everi countri to a certain number , with the goal of control and therefor reduc the emiss output of car in the world . thi will lead to less car be produc and henc , fewer car be present on the road in each countri . secondli , from person experi in istanbul , turkey , i have notic that the amount of car have increas on the road and highway in the last three year , caus long traffic jam and more seriou accid . as thi will becom more frequent in the near futur , i believ that the turkish govern will take control of the situat , limit the amount of car sold thu reduc the number of car use in turkey . in thi respect , i think that everi countri will go about the same procedur if similiar problem aris in their countri . anoth reason for support thi statement is that the polit and econom situat in mani of the western countri have becom more critic in recent year . germani , as an exampl , ha difficulti in their economi as it ha been declin for year caus the live standard to drop . in a few year time , mani peopl will not be abl to affort a car . due to similiar problem slowli spread over mani western countri , it will also affect their economi caus peopl not be abl to afford a car . thi will result in less car be use in the next twenti year . the recent increas petrol and oil price due to the crise in the middl east , ha lead mani peopl in numer countri , such as germani , to stop use a car . they rarther use public transport as thi is a much cheaper solut for them . in conclus , i strongli believ that the amount of car use in twenti year will be much less due to the abov mention reason .