i disagre with the given statement that in the come twenti year the number of car on road will actual decreas . mani peopl may believ and support thi becaus of the fact that petroluem resourc are deplet and the sudden rise in price of petrol and diesel have support their point of view . but what they actual fail to see is the fact . as of today we have not even discov ( leav alon take out ) 50 % of the petroluem resourc present on earth . the theori or curv use for energi consumpt is logist curv . thi curv show that energi consumpt reach to a maximum valu at exactli the mid point of the life span of the resourc . till today we have not reach that mid point even . anoth point is that , the rate at which the automobil sector is grow today it is imposs to say that in the next twenti year it will be gone . all the big industri can not be close in just twenti year . come back to the petroluem , it is true that the cost of oil will continu to increas and slowli it will not be afford for the commom man to use it for transport but other altern are come up slowli . they includ bio-fuel , coal gasif and coal liquif , etc . . i have myself work on bio-fuel ( specif bio-diesel ) . in my project i use bio-diesel as fuel for a diesel engin and compar engin perform and emiss characterst with diesel on other hand as fuel . the conclus wa that bio-diesel produc less pollut and is cheaper as compar to diesel price as of today . moreov it is bio-degred . the research are have lot of hope with bio-fuel becaus of abov mention advantag . in my countri govern ha taken sever initi for mass-product of bio-diesel . there are other alern for petroluem also . eg. for the short term requir of petrol/diesel and ga , coal liquif and coal gasif are best possibl answer . in these process solid coal is convert to natur ga and liquid petrol . as there is no scarciti or crisi for coal today , thi will be a possibl answer for some year . also much research is go on on electr car . indian compani reva is produc an electr car call reva ii which is avail for consum . henc in all it is evid that the number of car on road will onli increas but the rate of increas may drop down . and the problem of energi crisi will be solv becaus human civil will surviv as it ha till date and whenev such problem come , altern have been found out and implement .