the statement that young peopl have a greater abil to enjoy life than older peopl clearli is an issu worthi of discuss . in the follow essay i tri to give exampl support and oppos thi fact . in the begin of thi short passag it is necessari to state what can indic enjoy one life . the most intuit point are of cours the amount of time spent on activ , which bring fun to an individu . exampl for thi can be sport , cultur activ such as theater or visit the movi theater , social activ such as meet with friend or visit in club , bar or disco . the actual amount of time spent on each activ clearli count toward the young peopl . yet it should not receiv much attent , sinc grow age come along with grow respons . we shall therefor tri to acknowledg the subject feel of fun deriv from each activ for the individu . when it come to sport , a differ between old and young peopl is not clearli distinguis without thorough research , which can not be conduct at thi point . most older peopl lie great emphasi on sport in order to stay healthi or free their mind by physic challeng . one could argu , that young peopl are take the particular sport to a higher level , but thi clearli doe not support the idea of a greater enjo . everi sport is enjoy for the conduct individu , even if it is be practis at a veri low level . focus on the cultur activ , a gener viewpoint is necessari . in gener the age of the individu determin it tast . therefor the activ chosen are highli depend on a individu age . again the type of activ chosen can not determin whether one individu receiv a higher reward in term of fun from it choic , than the other individu doe from the other choic . the third categori state abov indic the greatest differ between age group . it is clearli observ and commonli known , that from a certain age onward less emphasi is be laid upon go out a night and visit bar , club or disco with friend . from a younger point of view thi could be seen as a lack of fun in one life . to conclud thi paragraph the differ in behavior between old and young peopl are clearli visibl . yet thi observ is lack evid that young peopl actual enjoy life more than older peopl . thu thi statement can not be back by thorough reason . the differ in behavior do not indic more fun in life on one or the other side . yet the posit correl between age and respons could make it harder for older peopl to conduct fun activ .