i agre with the statement . i would rather say the advanc of civil is the result of peopl who took risk . when i say take risk it would mean not onli do thing or act personali which could be danger , exampl go to the deep sea in search of new land but that would also mean go against establish idea , which were wrong . had galileo and the earlier astronom not challeng the idea of earth be flat we would never have known the fact . for go against the establish beleif , galileo and other had to face anger and punish . had it not been the effort of clombu we would have never seen america . he fail more than one time , wa even improsin for fail to prove hi theori , but in the end we owe him a lot . how is techonolgi advanc at such a great pace , we talk of nano technolog today . it is becaus there are scientist who alway challeng the establish frontier . thi requir take lot of risk . failur would mean wast resourc that are so costli . and also involv persona stigma , but than they dare it and succeed . the stori of scientist such as thoma alva edis , voltaair are known to all . they were the peopl who tri out new thing , even at the cost of peopl doubt them . wright brother tri someth new and brought a huge chang in the world of transport , stevenson thought on a small issu and invent the steam engin . so the degre of risk might vari , but risk do result in some posit result . one thing i will like to add , the risk should not be blind , they should be calcul to some extent . thi is applic mostli for the purpos of tri out new busi . infact all the peopl i have mention abov had done some or the other studi to be sure that they were not do someth that wa complet not requir . bill gate the richest man today , ventur into an unkown area and we see the result today . but it is not alway that success peopl have tri new thing and they have succeed . mani exampl are there which tell that if you leav someth which is your `` core compit '' you may fail . so the idea of `` core compet '' is veri relev . so tri new thing but keep in mind your core compet also .