i think the topic of have enough time to help commun when you are young is complex and controversi . while some peopl argu that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun , i think , howev , that young peopl do give a tremend amount of time their commun . my posit is base on sever reason . first of all , young peopl who are grow up in a commun have alreadi tight connect to sever member of the commun . for instanc , i grew up in a rel small commun . my grandpar and parent have alreadi taken over respons in the commun . so , it becam natur to me to be part of thi commun , to learn from adult on how to interact in a commun , whom to ask for help . for exampl , when i wa fifteen i ask one member who wa the librarian of our commun , if i can work in the librari to earn some money . so i alreadi wa part of the commun when i wa a teenag and invest my time , although thi wa reward . secondli , i increas my time spend on help our commun after i experienc that be part of the commun is also benefici in situat where you need good friend . for instanc , as my grandfath die , our whole famili got support from our commun . although thi wa more a kind of emot support is wa realli help to know that other peopl do take care of my familiy and me . thi experi motiv me to further take over respons in the commun . even if the impact of these respons sometim seem to be small , peopl perceiv them as help . for exampl i use to buy bread for our old neighbour on sunday . see me on sunday wa a highlight of her lone day . furthermor , all my friend at my age are in some manner connect with our commun . they are also work in their leisur time for the commun . we are a kind of big famili and everyon take care of each other . nevertheless , some peopl might object that young peopl tend to sit in front of their comput or to have parti all the time . but from my experi i can say that my friend do also use their comput , we do have parti , but we also includ our chariti work in the commun in our daili routin . in conclus , base on my experi and background i am convinc that at least a lot of young peopl nowaday give a huge amount of time to help their commun , thu improv the live of other commun member .