if peopl are ask , in an survey for exampl , who enjoy life more , younger or older peopl , one is like to answer spontan in favour for the younger one . thi tendenc might have it root in the wide-spread oberserv which can be made in the today 's societi . but is thi assumpt right ? do younger peopl realli enjoy life more than the older gener doe ? it is true there are a lot of offer especi for younger peopl to creat their free time . there are club and bar in everi citi where an older person would not realli fit in . besid there are also a lot of new sport activ which are especi develop and introduc for the gener under 50 . you can hardli imagin a senior stand on waterski or make a bunge jump , can you ? but can therefor be conclud that the younger peopl enjoy their life more ? person i do not think so . there is also a great number of leisur offer for older peopl that are realli not less amus at all than these for the younger one . for exampl you can find danc event for senior nearli everywher . as the health system ha improv extrem the last decad the older peopl are more healthi and fit than in former time . thu they are abl to exercis a lot of sport despit their age . and they realli do . the number of older member in sport club or gym ha increas enorm . older peopl also have other great advantag compar to the younger one . normal they have more money and more time . most of them earn money dure their lifetim which they now want to spend for their fun . young peopl , on the opposit , often still studi or earn not realli a lot of money at the begin of their job . that 's the reason whi they often can not benefit from the rich offer . furthermor a lot of older peopl have alreadi retir and now enjoy their new freedom and `` endless '' time . final i think the mental of older peopl ha chang . they are not longer think that onli hard work can make them happi . they also want to enjoy the `` even '' of their life . as a conclus i want to point out that in my opinion older peopl enjoy their life toexactli the same extent as younger one do .