i do not agre with the statement that say that fewer car will be use in the futur , twenti year later . i would like to exlain three reason whi i think that there will be still car , use for mani purpos , as the same as those of today . as the first reason , i would like to point out the advent of new technolog . it ha been critic that use car are not good for environ due to their emiss of ga . their ga destroy the ozon layer , thu peopl argu that these ga should be reduc . as the solus , for instanc , mani countri sing up in the intern agreement , kyoto convent , to reduc the emmis of co2 . for one of the effort , some compani tri to invent new type of ga , which is less harmu for environ . if the new type of ga will be use in futur car , their detriment effect on environ will be reduc . thu , peopl 's concern about car 's effect on environ could be reduc . in that case , car could be use more in the futur . for the second reason , i would like to refer to the age societi . within sever year , japan and some ec countri will face to the seriou problem accord to the increas of age popul . for elder , paticurali live alon , it is difficult to go out by theirselv . they sometim need the support by other . howev , the use of car for elder may support their independ live . for instanc , my grandfath often use a car to go shop . by use a car , he need not to bring heavi bag when he buy mani thing in the supermarket . although he live alon now , he can go out by himself by use a car . therefor , for elder in the age societi , the use of car enabl their live more convini with less support by other . in counclus , accord to these three reason , i think that there will be more car after twenti year . if the harmu effect of car on environ could be reduc , i think that we need not hesit to use such effici instrument for improv our life more and more . the balanc between natur and technolog can be taken accrd to the advent of new ga . moreov , in the age societi , elder could be more activ and independ to use car .