i agre with the say that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenti year . altough privat car have play an impotani role in peopl 's life nowaday and peopl tend to more depend on the use of the car , i think thi situat still will chang a lot in the futur twenti year . twenti year is not a veri short time , it can mean that one gener have grown up and becom the most dormin peopl in the societi . in mani develop countri , the children nowaday have been taught more about the import of protect our environ , otherwis mother natur will punish humankind for what they had done . so when these children becom adult in like twenti year , they will do better than their parent in the aspect of environmant protect . what is more , there is alreadi a lot of event in both develop and develop countri that peopl automob decreas the use of the privat car . for exampl , i heard a lot of peopl in western countri nowaday alway share their car with their collegu or classmat , or just take the bu instead of drive a car to decreas the wast from the car which will pollut the air in the citi . and in china , there is also news about some elementari school student persuad their parent not to use car to send them to school , these parent then receiv their suggest and use bicycl to pick their children . so we can see from these event that peopl have becom more and more concern about their environ , thi is whi mayb the use of car will drop in the futur . some other factor also can make chang in the use of car . first , the price of oil ha becom much more higher than befor and continu to increas . mayb mani peopl in the futur can not afford such high price and chang their way of go outsid . second , there are also a lot of convieni public transport in the citi . such like subway , bu , railroad . thi kind of transport is not expens and can attain anywher you want in the citi , and especi the subway can not be influenc by the terribl traffic abov them . it can save peopl a lot of time , and it is quiker than drive a privat car . so , the high price of oil and the convin of take public transport can make effort to the decreas of the use of car in twenti year . in conclus , there are some reason whi there will be fewer car in use than there are today . in my opinion , the most import is that peopl in the whole world can realiz how seriou that use too mani car can make our blue earth a dirti planet , .