sinc the ancient time , man ha investig way to improv the way to explor the world and cover great distanc with minimum effort . from the invent of the wheel , to the establish of the trade rout via ship , transport ha come a long way and gain even more import . in today world , be abl to travel freeli is no longer a privilag , but a basic right for all human be . and , we simpli would not be abl to fulli appreci thi right , if we did not have car . car give us the abil to travel individu and freeli , assum that we can afford to buy one and oper it . they are essenti for peopl who work , have famili and have busi schedul . one must also rememb that for some peopl , their car are essenti in their struggl to make a live . for instanc peopl like taxi driver and transport reli on their car . as a result i believ that no matter how well the public transport get , in the next twenti year or so , there will still be a demand for individu own and oper car . i beliv that the need for car will even be more signific with the expect increas in human popul expect within the next two decad . in today modern world , twenti year is a long enough time for signific technolog achiev to take place . as a result , i also believ that these achiev will have a remark impact for car as well . i think car will be a lot more differ from what we have today . they are go to be more effici , more cost effect , less pollut and safer to oper . thu , more and more peopl would buy car , or whatev replac them , and as a result we will have more car in the futur . peopl like car for the thing they offer us . thing like freedom , independ and abil to make a live it is veri import for all of us to have these thing in our live and car can make thi a realiti . by improv the mean we produc car in the next twenti year , it is possibl satisfi the ever grow human popul with the finish form of car technolog ha to offer . as a result i beliv that the need for car will be increas in the decad to follow as well as their number in our live .