` commun ' is the sole of ani civil . the stronger the commun is the better would be the civil . sinc commun consruct the societi and sociti ha a big impact on the life style of the peopl live in the societi and the literatur written , and all these thing reflect the progress and prosper of the nation . as far as the role of young peopl in the developm of the societi or commun is concern , i am complet agre with the fact that young peopl are not pay much attent toward their societi now day . young peopl act as the base for ani societi becaus thay have the energi and courag . they are the flag carri of their commun . ani commuin is reflect by it younger gener . but now day young peopl are not understand their duti toward their commun and their nation . peopl are geet more and more self centr and thi selfish is lead them toward thi . peopl should realiz that it onli the commun that is go to help them . one can not live in isol . let us take a exampl to explain thi point . suppos if we isol a person from a commun then would the person will serviv ? the answer is definit neg . one can not surviv without an environ . the person is depend on the commun for hi basic need . all the function of a commun are inter-depend . one can not perform all the fuction alon . so here the youth need to underst the fact that they can not surviv without a societi . secondli , if you are live in an environ then there would be a proper balanc between you and the environ . your environ must be a develop one in the same way as you are . to explain thi point let us take the exampl of a tree surround by a dirti land then definetli that dirti surround are go to hinder the growth of the tree . so we must learn here the import of commun and it develop . nowday youth are not contribut toward the develop of their commun . they must realliz the fact that develop can not be made alon . you wo n't be cosid as the develop person until unless you belong to a develop nation . so in conclus of my view i would like to state that young peopl , includ me as well , should realliz their duti toward their commun and should come forward to uplift it . i would like to urg them to work for the prosper and develop of their commun .