concept are gener defin as gener idea wherea fact are link with event that happen , thing which are less abstract . so , say that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact is quit restrict . it is clear to me that student need both . i think inde that learn fact on which you can lay yourself to understand concept is essenti . for a student in histori for exampl , fact and date are the basi to think about a larger period . the concept of power for instanc often need to be illustr by behavior of king or presid in europ for centuri . in thi case , know accur fact feed your thought . on the other hand , one could argu that for a student in philosophi , idea and concept are much more import than fact . or for a student in mathemat too . all thi lead me to believ that fact sometim can be put apart . yet , when you can help you with fact , i think concept are easier to understand . in scientif subject especi . likewis , in a physic cours about graviti , show an appl fall onto the floor is a good way to start the lesson . what i mean is that the applic of the principl , under the shape of a fact ( the appl is attract by the earth ) , is as well import as the gener idea . yet , it is also interest to think twice about the question : what is the most import for a student , to understand or to learn ? thi is a complex issu . normal , as i said , learn should lead and help to the understand . but whi not onli understand thing ? whi not onli applic a pattern of think that you got when you understood one system ? becaus i think that peopl should make profit of their capac to learn thing and then to make link with other in order to understand new thing that nobodi taught them . as a conclus , i would say that learn fact is as import as understand idea and concept , even if it can depend on the subject ( histori , philosophi , geographi . .. ) . i think that they are complementari . understand grammar rule and learn vocabulari are n't they both necessari to express oneself in a foreign languag ?