as an old say goe , in order to be a good scholar or scientist , one should know ` someth about everyth , and everyth about someth ' . thi statement obvious refer to an idealist condit , as it would be veri hard , for ani real-lif person , to thoroughli fulfil ani of the two requir ; it doe quit effect convey , howev , the idea that a detail specialist prepar lose it purpos , without the background of an adequ gener cultur , and convers that gener knowledg itself is futil , if one doe not pick up a field of interest in which to seek excel . i think that broad knowledg can be use as a support , as an exercis for the mind , as an extens sourc of model and possibl that may be appli to one 's own specialist need . specialist knowledg , nowaday , chang by the blink of an eye : i 'm think for instanc of medicin , which is my own field of interest . a good gener cultur will help you absorb new idea and techniqu more quickli and effici , and will help you find new way around problem . in fact , gather specialist knowledg is all about follow the step of the great who preced you in your own path ; but if you are look to open a new way , you may well have to use other model and idea that can be found in your own , peculiar cultur and experi . on the other hand , it is veri difficult to actual do anyth construct , without choos to special in some branch of knowledg of scienc . ` know someth anout everyth ' , to get back to the old say , can hardli take anyon to have a job , or to do it well . .. draw my conclus , i would say that i mainli disagre with the statement provid , in that i think that special is essenti to play a product , origin role in ani branch of cultur and , i daresay societi . gener knowledg , anyway , reman a power tool to help you excel in your own special field . i would end by suggest that , until the age of 18 or so , educ should be aim at build up gener knowledg , or , better , to format rather than to instruct . then , everyon who choos to go on studi should be encourag to choos a fit special . i think that in my countri right now , commit choic in young peopl 's learn path are be way too much anticip , and the risk is that the profession of the futur be narrow-mind super-expert .