the author assert that the young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . i disagre with thi statement . as the mani young peopl are truli devot toward their commun . the green is the color of youth . it reflect immatur , innoc . they are the effluent sourc of energi and enthusiasm . ani of the cultur , is incomplet without the presenc of the youth . the most famou paradigm of a juvenil is the outstand billgat . he ha not onli turn the world by introduc the microsoft , but also ha shown a path toward an unpreced softwar boon . he is the one of the richest person in thi world . he ha help hi commun by yearli donat million of dollar for the benefit of the disabl and orphan student . there are astronom number of peopl who are young and who have contribut to thier societi . like the famou sameer bhatiya , he brought the revolut inn our commun technolog by introduc the use of email . secondli the particip of younger gener in a countri polit for the better of the societi ca n't be overrul . most of the young peopl seek oppourtun to stand in elect . moreov the partcip of the youth in case of the crise ca n't be underst . whether one consid the day of the most danger event of fall of the twin tower or it be the case of london bombblast . the youth had serv veri well at these time of crise by risk their own life . thridli if you look at the statist of number of scientist and engin , one can markedli see that youth is fulli devot to it commun with the help of their individu field . everi year the number of peopl go to the space involv the major as youth . the most widespread fie of biotechnolog and neurolog have their most of the aspir as youngster . often young peopl are miss understood for not work for thier commun . peopl think that today 's youth is more involv in self enjoy . it is sometim state respons for the danger ail in th societi . like the increas aid , more an more consumpt of alchol . but the scenario is other way round . he youth ha nowday becam more respons for himself , for hie parent and for hi communite .