someon say that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun , well , i agre with thi statement . think about twenti year ago , for exampl , we can find out how young peopl realli care about their commun and the societi as a whole . the issu of homeless , poor famili and enviro had a central role in debact and confer , and parent thought their children how to be respons for public good and other peopl 's thing . the fact that govern decid the end of the compulsori navi servic , give young men the chanc to choos wheter go in the navi or do someth use for the commun , clearli is an evid of young peopl 's deeper social committ . nowaday thing have chang , if we made a survey we would find out that onli few young peopl are engag in social activ or take care of their commun . have peopl becam more selffish ? do person ignor the problem affect their commun , such poverti , violenc and drug ? i do n't think thing are follow thi pattern . i think nowaday life take all our freetim and prevent us to take on social activ , actual becaus we lack the time to do it . i am speak as a young person : i go to univers , where paper and assign take me a great time to be done , moreov i need to work in order to pay the colleg 's fee . i have no time left in my day to help my commun . the greatest thing i can do is to donat to the church part of my save , and i think i feel compel to do thi becaus i have n't the chanc to do real activ , for the reason i mention befor . in my opinion all the student face the same difficulti i do , they are not selfish and they realli would like to help other peopl , but their daili life make it difficult . for exampl a friend of mine , who studi medic scienc and spend all hi time at univers , decid last christma , togeth with hi girlfriend , to adopt a child live in the third world . the child is n't live with them , they just provid him money for hi educ and growth , but thi is an exampl of the exist committ on social problem . i think it is our societi , our way of live , that prevent us from do our best for the other , not the selfish of our heart . if young peopl had more freetim , if it wa n't necessari to studi hard and do their best at work to have just a littl salari , peopl would be happi to help their commun . my grandfath say : ^ give a smile and you will be happyer , the smile will come back in your heart ^ i think it is true , and in conclus i think peopl are not more selfish than they were in the past , they onli need to find a new way of li nowaday young are usual self concern and focus their life on friend , school and amus forget the import of a social help . thi is true ax