onc there ha been an interest tv program about our tranport . there were 2 peopl both travel from point a to point b at the same time , one by privat car and the other one take the public transport , and not surprisingli the result show that the second man got point b earlier becaus there are too mani car on our streeet nowaday . but how about in twenti year time , will it still be same or will it make a chang ? i do believ that there will be fewer car in use than there are today becaus of the follow reason . been annauc that the oil price wa increas and would be rais again later thi year as a result of the war in the middle-east , the privat car diver are experis higher ga cost which might tight their financi situat . that 's whi in the furtur there might be more peopl who would like to give up their car and go on the public transport . secondli , althought there are weathli person who are care about the increas in the oil price they are like to stuck in the traffic jam in the earli morn to their offic . one survey ha shown that although the govern are tri to put more attent on the motor way to reduc the terribl traffic jam especi dure the rush hour , the consumpt of car is speed much faster . that 's we could rare see ani improv in our road which might forc some of the driver to give up their car . thirdli after can not ani benefit of the develop on the motor way the govern is actrual work on the public transport which can take more peopl at one time . there are seper bu road on the ground to enhanc they are travel smoothli ; there are some rebuilt of the undergroud to make it more convin and capabl to travel with ; there are even more rail servic undercontruct to improv our daili transport . although there are some peopl who are still agru how comfort to be in their car , i think if consid how much time they would have wast dure the traffic jam they would chang their mind . after twenti year i believ that peopl will be even more busi than now , and be provid a faster and equal comfort choic of travel , i can not see ani reason whi they would not give up the car . that 's whi i also believ that there would be fewer car in our citi .