i agre that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . be young myself , i can mirror my experi and provid reason whi young peopl are not give enough time to help their commun . first of all , it a competit world these day . the day the child is born , the parent of the child start prepar a road map for their child and befor the child can understand anyth about life he is on hi way to reach that perfect goal . in the run for that ultim achiev , he get so occupi in hi own struggl that he forget that there 's a commun also which need hi servic . as he struggl harder he get more and more self center . in the fast pace of today world , when everyth is get nucleat , peopl are loos touch with each other and that is one big reason the young peopl are find less and less time to help their commun . anoth similar reason is that as the world is becom smaller and globalis , peopl are move from their nativ place to newer destin for job or person reason . thi shift make them loos touch with their commun as they struggl to get absorb in the new place . with success gener , they get farther and farther from their nativ cultur and commun and at the same time they do not feel one with the new commun they becom a part of and becaus of thi reason they are not abl to contribut fulli to the new commun also . furthermor , there ha been a degrad in moral these day . the spirit of commun over oneself ha given way to more selfish aspir . one factor that i would ascrib to thi degrad is lack of interest on the part of parent to teach their children properli and give them lesson in commun work . as the parent themselv are occupi in their life they forget to teach their children a lesson or two about commun servic . final , there ha been a grow tendenc among youngster to look at the govern for welfar work . they feel it is the govern 's duti to help in the develop of commun . they do not activ particip becaus of their expect from the govern . what is requir rather is a more activ role from young peopl in help their commun and realis their duti toward the commun .