ye , i think that is true . in twenti year later , the popul of thi planet will increas more and more . for exampl , focu on a countri which ha a big popul and accord to research , we ressum the chines peopl will increas even more in the futur . of cours , i am not talk about just popul of china but also how larg china is . there are still number of place that not so mani peopl live in china . when the popul will increas in china , peopl will move to all over the china which doe not have much popul . then they might live in forest , near by the river , anywher could be possibl to live in . then what do we need to use for vehicl ? i think we need more car when it would happen in china . then they start to offer more car or they might produc more car by theirself in china . if they have such a lond distanc in a countri , of cours they want to have a vehicl . it take too much time to ride a hors to go somewher , it is too slow to ride a bike . then what we want ? ye , that is a car . of cours , they want to ride someth that do not wast their time . time is veri import in thi societi , if we do not want to wast the time in thi moment , we will do anyth make our time more . bring back what i said , it is not onli about china , also we japanes , we have more and more popul peopl use a car nowday . i think there are anoth few reason to think whi peopl use so much car nowday . one , we have been creat so mani technolog and electron machin in thi cenrtri . for exampl , we use to write someth by a pen when they write letter . but now , we have such a smart comput and cell phone so we do not even tri to write down on paper . that is what is happen with car too . we have been reli on technolog too much , therefor we have been lazi . we human , we do not do someth by all ourself i think . but we can alway go back to pass and think about how our ancient did make to live . now we reli on comput too much but in the futur we will count on car as well . i think we will forget how to walk and do exercis if we will use car a lot .