i think that is imposs to simpli answer to thi question just say ye or not . person , i think that a deep understand of idea is strictli connect with the learn of the fact . i want to be clear : obvious i do not think that learn is a just a process of memor stuff like year , formula , concept or definit . i think that a deepper understand is necessari , but the latter is imposs without the former and viceversa . i will make an exampl , from my major field of studi , that is philosophi of music : it is easi to imagin that learn fact is necessari to understand idea . it is necessari to have a good knowledg about histori fact about our music histori , like when a compos wrote a specif composit , when specif type of environ develop just to allow peopl to listen to music in silenc , when compos start to use write to preserv their work , how thi symbol system evolv dure the centuri . when you have learn the fact , at thi point it is possibl for you to understand the main idea . it will be useful to exammine the understand of the idea of authent in practic perform . it is import to know , for exampl , when a particular instrument start to be use by compos , in other word when it wa invent , and how the perform red the score in the baroqu period to understand the idea of an authent perform of thi kind of music . if you do not know which wa the origin set of a perform and how the perform play their instrument , how can you think about authent ? without a good histor ground , someth like a foundat in fact , your idea will be complet arbitrari and your understand just a lie . as wittgenstein said : `` let the fact speak for themselv '' . thi sentenc doe not mean that through fact when can discov the final truth , thi is just for god , but we can say someth of meaningful , that could describ in a useful way the world we live in . veri often who consid learn fact just a stupid thing , a way to loos time , is someon not so good at school , that probabl doe not know the fact . hold that posit probabl he is tri to apolog himself , becaus he doe not no . it sound like the stori of the fox that could not get the fruit she want . she final said : `` thi fruit is not good to eat '' . who consid learn fact as unuseful act like the fox in the tale .