peopl have their own way to enjoy their life . old , young , men , women they all spend their time differ as the way they want . howev , some peopl say that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . some peopl would disagre with thi statement becaus younger peopl do n't realli know about the life than older peopl becaus they did n't experi their life as long as older peopl did . howev , as for me , i think young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do becaus younger peopl have more contact with their friend , and activ to enjoy . first , young peopl ha mani organ to keep contact with their friend and also make new relat with other such as facil like school , or medium like blog . they meet other through these organ and keep contact with them . with mani friend , they can fulli enjoy their life rather than be alon . old peopl howev , seem to have difficulti in keep in touch with their old friend so they spend most of their time alon , or with their famili . for exampl , when travel alon , i enjoy it for the first day , but as time goe by i find it routin to take pictur of onli land scape , and eat alon . but when i travel with my friend , we can take pictur of each other , and talk and chatter while transport to the next place to tour . it is more enjoy to be with friend than be alon . second , young peopl know what they want and what they like . they would rather spend their time do what they like than work over-tim for more incom . they can spend their leisur time do whatev they want sinc they have more enterta program which did n't exist at old peopl 's young era . for exampl , when i have leisur time i can go and see exibit , movi theater , or sport event . most of old peopl doe n't like these activ becaus they did n't experi these when they were young . instead they have interest in activ which seem to be routin to young , such as garden , or fish . in conclus , even peopl have their own way to enjoy their life , young peopl know how to enjoy their life more , becaus they have medium to help them to keep contact with their friend , and facil to enjoy their spare time .