success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . thi statement is say that success peopl take risk and i am kind of agre with it by the fact that they are alreadi success mean that they do n't have a lot to lose . i will , in a first part describ how success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well , in a secon part , whi not , stay in the same field without take risk ? success peopl tri new thing and take risk . we can say that some of the success peopl tri new thing in the fact of get into someth new , someth that they are not in and they take risk . those risk they take is to tri someth new , to show to themselv that they can succeed in a new field . now , whi take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do ? mayb to tri some other thing , to be oppen-mind , to know differ thing , sensat and feel . we can take the exempl of arnorld shwazeneg who is an actor but also the mair of california . he wa a success person as an actor but who could ever imagin him as a politici member ? thu , success peopl like to take risk , to prove to themselv that they can succeed in difer field . moreov , we can ask ourselv : whi take risk ? and whi not stay in the same field where they are do what they alreadi know how to do well ? actual , it depen on the charact of each person , some like new thing and risk to get into someth new all the rise , some prefer to stay in the same special by do what they alreadi know how to do . although , to conclud , i will say that i am agre with the follow statement : success peopl tri new thing an take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . onc , by the fact that success peopl have all the key to take risk even if it doe n't work . then , they are alreadi success in what they are do so , they can take the risk to tri someth new . and , it realli depen on the person , some like new sensat , to tri new thing , even if they do not succeed , at least , they have tri .