in my opinion , the term ` enjoy ' is veri subject . it is a state of mind which may be experienc both by the young and the age . to the youth , ` enjoy ' could refer to socialis with their friend , parti , watch movi , adventur sport such as scuba dive . wherea , to an old coupl , enjoy coul impli relax at home , spend time with famili , take vacat or simpli spend time at an aromatherapi spa . so to take a stand on which age group ` enjoy ' life more is rather difficult . howev , if we defin ` enjoy ' as the feel of experienc the ` high ' of life , of take full advantag of all the opportun avail to us today , then i believ , it is the youth which ha more of an advantag . the most import advantag that the younger peopl have is their health . not to say that older peopl are alway sick , younger peopl tend to be fitter , healthier and more energet so as to be abl to avail of more pleasur of life . let take for instanc the exampl of scuba dive or treck . it is most like that a yound person would be much fitter to enjoy such activ . there are mani case where older peopl are not even allow to particip in activit on account of risk of heart failur , unfavor atmospher condit ( para glide ) etc . howev , mani old peopl are fit to underatk these risk , they are gener advis not to . moreov , the youth ha a zest for life which is not veri often seen in the older gener . thi is not to say that the age dont appreci life , it is just that the youth ha more to look forward to than the elderli . what is unknown , alway entic . to elabor , the young look forward to all the thing that are in store for them for e.g graduat , go to colleg , take vacat with their friend , travel the world . while on the other hand , the age have alreday been through the variou stage of life and are not particularli excit about the futur . infact most of them are more involv in the live and problem of their children who are busi ` enjoy ' life . as one grow older , the weight on respons on one shoulder increas . it is not possibl for older peopl to take the same kind of risk the youth can take , may it be health-rel , famili relat of even financi . let us consid the case of a graduat student and an old man who ha a famili of five . the student is more like to splurg hi money on enjomnet activ such as parti , membership os sport club , travel than a man who need to save hi money in order to support hi famili . thu it lead us to the conclus that , younger peopl have fewer financi restraint than older who need to support their famili to conclud , it can be reiter that ` enjoy ' is an highli subject term and may mean differ thing to differ age group . though our strict definit of ` enjoy ' doe bring to light the fact that younger peopl ahv more time , money and energi to spend on enjoy activ , the argument is in now way insul from except . except are alway there is everi walk of life and so there might alway older peopl who ` enjoy ' life more than the youth .