i total agre with the belief that to have a broad knowledg in mani differ academ subject is more valuabl than to narrow down in a singl subject that you could total master . there are undoubtedli mani advantag to be veri focus on a specif subject ; for exampl mani scientif discoveri would not have been found unless there were some peopl that studi a lot a precis and narrow domain , such as sub-nuclear physic or organ chemistri . nevertheless i think that nowaday a broader cultur and educ are much more valuabl , in order to be a success in both your career and person life . a broadli educ person could also contribut much more to the well and prosper of societi . an exampl that come to my mind is the current debat about bioethic : for the societi as a whole it is much more import that we have wellround peopl capabl of understand and debat about the social consequ of human clonat , rather than some scientist that develop the technic method to make it possibl . in gener i see that the world is becom realli complex and all the job requir a set of differ skill that you can have onli with a broad educ . that 's also whi univers all over the world have alreadi begun to offer joint-program or even truli multi-discliplinari degre . one exampl could be bio-engin , which is the combin of a medic degre and an engin degre . anoth exampl could be the introduct in some mba program of ethic class : they not onli want to educ peopl to becom success leader but also want to teach them the consequ of their act in the societi , and how to act correctli and by the rule . i think that thi focu toward broad and round is part of mankind progress . two centuri ago to be succesful and happi you onli had to learn your job and stick to it for your whole life . nowaday everi four year you chang job , you mayb move in anoth countri , and you face alway new experi and challeng . in such an enviro and dinam situat you are sure better off with a broad knowledg than a deep a specif one on a singl domain .