christoph columbu wa the first european to discov the contin america . he wa an explor . i thinkt it is quit evid to everybodi that in order to reach hi aim he had to take a lot of risk and final , although america is not india , he succeed . but is it alway necessari to take risk in order to be a success person . with regard to thi question the first thing to come into my mind is that there are actual a lot of peopl who are highli success without ever take much risk in their life . i am talk about peopl who have a pleasant childhood , who have nice parent that are awar of their responsibilti of be parent . parent who care about the educ of their children . mostli those children have fewer problem at school which mean they have better mark and therefor are allow to studi on well-reput univers and final becom for exampl high-paid businessmen . they never take much risk and still becom success . moreov i am not sure if it would not be better to focu on your strength . michael porter for instanc affirm , that compani should rather focu on their compet instead of tri to enhanc their weak . in my view that is applic for human-b . you probabl could be much more success if you tri to enhanc your alreadi exist skill than to start to learn new skill , and of cours that is less riski . but on the other hand there is no deni the fact that there are numer exampl , like kolumbu , which proof that a certain amount of risk is a premis for success . that for exampl can easili on the stock market . the stock that yield the highest profit are also those which can cost you a lot of money - they are highli riski . and of cours the exmapl of the businessmen is onli some kind of a stereotyp . often one ha to make difficult decis in order to reach one | 's aim in the work life . decis alway equal potenti risk . suppos you get a challeng high-paid job offer in asia . then you could jump on it take the risk of go into a new countri and be expos to strang and mayb unkind peopl or you could deni it and stay in your homecountri earn an averag amount of money lead a normal life . take all the relev aspect into consider i reach the conclus that it is alway a trade-off . you can either be success take no risk an reli on your old skill or you can be success take a lot of risk by go a new and differ way . therefor i can not total agre with thi statement .