i storongli gree the statement , most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . the attract advertis in commerci tv , newspap , and magazin sometim make product seem much better and attept to buy them . there are three reason whi i think so and let me explain each of them with exampl . first , advertis are pretend their real charact . macdonald is good exampl . their advertis are look tasti , less expens , get healthi use some veget . i 'm also love'in it . howev , they use the artifici tast in the strawberri milk shake to pretend the tast . addit they serv the food with a lot of carbonhydr in humbergar and fri potato , and sugar in beverag , such as coke . i think no condum know how affect the damag for their health , especi diabat for young teenag . second , advertis give consum wit addit better imag for product . for exampl , current , 99 % cacao chocol is veri popular for consum in my home countri , japan and look tasti use organ pure cacao . the advertis also indic the tast of proxim pure cacao as the product . so , i bought the three packag of them in the groceri store . howev , the tast is quit bitter and hard to eat the complet one packag . i feel some frustrat to the manufactur and commerci compani which creat the advertis . third , advertis sometim say fals fact use the product . one mushroom , agar , had been believ as effect treatmnent for cancer , stomach cancer in particular . the compani also showd thi is effect rather than the medicin or surgeri . howev , gover show thi is not effect , sometim caus the addit diseas for patient . the presid in the compani said that he also believ the effici of the mushroom and reput from other pharmal compani . i think that the compani or manufactur are requir to research the benefit of the product , even they seem much better . in conclus , i strongli agre the statement abov . howev , manufactur need to sell the product and sometim need exagger phrase in the advertis . we do not need ani phrase magic in the advertis in term of the consum , i hope compani shold not tri to deceiv the consum and just honestri to labour in the compani and consum .