i agre that it would be betther to have diversifi knowledg in mani field , rather than focus on a particular subject . in mani univers around the world , the idea of provid all-round educ for student ha been promot in recent year , which would be the proof of a need of have broad knowledg . there are sever reason support my view . first , the boundari of subject sometim are difficult to be distinguish sinc most subject have connect with the other . for instanc , the lear of account would also requir some comput skill sinc account nowaday is not confin to manual work . therefor , if we have alreadi accumul fundament knowledg on the use of specif softwar like myob , it would definit help learn the core subject more effect . second , we would alway encount peopl from differ stream of studi and differ knowledg , and therefor if we have knowledg in the other field , it would be easier for us to start a convers and learn from the other . we would know the philosophi of differ kind of peopl sinc peopl often develop their logic base on their knowledg and experi learnt from their field of studi . henc , we may find it easi to cooper with the other when work in the societi . last but not least , it would help us develop critic think skill with accumul knowledg in other field . if we onli concentr on studi our own major subject , our think and idea would be confin to a particular rout . take the subject of econom and account as an exampl , in econom , student would be taught that asset would be determin on cash basi . howev , throughout the learn of account , student would be expos to accrual concept , which is to recogn our futur revenu as our incom at the moment . from the abov exampl , we can see that student with both econom and account knowleg may be expos to disimilar idea on the relat topic , so that they would learn more about the incomplet of specif subject . all in all , we would becom all-round if we can receiv fundament knowledg in numer field . the more divers the knowledg we have , the less difficulti we would have dure our learn and work .