look at the rapid increas in the scienc and technolog i feel that there would be certainli much more car on road than there are today . automobil industri form a big part of the gross domest product for ani countri . a reduct in the product of car wich are the main compon of the automobil industri mean a dwindl in the gross domest product which can be a huge loss to the nation 's per capita incom . no countri would ever risk upon it economi and live standard of it citizen . car reduc the distanc that seem to be far off by public transport . with internet , telephon , radio and all other mean of commun and facilti such as a small pantri and air condition be avail in today 's car travel by a car is much more comfort . the multin compani attract the unemploy by provid perk and facil which includ provid them with car for transport . sinc most of the multin compani are mass recruit so a mass recruit everi session mean a huge increas in the number of car . car are use to provud cab facil to peopl who can not own one and these cab are particularli help to the tourist or peopl who are new to a place and are not awar about the mean to commut . almost all the countri have special assign car for their govern offici . with the increas in the popul and the consequ increas in the govern offici govern these peopl the increas in the number of car is certain . with the innov and new scientif research be carri out everyday new car are be develop that offer a higher mileag at much cheaper maintan cost . they are definit better than reli on publictransport which is not realli conveni at all time . own a car mean you can move to ani place at anytim along with your famili so peopl would definit prefer go in for the better car that are introduc into the market everyday . own a car ha becom a standard for some peopl that consid it to reflect their lifestyl so they will definit prefer buy car . the peopl todat are much more intellig than ever befor they are earn handsom amount of money and want to flaunt with the best of car and the most modern one with the latest technolog . person i would say that i would rather go by a car instead of the public transport . not onli will it more conveni to reach my destin on time it will simultan provid all the facil on my toe .