iam total disagre with thi statement that `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . '' car , which wa the travel mode ( veneg ) for the privileg class in earli 20th centuri , but with the growth of the technolog now the car is there in everi hous and in everi street . the new technolog make the use of car more reliabl and inexpens . after twenti year , the use of car will definet increas with the inov of new new automobil technolog . the use of solar car will replac the use of fuel feed car . the modern technolog made solar car but still it is rare to find them in street . becaus they are veri expens . but after twenti year thi expens mode will also be avail at reliabl rate . the construct of fli over , underground tunnel and the highway were help the peopl to go from one place to anoth with save their time which otherwis they lost by hang out in the heavi rush . but how the peopl will travel from one place to anoth ? they will prefer for self vehicl . and if the solar car which will be reliabl to get then whi the use of car after twenti year will decreas ? everi one want to live a fast and speedi life . then whi they will wast their time by depend on buse , train . they will tri to have their own vehicl and the vehicl which is comfort and inexpens . after twenti year the car rate will defenit be reduc and everi one will have their own car . the problem after twenti year for use the car will be of fuel , which is probabl at the stage of extinct . but technolog is make the solut of thi problem also . the solar fuel , the energi trap by solar modul which store the energi and transform thi energi to electr energi . so the use of solar car will be both the solut for fossil fuel extinct as well as for pollut free fuel . so in the next twenti year the peopl will make use of solar vehicl and if the solar car will be avail then whi not solar car , which is more reliabl , inexpens after twenti year , pollut free vehicl and free of petrol or ani other fossil fuel . in conclus , it is quit definit that after twenti year the use of car will increas onli becaus of new techolog like solar technolog , automobil technolog and also becaus of construct of big big flyover , tunnel and highway . the life of the peopl after twenti year will be more fast and henc the use of these solar car will increas .