i believ that the young peopl nowaday are at least tri to give enough time to help their commun . it seem as if we are not help at all becaus we do not have enough time in our live to fulli commit a hundr percent of ourselv in the servic . howev , we can help other littl by litt . what are our commun anyway ? are they countri or neighbor ? at least my school , american school in japan , focus on servic to our commun , both countri and neighbor . i recent join a club in my school call sok sabay , which support cambodian orphanag to provid home and food suppli . it is a non-profit organ and all of our profit that we make as a club goe straight to the shelter in cambodia . we sometim collect cloth , pencil , toy , and book for children and send them . then we get thank letter from those children , which is are primari sourc of our happi and motiv for commit in the club . sok sabay is not the onli non-profit organ in my school . there are habitat for human , phillipin relief organ , and unicef . most of the student join in one of those club , and some of them even join in all of them . although we are busi with our live , we do tri to somehow be in part of the servic program for other countri . i am also in nation honor societi , which strongli focus on servic program , especi toward our neighbor commun . we make rice ball for homeless peopl on the weekend , and visit orphanag shelter about onc a month . although it is option to attend those acit , most of the member of nh help willingli . we also support the runnathon acit onc a year with american club . moreov , we have meet almost everi week to keep in our mind that we are nh member and it is necessari to think about the issu of servic program . we activ help and support our neighbor . although there are young peopl who do not care about other at all , i believ that peopl in my school are differ . we know somehow that we should be in part of some servic , or at least think about it . i do not believ in necess of have enough time for servic . noth is enough , therefor , we need to keep remind ourselv that take an action worth while . even a littl action can help someon , and that is how my school build the sens of servic toward other .