i disagre with the concept of have a gener knowledg of a broad varieti of subject compar to special in one field . in my opinion it is better to focu on one academ subject becaus it achiev more and the achiev is more thorough . in today competit world , i understand the importanceof have knowledg , regard variou subject , but i think , such knowledg should be pursu at lower level of educ , such as colleg or high school , to develop the overal person of the student . howev , in higher educ special is a must , sinc , it provid greater opportun for the futur and experi dure the period of train . for exampl , if you look around , those doctor who do not pursu a specialti cours ( gener praction ) tend to do well in their practic , but those who do special , run a spectacular practic . thi is relev to both the natur of case treat and the salari earn . the specialist see rare case , reffer to him by the gener praction , increas hi knowledg in hi chosen field . he is better abl to treat the condit and natur earn more , as well . anoth exampl - on compar the job allot to postgradu with those allot to the graduat , one can see the prefer is given to the former . a law student is more like to be recruit with a prestigi firm than the averag high school pass-out . experi play an import role here , becaus there is channelis of forc act to achiev the higher goal . also , if one want a broad knowledg of subject , the number of goal natur increas . thi requir time , effort and money . consequ , effici is greatli reduc and complet knowledg of each subject can be easili compromis . in my experi as a student i realis i did well in the year when i had thre subject to cover in undergradu school as compar to when i had four subject . in all fair , subject in each year requir intens read . similarli , i have notic that the class valedictorian , usual , excel in one or two subject and not each subject , clearli show how difficult it is to master each . `` the jack of all trade , the master of none . '' i would not llike to be associ with that phrase becaus i think it undermin the motiv to succeed . success , for me is the attain of a goal , which requir focu . if there are numer path to follow then success can not be gain beacus of loss of focu . i believ in a firm foundat of knowledg of mani topic upon which i can build my expertis ,, just like a plane wih a braod middl and a point tip , which is in conform with the principl of aerodynam .