person , i agre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . thi is becaus young peopl are more energet , more healthi and have more adventur . first of all , younger peopl tend to have stronger bodi ; they are full of energi . they can play a lot of excit sport . for exampl , younger peopl can pali basketbal , rock climb , snowboard and so on . howev , these kind of sport will not be veri good for elder becaus they tend to be tire veri soon and they will not be abl to enjoy themselv . moreov , younger peopl are abl to recov veri fast after big game so that they can be readi for their next activ . in addit to be more energet , yonger peopl are healthier . they tend to have strong bodi becaus they are grow up instead of get old . be strong ha the advantag of enjoy their live more . for instanc , young peopl can eat almost anyth they want to eat such junk food . thi is becaus they do not have to worri about get some diseas . on the other hand , older peopl have to worri about their diet all the time becaus they tend to have problem with ill such as diabet . have healthi bodi trueli are the big advantag for young peopl to enjoy their live more . final , younger peopl will have more adventur . thi is becaus they have more time than the elder do . for exampl , younger peopl are abl to chang job onc a year , and they are not worri becaus they can alway find a job . even if in a labour work , younger peopl are fit . they can at least make their end come meet . most of all , they can spend their leisur time do lot of activ such as travel aroung . as for older peopl , they may not have as much oppotun as younger peopl do . they have to be care all the time and worri about lose their job . and they defin do not have the time to explor our modern societi . it is clear that younger peopl will enjoy their live more . thi is becaus they have more energi . also , they have stronger and healthier bodi . last but not least , they are abl to spend more time on come across their excit life experi .