either from news articl of a magazin or stori told by close friend and rel , you 'll get mani chanc to hear about travel . in fact , travel is a common topic in convers and an import part of our experi . but , if you actual think about persu a trip to a place you 've never been befor , you 'll have to make a crucial decis on the method of travel : travel in a group led by a tour guid or travel without a tour guid . but , consid the mani pleasur you 'll miss by choos a travel led by a tour guid , the former method can not be the best way of travel . peopl , who support the idea of travel in a group led by a tour guid , maintain that thi method can reduc mistak and accid involv in confront a new cultur and place . for exampl , if you travel to thailand and touch a person in the head by your left hand , you 'll find a irat person without realli know the reason . of cours , travel with a tour guid will prevent these mistak . but , as mistak lead to better understand of a differ cultur and make the travel itself more memor , mistak itself constitut a valuabl part of your travel . peopl support travel with a tour guid is overlook thi essenti part of travel . there are also disadvantag involv in travel in a group led by a tour guid itself . first , thi kind of travel leav you with no opportun to meet local peopl . as a great travel and novelist in korea onc point out , three essenti element of travel are natur , food , and peopl . by travel with a tour guid , you have to follow the rule in the group and are alway busi follow the group 's schedul . thi leav you no time to have a nice convers with the local peopl and no chanc to make a friend . thi show that travel with a tour guid is lack one the essenti element of travel . second , travel led by a tour guid leav no room for you to obtain a better understand of the region . of cours , travel in a group led by a tour guid will lead you to see the monument that repres that region in a more effici way . if you travel rome , the capit of itali , in thi way , you will be veri impress with the old monument such as the colosseum and will want to visit again . but , you will miss the golden opportun to see the variou street of rome and better understand the current situat of itali , which would 've led to a better understand of the cultur of itali . in conclus , travel in a group led by a tour guid prevent you from meet the peopl of the local region and gain a better understand of the local cultur . even mistak made by travel without a guid will enrich your travel experi and make it more memor . henc , the argument that the best way of travel is in a group led by a tour guid can not be justifi .