the choic between choos between `` broad knolwedg of mani acedem subject than to special in some specif subject '' --- is case and context specif in my person view . that is neither i negat nor do i concur with the given statement . if a person/project 's aim is to have some pripher understand and work knowledg of some broader disciplin and make a reson profit out of it along with some of the prerequisit , it is better one choos broad knowledg of mani disciplin . it work well for a low or averag ambiti person/project where detail of the task are unnecessari . i.e prefer `` wide extens than select intens '' it work well upto undergradu ( in case of student ) who eventu becom some middl level employ where exposur matter than depth . same is ok for school teacher also ( who teach upto 12 th class where motiv and inspir student is of paramount import ) . where as for those task which demand a thorough knoledg , clariti of fundament so that known knoldeg can be succes appli to other social product purpos , one ha to choos specilz in specif . as an exampl if one is interest in a scientif mission to achiv someth useful/spectacular with far reach ramif in gener and amelior of societi in particular , one ha to special where indegen expert requir . if view from the perspect of short term gain , broader knowledg approach yield the desir result . on the other hand if long term fruit are aim at one should special in a varieti of stream so that over a long run they becom worth the invest of time , energi , and human resourc spent . as an exampl if one take the research dure second world war , it wa mostli aim at immedi return in term of defence/militari / superior . and mostli such kind of work were support larg . ofcours except are alway there . later in the post war era , peopl have broaden their horizon of researcha nd mani sub topic then have now becom major disciplin . so befor zero in on a specif approach , short term plan and long term goal have to defin and base on specif one ha to choos the approach .