i disagre with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . in out real life , although we often travel with a tour guid , it is more fun to discov the excit cover by the mask of the place you visit all by yourself . some of you might say that it is more fun to travel with a tour sinc you are not familiar with the place you are go to , but what i think is that travel with a tour actual doe n't give you more inform about the local build or spot you are visit than just travel by yourself . if a final , perfect travel ha to be accomplish , one ha to collect all the inform one need and start the unmask discoveri adventur not just pay lot of money and have to wait for the buse in the morn and later found out that someon ha troubl with the payment and the schedul is delay . travel with a guid tour usual ha no person space dure the schedul . go with peopl scrambl togeth can not genrante your individu action might be appropri to other . you might want to do some break danc dure the break or listen to the music loudli , but there is alway someon in your group might disagre with your action . you might experi peac while you are along , and so doe travel . if you travel with a group , you might have to endur the nois surround you sinc there are peopl talk or do their person stuff that you probabl would explod and start complain ; on the other hand , if you travel along , the problem doe not exist anymor . accid ha more chanc to happen between peopl than a person along , accord our histori that mob are usual the headach of the govern and accid happen more frequent within the unstabl group . so if one travel along , he might get a happi trip after the day off , but if one travel with a group led by a tour guid , there absolut will be accid such as peopl miss , peopl fight , or someon fall into the water and break hi leg . the last benefit provid by travel along is no time restrict . sinc it is all by your own , you are the tour guid , it is you who decid where the trip is take place and how the trip is go to be . travel along ha more benefit than travel with a group of peopl led by a tour guid .