the issu that whether success peopl need to tri the riski thing to make their career success or ju do thing known welli a complex and sensit one , which onw peopl prefer depend one their person experi famili background and emot concern . thu it is sensibl that differ peopl have differ choic . for my person perspect , i share my idea with those peopl who choos success peopl alway tri new thing , and the reason provid below . to begin with , the most import reason to support my view is that new thing alway mean high profit , in anoth word i mean new thing although have much more risk than those thing alreadi known well , they can give the peopl more money and the oppertun to success . the well-known thing ' profit are alreadi known by everyon , so it is hard for peopl to make larg money in these area , but the unknown area are much differ , they can easili provid larg chanc to success , sinc high risk mean high profit ! so after disscu abov we can easili know my view . in addit , there is anoth signific reason to support my opinion is that threr are lot of success peopl in the world have the expeienc to tri some new riski thing . such as the bill gate and some other success bussinessmen , gate as shut up hi studi in the univers even the one is a world famou one when he wa young and began hi career of found mircosoft cooper , thi is unimag in normal peopl 's mind , but he actuarlli win thi game and now becom the most success man in the world . so we can easili see from the gate ' case that tri new riski thing can provid opportun to the peopl . although , there are also some advantag in choos do someth well known by peopl and some disadvantag in tri riski thing , the advantag of the riski thing is much obviou . an recent statist conduct by the canadian bureau show that nearli 87.11 % of peopl prefer that most success peopl in the world have ever tri new riski thing , there are onli 12.89 % of peopl prefer that success peopl alway do thing their konwn well . so after that , we can easili konw that success peopl alway tri thing new and riski . to sum up , after all thing disscuss abov , which intertwin to form an organ whole , we can arriv the conclus that : success peopl alway tri thind new .