i agre with the concept that most advertis make product seem much better becaus i experienc the same event . be a consum , i meet first with the new product in magazin or tv advertis . if i get attract to the advertis , i wish to buy the product . thu , most advertis exagger the good side of the product becaus the produc want the world to buy them . for exampl , most advertis do not mention the side effect of drug even though they can be pretti detriment . one consum drug frequent whenev face with ill . even though it is bad to take the load of them , one take it over and over again until the diseas is gone . i am not sure about american advertis , but in my home advertis , there is no mention about side effect of the drug . there is not much chanc that side effect will appear even 10 percent but i believ it is better to warn the cosum with those beforehand . the produc do not mention about the side effect becaus they want their product to be sold . i believ thi appli to ani other product . thu , advertis repres the product to be better than the real qualiti . for anoth exampl , advertis do not show how long cloth or the white of teeth last for . two year ago , i bought a box of `` white strip '' . i did not pay attent to the last qualiti becaus the advertis did not mention ani of that sort . i tri them for a month and my teeth sure did get whiter but that wa a temporari effect . after a month , my teeth were same as befor if not wors . from that time on , i never buy those product again . consequ , the advertis did not mention that the effect last temporarili becaus they want consum to buy the product . anoth exampl would be diet coke . advertis say that diet coke ha less calori than the origin one . if one ha ever drank diet coke , she will notic that it is sweeter than the real one sinc diet coke use artifici sweetner . accord to the research , artifici sweetner ha no calori but is more harm than the real sugar if consum in larg quantiti . nevertheless , the advertis doe not mention anyth about those inform . it is sel-evid that the advertis give the fals impress . in conclus , advertis are not to be believ complet becaus they omit the bad effect or disadvantag of the product . consum buy the product if they are attract by the advertis and that is produc 's trick : repres the better qualiti of the product to allur the consum .