i strongli agre to the statement that the advertis ( ad ) make the product much better than the actual product . the ad and promot campaign are promot the product to increas their sale and get enough profit but they never take the account of the consum and it advers effect on the user . the daili use product like toiletri and food product , their ad are so tempt that a layman just want to buy them . the ad promot the product with all those qualiti which may not present . some time they make the imag of the product as it ha all super qualiti and it is the ultim solut of all your problem , for exampl the hair care product . now a day a lot peopl are suffer with the hair problem and the compani are promot the product that it is over night wonder and you will be chang person in 2 day or 14 day or so . but is it realli true ?? peopl are just go on the market stunt and they buy it with out know what are the consequ and side effect of the product . i know some peopl who have use these dye and other hair product and now they are suffer with skin problem , which are develop coz of chemic present in these product . similarli the advertis compani which are promot the food product . they also ignnor some concret fact about the ingredi of the product or the qualiti of product . recent thi truth ha been accept by the mac donald that they are use anim fat in preper of so call veggi burger . also , i would like to mention aboout the recent fact that just two day back a big bread compani in england ha been accus of not maintain the standard and qualiti of food as some glass piec and hair are found in bread packet . thu the consum should not just believ on the ad as they are for the benefit of the compani not for the consum . but i would not keep all ad like the promot ad campaign run by govern and some ngo and societi like wwf , who , etc. in to thi categori . their ad are genuin and are purpos fulli made for the benefit of societi and nobl caus . these promot ad should be support and publicis .