some peopl may think that young peopl can enjoy their life more than older peopl while other think that older peopl can realli enjoy their life without restraint . i disagre to the idea that young peopl can enjoy their life than older peopl becaus of time constraint , insuffici money matter and a sort of the burden such as studi or job . first , young peopl gener do n't have enough money exclud small number of fortun peopl . especi in the case of young student , they have to get the money from the parent or make money by work as a part-tim jot . in order to enjoy the life , it take a lot of money . for exampl , mani young peopl would choos travel as a way to enjoy the life . to buy airplan ticket or drive car need fair amount of money . therefor , sinc the young peopl can not afford to pay for travel cost , they can not enjoy their life to their wish . second , young peopl are press to time . in gener , young peopl are student or worker . it mean they belong to the certain school or workplac . in thi sens , student are pretti much busi in keep up with the cours or school work and young worker should work on their job at their workplac . for exampl , as a student , i have been alway busi to do homework and i can not imagin enjoy the life special dure the semest . therfor , becaus of the time constraint , young peopl have mani limit on enjoy themselv . third , young peopl have lot of burden or oblig compar to the older peopl , for instanc , young coupl who have two boy can not relax themselv or enjoy themselv even when they have free time . take care of the chilren and do hous chore can be on-go job for the young peopl in the stage of life . besid thi , they have to support their children by make money . therefor , with the burden and oblig , young peopl who have famili to rais can not find time to enjoy themselv easili . in conclus , young peopl can be the gener to work rather than enjoy . enjoy onself need , in gener sens , money , time and freedom of ani kind of oblig in life . consid the special natur of life style of young peopl , they seem to be more difficult to enjoy themselv than older peopl who are free of the burden for rais the children and then have enough time and money to enjoy .