there is no doubt that advertis play a veri import role in our daili life . advertis main role is to attract peopl to buy a certain product or to go to a specif place ; moreov , advertis help a person to choos between two product by show for exampl that thi product is for high class peopl , it make you a good mom or even tell you that thi product will attract you to the opposit sex . in fact adverti realli make the product seem much better than they realli are . frankli speak , advertis is veri effect esspic that it can spread over differ media . tv is the number one advertis media . becaus the contious increas number of peopl watch tv , most firm use thi advantag to their own benefit by put out advertis dure the match , entertain program or even news . anoth media for advertis is the radio , newspap and other more no one can denay the fact that , advertis can control us ( persuad us ) to choos the product we want to buy . firm use thi advantag by make a highli effect and costli advertis that make the product seem much better than they realli are . for exampl , a car advertis in an news paper show the pictur of the car from the insid , the first impress that a person feel is wow that car is realli big which is in realiti not true it is just a pictur that it is modifi to make the car look bigger . anoth exampl is toothpast advertis , in the advertis it show that thi type of toothpast will clean your teeth 100 % and make them white and shini like crystal which will make you more attract to the oppist sex or gender . as a matter of fact , advertis is becom a veri big lie . final , no one can refus or reject an advertis . most of the peopl and even me beleiv in some of these lie and i go and buy thi `` great '' product and after i tri it i realiz that i have been ripe of by the advertis compani becaus they made the product seem much greater in thier advertis . at the end i would say that i complet agre with the follow statement : most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are .