as i am tri to assess the state of the number of car be use twenti year down the line , we can primarili look into the thing that might actuallli be the core reason , which can minimis the use of car the reason i see for decreas in the number of car is to decreas consumpt of fuel as fuel is be scarc day by day , to decreas the environment pollut , peopl look for more faster mean of transport , might becom too expens . as we can see the reason , to decreas the consumpt of fuel , there is no need to curb the use of car instead we can tri and invent new mean of fuel for ignit , for instanc peopl have alreadi start use cook ga as fuel , but it is agre that it is too danger as a small spark can ignit the whole vehicl , so research ha to be made to develop furthur . and the eas of avail of the cook ga is also speciou , but there is definit altern way to produc fuel anoth reason for decreas might be that maitain a car might becom too expens , as the number of car increas the consumpt of fuel increas too , thi led to decreas in the avail of fuel or over all deplet of the fuel in the world , thi will lead to increas in avail fuel cost . not onli thi for maitain a car , we need a space to park it , increas use of thi mean of trasport on metropolitan citi have decreas the avail of space , sometim get small amout of space is much more expens than one can visual . peopl might choos more reliabl and faster mean of trasport , may be some cheaper air transport . thi not complet imagin idea , but thi alreadi put to practic to creat few plane which can be use by common peopl , if these bcome more compact , easier and faster mean of transport peopl might well opt for the same , but thi might not be possibl in just twenti year . infact , i believ that there might be much more car than the what we current have , if the rais in the use of car is consid . if we just consid the case of develop contri like india , the rais ha been signific for the past twenti year . that can be seen from the fact that number of brand of car that india use to have twenti year befor and what it is now , and also the increas in the traffic level . may be develop countri might have alreadi exhaust their use of car in all their metropolitan citi , but we still have the scope to grow in the develop countri . anoth point that can be describ is the fact that grow popul need increas the scope of travel , thu increas the number of mean of trasport that we use . as popul of the world is defenit in an increas state , there will never be decreas in the number of mean of transport they use . as car is the signific mean of trasport in thi modern world , there are prone to increas too . so , on the whole i believ that will never be fewer car in thi world than today , though