i person agre that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time in help their commun . i for one feel that i myself do not spent enough time help other . mani young peopl ha alreadi forgotten about their commun , forgotten that that are other peopl besid themselv , forgott that the commun need their help and is more than happi to receiv a help hand from them . mani young peopl nowaday are more self absorb than back then . they have learn to be more self driven to their own goal regardless of the sacrific and so on . they learn about individu and competit . they do not realiz the import of help their commun . although there are mani public awar campaign on thi issu but it is not enough to drive the young peopl to help their communti . most of the young peopl are more concern with social statu than anyth els these day . they are preoccupi with be popular than to see what the commun need . they see commun servic as a task or chore or a bore thing to do rather than a healthi and honor action . they do not pictur thi as a cool thing to do and it is probabl not on their prioiriti list . they do not see the bigger pictur of the societi and that other may need a help hand . young peopl nowaday also ha much more sourc of entertain , for exampl there is the wide usag of the comput these day . most young peopl spend most of their time on the comput . they are surf the internet for inform , they are use the comput to commun with other , to play game as well as to obtain other sourc of entertain . other sourc of entertain such as shop mall , coffe joint , club and bar have more appeal to the young peopl nowaday rather than help the commun . due to the time spent on electroninc gadget such as comput , and entertain themselv with other activ such as go out with friend to mall and so on , young peopl have limit free time to help put their commun . they forget the tradit way of commun and help their commun . in conclus , the prioriti of young peopl nowaday ha chang . they tend to forget to put in help other as one of their prioriti as they are veri much goal orient , individu and have mani sourc of entertain these day . hope the young peopl will one day realiz thi and chang their behavior .