allthough mani peopl think that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun , from my point of view thi statement is not correct . i think so becaus of my person expier . i live a short time in africa - and so i think i have a better `` view of the world '' what covinc me . in africa it wa normal that everybodi help eachoth and thi wa the own way to get someth . mayb there is a special situat . there are not enough educ and think 's like that . in the other way the citi look like in europ and you can by everth like in europ . the peopl have n't enough and so you need the help from the other . in europ or in the other industri state the name of thi thing is like `` develop countri '' . but is it right ? i do n't think so . i can understand the author of the statement if we have onli a look of the industri state . i think in these countier the peopl are conzentr at ther own . everybodi want 's the best for ownself and so it can be happen that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . but is that a good way ? in my view it 's better to help eachoth becaus in thi way you can also learn from eachoth . furthermor i believ that help is a good think and if you help anybodi you get back more . .. maybay not in the same second but in own time . .. and if we have n't ani time in our high `` develop world '' so we must took the time becaus it is nessesari . if you help somebaodi you can also open your mind for an other point of view or you can learn an other waw to past the goal . s , i believ in thi way we can learn form the `` develop world '' . it 's not good to forget in what a safti world we live . these safti world can also chang in a world where anybodi look at there own and forget the other . .. in my opinion that will be not good . so , perhap have the `` industri world '' in one time a look to the `` third world '' to learn somet - the importend thing not forget to help . conclud i would like to say , that i can understand the peopl in the high develop countri to think that the young peopl nowaday do not have enough time to help their commmun . but the high develop countier are not the world . it is nessesari that the peopl not forget , that the succsess is not the importend thing . if you help eachoth so is a smile for a thank sometim more . .. mayb in the industri countier will chang the view . i think it will be good . ..