help other to help your nation in the present day world where technolog is advanc at such a high rate and where the economi is boom , it seem that the world ha somewher lost the mean of help other . the present youth is more activ involv in make fast money in order to enjoy a life fill with luxuri . peopl have inde becom more selfish and self-cent and do not think twice abt take out some time from their live to help their commun or the underprivilig . i am inde veri asham to admit that the youth of the present gener doe not involv itself in ani social or charit work . the youth need to tighten their buckl and need to start act upon thi grave matter . it is often seen that the youth fill with it raw and uninhibit passion and spirit is abl to chang the world and make a notic differ . the youth ha inde forgotten it respons and duti . i would like to expalin the abov by illustr the fact that mani youngster spend whop amount of money on celebr their birthday and other occas . what i would like the youth is to spend some time with their grandpar and elderli rel or do some type of charit work on their date of birth if they find it too tax to do it on a regular basi . in do so , they indirectli play a veri imprtantrol in shape a healthi and ultim a prosper nation . set up awar camp in rural or underdevelop area canhelpspread awar about variou diseas and the like . such effort can induc peopl to be more cautiou about their health-and be healthi can ensur a better chanc of surviv . the youth can help it commun in everi effort they put in . for exampl , recent my elder sister organis a blood donat camp and a ralli to spread awar about femal foetacid on the eve of gandhi jayanti . her heartfelt effort attract mani student and even faculti memeb of her colleg . all of them took part veri passion and inde help spread awar in our small town . similarli . i feel veri strongli that the youth need to take varoiu step in thi particular direct so that it can improv the standard of live of their commun and help work toward a more prosper and develop nation