the import of educ is emphas and re-emphas in our world of 21st centuri . as technolog develop and histroy get longer , we are expos to more thing to learn . given thi fact , is it better to special in one specif subject or have a broad knowledg on mani academ subject ? peopl 's opinion may vari on thi controversi issu , but i believ it is better to special in one specif subject . gener , peopl go through 12 to 13 year of educ in secondari school and have anoth 2 to 4 year of educ in colleg . as colleg student , we major in a specif subject such as interior design , psycholog or hotel manag . whi do we major in onli one or two subject ? it is becaus we are unabl to learn vast amount of inform on vari academ subject . peopl say that we learn from the past . let 's look at sumer , one of the earliest civil in mesopotamia between tigri and euphrat river . about 9000 year ago , the period call the `` neolith age '' began in thi civil . as nomad peopl who depend on hunt and gather for their surviv settl to a permant place and start agricultur , their civil boom . popul dramat increas and their civil further enhanc . it wa about thi time when what is call , `` the special of labor '' began . thi mean that each peopl had a job and a role in their societi . some peopl concentr on farm while other made potteri and other carri out religi ritual . becaus no individu could make a live produc all the food , cloth and habitat oneself , the civil practic special of labor . like what our ancestor long befor show , i think each individu should special in one subject now a day . thi will further develop our civil and benefit us as it is more effect than everyon studi the same subject at a limit level . let 's compar our field of educ to that of the univers . if an astronaut make hi way out of our galaxi who 's never done in the past , he 's drawn a signific line in the histori of human be and the univers . howev if the same astronaut visit the moon which ha been alreadi execut by mani other astronaut , he will just remain as one of the great astronaut . the same concept goe to educ . if we explor all the area of academ subject at a limit level , there will be no develop in human be ' knowledg , but just a repetit of what other have done . howev if we special in one specif subject , our knowledg to that specif area will expand . in conclus , becaus noon is abl to learn all of the exist subject at a sophist level , i believ it is better to special in a specif subject . thi special of learn may limit some peopl to that area of studi onli , but it is much more effici and benefici to human be as we can develop our knowledg and contribut our learn to the human be and our world .