whether or not young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do is an interest question , and i for one disagre with that statement . first and foremost one ha to understand that enjoy oneself doe not necessarili have to mean enjoy similar thing . with that in mind , it becom clear that older peopl do not necessarili enjoy life less than young peopl do . first , let 's look at two differ rather popular activ for both , the young and the old . how about sport - sport is a rather popular pasttim activ for the younger gener . but it 's also an import part of older peopl 's life , a point that is support by the fact that certain activ that have fascin the older gener first but have now move on to includ the younger gener as well ( without of cours lose ani import to the older gener , it 's like a side-by-sid activ ) do exist . sport can therefor be enjoy by both , the young and the old , and doe not leav anyon behind . if you do n't feel like jump down a cliff into the ocean then do n't - there 's other activ like run , icesk or , the one i refer to abov to illustr an activ move down the gener ladder rather than up : nordic walk . and what about a veri differ pasttim activ that both , the yound and the old enjoy : go out and enjoy oneself with friend . while the youth ha bar , pub and club to enjoy itself , the older gener usual prefer locat with less nois and more atmospher , yet not necessarili less fun . if one enjoy a nice restaur or a danc then age doe n't realli matter - a 90-year old can enjoy himself next to a 30-year old and both will be have a blast . yet anoth point i would like to make is money and time . it 's a known fact that older peopl , especi retire , statist have more money to spend than younger peopl , who might have to support an entir famili of four or more on one singl incom , do . and unfortun , in our societi money equal fun . a veri good exampl is travel , which in our societi is just anoth word for seemingli endless enjoy all over the world . travel is quit expens though , a famili of four will not be abl to afford a carribean cruis on a ship , nor will it have time or money for an extend cruis or travel that last longer than a week or two . with more time on their hand older peopl can usual sit back and relax , enjoy their free time in foreign countri or even at home with their friend . which , as my final point , is what i think the most import factor of enjoy oneself . friend are the salt in the soup , and while older peopl do n't tend to have more friend than the younger gener ( true , i do n't have ani hard evid to support thi , but it ha been my gener observ in my immedi environ ) , they usual tend to have closer friend that they have known for decad . share one life with a life partner or a good friend is what make life worth live to some peopl , and in order to do that age doe n't matter - attitud matter . i think i have made my point clear that i do not think that younger peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . from the outsid and from a rather superfici point of view thi might seem to be the case , given that accord to the media - which unfortun is made mostli for young peopl - onli young peopl seem to enjoy life on tv and in the movi . it 's a certain stereotyp that the movi industri ha been present us for mani year and it seem to have attach itself to our societi where age equal boredom and loneli . person i think that if i had a time machin and would be abl to look at a 20 year older me i would discov , that the older me would still be have fun in life and enjoy itself just as the young me doe right now .