i think that special in one subject is better than have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject , and thi for mani reason . at the time you begin studi where you have the choic to special or not , which mean you 're enter univers you alreadi had a larg view of differ topic dure high school year . so a major of peopl alreadi know what tehi like and wa is theiy are good at special is also a good way to quickli do what you think you are made for . it also allow peopl to find a job quicker as they have been specialis earlier . dure high school year pupil studi a larg varieti of subject and most of tehm at the end know what they like . it can be rather scienc , litteratur , sport , economi . thu they can alreadi know where their point of interest are and special alreadi in their freshman year . it is time and money consum to studi subject that you are not realli interest in and that wo n't be use in you career or even in your person develop . if you think you like for exampl physic , studi it at the begin of your univers year will enabl you , first to see if you realli want to be a physician , second to have a greater involv in what you are studi , by follow more class and conduc more experi . an other import point is that by be more special it is more easi to find a job at the end of your studi . peopl think specialist are more reliabl in the task they are given to do than other . howev some could say that by special you miss the big pictur of the broad knowledg offer at univeris . they also think that specialist are boring peopl onli focus on their subject . it 's oftenli not true , if you special in one subject dure cours you can also have mani other center of interest outsid your colleg our univers . you can be studi scienc like math and play soccer at a veri high level . some rugbymen who play in the english nation were in fact doctor . you can also focu on poetri and be interest in economi and learn it not as an academ subject . thu , i think that spezial in one subject is not onli the most effici way of studi it'also a way to accomplish yourself through someth you reali like and are abl to do .