although i person would be more than happi if thi statement would be true , i can not agre with it . three major aspect make me disagre with the statement , firstli the world popul in gener and secondli greed for materi good , the idea of person freedom and independ travel close connect to the idea of have an own car . thirdli the car industri have to be taken into account who are not like to be veri will to earn less money by produc less car . sinc the begin of the industri more and more good have been produc for more and more peopl live on the earth . in the next 20 year the world popul will by no mean declin , europ and north america may face thi problem but the rest of the world will face a popul increas . more peopl on the earth are like to equal more car be around in the next twenti year and beyond . at the same time peopl ask for more and more good to have a more comfort life and to prove themselv and their neighbour who they are and up to where they have made it . have a car is not onli due to actual need of have one but also is a symbol of statu for mani peopl ( who then are like to have more than just one car ) . and , one need not forget that a car actual is veri practic , not onli for a big famili go on holiday or do shop but also for everi individu becaus one doe not have to live accord to public transport schedul . in area less popul than e.g. germani or the netherland there are mani place one would hardli reach without a car and as peopl tend to have the wish for unlimit access car will often help them to fullfil thi need . lot of countri like again e.g. germani earn lot of their money via the car indstri and not onli would there have to be huge chang done to chang thi but maili would it need enough forc to actual want a fundament chang and at he moment thi , from my point of view unfortun , can not be seen . my argument do not onli appli to the question of fewer or more car , i thing it is easili appli to all kind of modern technolog good like comput , televis , mobil and so on and i tstrongli believ that we have to be veri care to produc not onli more and more of thi good but that we have to understand that fewer car , laptop , machin of all kind , as suggest in the statement would actuali often be much better for all of us .