as a countri progress , enhanc it econom power , it also lead to an increas in the purchas power of the peopl in the countri . in twenti year time , peopl are expect to have higher incom and purchas power than at present . have a hous and a car are basic necess and it doe seem indispens to most of us . i total disagre with the statement that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than they are at present . i will support my opinion in the follow paragraph . the first reason that i would like to put forward is that as a countri is move from an under-develop to be a develop countri or a develop countri to a develop countri , over time it will lead to increas in employ level , which will subsequ lead to a rise in the incom level and purchas power of the peopl . for instanc , in my own countri , india , there are a lot of individu and famili who own car today than the last twenti year . the traffic for car in citi like delhi and bombay , where the incom level are rise rapidli , there is also evid of more number of car in such place . the statist show the number of person own car have onli been increas over the year . the second reason that i would advanc for my argument is , that car is a veri conveni mode of transport . person , i feel , it is more conveni for most of us than air plane , bike , buse and other mode of transport . it offer a kind of flexibl which is incompar . it veri practic for everyday use . the third reason would be it ha a lot of util for peopl with famili , which all of us do ! a situat where most peopl are own their own air plane or buse is not quit palat to me . car have also becom veri sophist and user-friendli these day . there are a whole whole of model and price to choos from . to conclud , car , in my opinion , fall under the categori of a ` need ' and not a ` luxuri ' . what could possibl happen twenti year down , is that the car could get even more sophist . there could be even more model for car , much more than what is present today .