peopl in gener tend to do either one of these : enjoy or not enjoy life . it doesnt matter if the person is young or old , enjoy life is a matter of person decis . compar who enjoy life more , old peopl or young peopl , is a matter of opinion , becaus they ca n't be compar . compar a young life with an old one is like compar green grape and purpl greap , eventhough they are from the same speci , their tast is total differ . young peopl enjoy activ that old peopl do n't enjoy anymor and viceversa , a young person wont enjoy some activti as much as an old person will , eventhough they are both human . old peopl tend to enjoy life in differ way . some of the activ that are common for old peopl to do and enjoy includ read , listen to music , eat , share time with the famili , lear , watch t.v etc . there are some activ that old peopl are not abl to accomplish anymor , but they enjoy to watch it . the man next door , carlo , use to play soccer . now he is too old to play soccer but still he enjoy watch it , and believ it or not , he scream to the tv and cri if hi team lose . carlo , as mani other old men , enjoy more watch the soccer than play it becaus hi physic habil are now limit by hi age . mani young peopl beliv that old peopl cant enjoy their live becaus they cant do certain activ that they do and enjoy . thi is an erroeu thought . old peopl enjoy their life just as young peopl enjoy thier . that someon young like more to play soccer than to watch it doesnt mean that watch soccer should be bore . old peopl , like my grandfath , love to tell stori and bring back memori of thing he did when he wa young . he like to go through hi life and tell us , the grandchildren , about it . eventhough he cant do those activ or trip anymor , he still enjoy to share them . young peopl enjoy their life just as old peopl enjoy thier , but again , differ . someon around 17 year old might enjoy go to parti , danc , play sport and hang out with friend . while someon about 70 year old wouldnt enjoy that at all . martha , a friend of mine , use to enjoy go to parti , hang ingout and danc . today she is 65 year old , and she doesnt enjoy that anymor becaus she get tire and she usual believ that the music volum is too high . she now enjoy cook , talk and read . a young person can not judg who enjoy life more becaus they havent live that old to comment on that . they dont know the perspect of an old person becaus they havent been there yet . meanwhil , old peopl are more likley to know by their person experi wheather they enjoy life more as a young person or as an old one and it is all matter of opinion . enjoy life is a matter of decis . one might decid to live a happi life while other might decid not to . it doesnt matter if one is young or old , enjoy life is a matter of person decis . old peopl and young peopl , both can enjoy life to the same level onli that by do certain thing that one , either the old or the young , might think that is not someth he or she would enjoy . so who enjoy life more , the old or the young peopl , is up to them , to us . it is up to everi individu on how they decid to live their life .