peopl often argu about what is more import for student to learn : idea and concept ; or fact . base on my four year of experi as a teacher , i strongli believ that it is far more import for student to learn idea and concept . fact chang veri quickli , wherea idea and concept remain use for a lifetim . one of the most import object of educ is to prepar the student for their futur career . i believ that student who understand the idea and concept well have a much better chanc to succeed in the futur than those who simpli learn fact . thi is especi evid in disciplin like scienc and engin , where there is veri littl that one can do by simpli memor fact . a student who onli learn the basic equat about electr can not solv problem that involv combin variou concept or idea . it is far more import for the student to understand the fundament concept and idea , and develop an abil to make use of these concept to develop hi or her own solut to practic problem . similari , in histori , it is a lot more import to understand the context of a war , rather than learn the simpl fact that the war took place in a certain year . for exampl , it would be a lot more use to understand whi and how hitler came to power in germani , rather than the date of particular event . anoth factor that illustr the rel import of understand idea and concept over learn fact is also evid from the rate at which fact are chang . the rapid develop in scienc and technolog chang the so-cal fact at such a high speed that it doe not make sens for a student to spend too much time on learn fact . as a teacher , i often notic that mani text-book that i have begun to use for my class onli a few year ago have alreadi becom out of date ! idea and concept , on the other hand continu to be valid over much longer period of time . moreov , in mani case , it is even possibl for the student to appli a concept they learn in one area to some other area . fact , on the other hand , can not be easili transfer from one area to anoth .