thi is a controversi topic sinc the condit are differ for differ countri . firstli in today world of develop and technolog , there are mani distract like the video game , movi , comput and gadget like the ipod . some peopl feel that commun work like visit oldag home is a wast of time . they feel that they can do thing which are more use fot the person than the commun dure that period of time . it is sometim thi casual attitud due to which peopl lose interest in their commun . there are other factor which have led to the decreas in particip in the commuinti . youth over the age have felt that the commuin in some is demor them . for exampl in india , due to the poor condit of the countri , a child feel that whi should he or she give someth to the commun if the commun ha n't done enough for him or her . if thi trend goe on increas then lesser number of children will not tri to help their commun . sometim it depend how the child ha been brought up . if the famili never did anyth for the commun then it is bound that the child might do the same . with thi neget attitud i do n't feel that it will ever help anyon , neither the youth nor the commun . howev i think it not the same everywher . i tend to do a lot for my commun . as a famili tradit everi year my mother and i visit the local old age home and spend hour talk to them . dure festiv season , we get cloth and food for the old peopl and even tri to bring in more activ for them . thi ha help me to understand elder better and respect them . thi year i particip in a progam of ` each one teach one ' where we got a chanc to teach littl children from slum area . thi wa one of my most gain experi and it help me to be more optimist . i take part in sever project relat to save and plant more tree , clean the school campu , take care of school anim for which i have reciev an award . everi year we collect old cloth for the poor in our school and neighbourhood . in conclus , it seem that the neget attitud of the younger gener is declin it intrest in the commun . it is not right becaus one can not expect the commun for us . we as a member of the commun have to lend a help hand in small area like help in oldag home , teach children who do not have proper mean of educ . accord to me it a give and take relationship . thi mean in order to reciev someth from the commun we need to put in our part of the effort and have a posit outlook toward all thi and onli then will our commun will give someth in return . but i think someon ha to start thi cycl and onli the younger youth can .