the futur of the automobil is today an uncertain one . car ownership ha been rais in the last decad . but at the same time , the cost of that ownership and the environ consequ of run an automobil have been on the rise too . it is my opinion , that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . firstli , the pollut consequ on environ due to the multipl of car have been observ more and more over the past year . for instanc , thi multipl ha had a great effect on global warm . these consequ have motiv the govern of sever countri to take action by adopt tougher legisl on car ' emiss . for exampl , the govern and congress of california adopt tough law to make sure that the automobil manufactur would respect the state 's environment law . at the same time , mani countri have ratifi the kyoto protocol which deal with the issu of global warm . most of these countri have adopt legisl concern car that would meat accordingli with the kyoto protocol . but , if thi doe not respond to the problem of global warm , govern might legisl so that car ownership is reduc to one per household . adopt of public transport polit by govern like tax reduct might incit the gener popul to use more the public mean of transport such as the subway , the bu or the tramway . those polit might reduc the number of car . secondli , the cost of run a car ha risen drastic in the cours of the past year due mainli to high ga price . it ha come to a certain point that a lot of peopl have decid not to use their car to go to work and use instead the public transport facil . their automobil sit at home while not be use . if it is in the citi , thi excess park time might cost a fortun to the car 's owner . undoubtedli , thi car 's owner will not buy anoth automobil after thi one . and if thi scenario is repeat for other peopl than it will see a gener reduct of the world 's car ownership . in conclus , the high environ cost of use the automobil and the rais price to it ownership are factor that will creat a reduct in world 's car ownership .