the goal of a student is to learn the facts. a student can have thi onli trought the comprehens of the idea and of the concept that are behind the fact . for exampl , when i studi the histori of rome , i had to understand whi rome wa a big empir . for have the complet vision of thi fact i went to find all the inform about the histori . i need to know the caus and the consequ . in my opinio , a big analysi of the caus can give me a complet vision of the real hystori , it can creat a sens of critic in myself . i can see the fact with my eye . when a person want to understand a topic or a fact he ha to ask himself what are the motiv of the topic , the idea . i agre with the statement becaus for me it 's veri import to studi the fact and not to memor it . if a person doe n't want to know the concept , he choos to memor the event without hi comprehens about it . the knowledg of the idea and of the concept are import to creat the behaviour of a person . a person who learn to see not onli the fact but also what there are behind that , it will be a person who live think . befor to do someth he will think and he will process all the possibili consequ of hi idea . when i have to do someth import for my life , the first step is to think about my idea , my concept and where i want to go . by thi analys i can hypot where i will go . thi is possibl becaus i studi a lot of problem , i learn from it , i see the idea that give the fact . it 's imposs for me to give a critic idea of a fact without the knowledg of the ideas. a big latin writer say : `` cogito ergo sum '' . thi phrase is not onli philosophi . thi phrase indic the work of a man to have a good life . the english for the phrase is : `` i think so i exist '' the word `` think '' indic the capabl to understand . when i need to evalu a fact i must think and onli after thi i can understand the fact . if i do n't think i am similar to anim . the big concept can be adapt also to a school . normal , in a school there is a teacher who teach the fact to the student . the teacher must explain to the student the complet vision of thi fact , the idea and the concept . he must creat in the student the interest to understand , the motiv to increas their idea . the teacher must give to the student the instrument to arriv at the comprehens of the fact . the instrument to grown their brain .