in our today 's modern world , we are invad by car . car are everywher creat big problem for the envrion . there are no more space to park hi vehicl , they pollut the environ so much that it is hard to breath sometim , but still , their number is increas . i do not agre with the statment that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . in my essay , i will talk about the influenc of the econom 's growth , the new technolog , and the import of transport . in modern societi the economi increas which also improv peopl level of life . peopl have a higher level of life is translat by receiv higher incom , in other word peopl have more money . a famili with low incom will purchas onli one car to fit their need , howev if the same famili receiv higher incom , it give them the possibl to purchas an anoth car etc . .. that is whi today in modern societi , we onli see one driver for one car . with higher level of life , peopl are purchas more vehicl . an increas economi allow to spend more money in reasearch of new technolog . by purchas more car , you give the abil to the manufactur to gain benefit to improv their product . a googl exampl today is the japanes compani toyota , they creat a hybrid model , which in short allow the costum to save fuel and to pollut less . to creat new technolog , research need money to be abl to advanc . the vehicl 's market is on a growth slope , and everi new model of car show a technologi improv . as far as human 's histori is known , transport ha alway been import . the world today is not close , boundari are open and alway need to reach differ point in thi world . it ha alway been for econom reason . for exampl , a person work in a big citi but can not afford to live insid the citi . thi same person will buy a place outsid the citi . to be abl to reach her work from her home she will need transport . at first it wa walk , then bicyl but the person is look for a faster way therefor she buy a car . the car is not safe so she will purchas a safer car , and so on . .. transport is veri import for us . purchas new car give the abil to the manufactur to improv their vehicl . i do not agre that there will be fewer car in the twenti year . the grow economi is allow the car to improv therefor will we have better , safer and even more car on our road .