old peopl enjoy life more than younger peopl do . i think age of peopl doe not affect the enjoy that they can take from life in a neg way . the most import fact that affect the level of the enjoy they get from life is the characterist of peopl . accord to me , the enjoy depend on that the person is social or not . a young person who is not social may not enjoy from life as older peopl do . a social person at older age can be a member of social club , attent to tourist journey or join to social activ . howev , unsoci young person can stay at home and do noth except eat , drink and sleep which are onli the basic activ of a human be can do . an advantag of old peopl possess in enjoy more than young peopl is the age . age can be thought as a limit fact at first ; nevertheless , if we thought more we can realis that it is not . young peopl should work hard to earn their life in econom mean and for their career . they should also spend their time with their famili . in short , they have limit time for too much aciv or duti . in contrast , old peopl have no limit time problem . they do not to think about their life , their work and their famili , sinc their life is at a stabl phase . on the otherhand , young peopl have a lot of stress sourc which decreas or limit the enjot they get from life . moreov , their econom statu mayb better than the young peopl . they can have enough money to spend in social activ . anoth advantag of old peopl for enjoy life more can be experi . as they live more than young peopl , they can easili find anyth to enjoy . for instanc , they can go to a holiday instead of pali card game with their friend . howev , one can say that there are sever disadvantag for old peopl to enjoy from life . health and old age are inhibit agent of enjoy life . old peopl can have sick more than younger peopl . in addit , old age can restrict them to do certain activ like sport activ . nevertheless , an old but social person can find altern activ accord to hi or her age . in conclus , i believ that the age of a peopl doe not defin the level of enjoy that they can get from life . furthermor , old age can provid more opportun to peopl to enjoy more from life .