some peopl believ that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept , while other believ that it is more import for student to learn fact . i maintain the opinion that both the abil to understand idea and concept and the abil to learn fact are equal import in the studi of a student . the abil to understand idea and concept and the abil to learn fact are mutual benifici . on the one hand , understand idea and concept will help student to learn fact faster and better . for exampl , if a student of psycholog understand the concept of behavior modif , he/sh will be abl to learn the fact that associ with how a elimentari school child behav in class and how thi child chang his/her behavior better and faster . also , it is unlik that thi psycholog student will forget these fact onc he/sh understand thi concept . on the other hand , learn fact will provid student with evid that support their understand of idea and concept . in other word , idea and concept will be support by the fact that student learn . for instanc , a student of histori will be more like to understand the concept of westward movement when he/sh rememb that conflict between the white settler and indian , the spread of america 's land , and the social , polit , and econom chang dure that particular time period of histori . the abil to understand idea and concept and the abil to learn fact are mutual depend . a good student need to both understand idea and concept and learn fact . a student who can onli understand idea and concept without learn the fact will find the idea and concept dri and bore without be abl to explain event in the real world . the process of learn will thu becom mechan recit of theori without know how they work in practic applic . a student who can onli learn fact will find himself/herself lost in the plethora of fact without be abl to make sens of the appar unrel fact . the process of learn will in turn becom isol part that do not form a illstr whole . thu , ani student who can onli master one abil among the two will find himself/herself crippl in his/her studi , and it is unlik that he/sh will do well in hes/her studi in the academ area . in histori , ani great scientif and academ advanc is built upon the premis of both theoret idea and concept and fact base on practic applic of theori , and the success combin of both result in so mani instanc of intellectu progress in histori . without either one of these two abil , the world we live in and our percept of the world will be veri limit . to sum up , it is equal import for student to understand idea and concept and to learn fact . a masteri of both abil will enabl student to wit greater achiev in their studi .