car are a way of life today . they spell conveni becaus they get a person 's chore done much faster . it is possibl to reach ani part of the countri with the help of a car and the inaccess area have greatli reduc but person i agre with the statement that `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use that there are today '' . today car are a veri help mean of get anywher and they are incred conveni . a person ha the flexibl of time while leav and doe not have to adher to some time like would have been the case while travel by a public mode of transport . they definit help you get to mani place and is probabali the easiest option when you have to make a last minut trip . but their conveni is out weigh by the crisi car will face in the futur . firstli there is the oil crisi . with the ever rise price of ga , car will becom a less econom viabl option to ton of peopl . thi along with the ever increas shortag of ga . i believ that peopl will prefer to travel by public mode of transport becaus they will be more econom feasibl and it will serv the purpos of help them commut . shell out ton of money everi month just for ga may not be afford to alot of peopl . with the price of ga now threaten to cross $ 100 a barrel i fear to think what the situat will be twenti year henc . also with the increas amount of car and not enough room to drive , peopl will not want to drive to work or their educ place becaus navig all the traffic can be pretti tiresom . also the place avail for drive freeli and not through congest i believ will be limit . while i wa an exchang student my friend from taiwan told me that becaus all the road are alway choke with traffic not mani peopl own car in taipei . they prefer take the metro or just walk . i believ with the increas infrastructur develop and increas popul the street are just go to becom more congest . henc though the price of car might not increas that drastic becaus they probabali will increas in proport with the salari of peopl , the mainten cost of car will definit go up . by mainten i mean the cost of fuel . if the cost of fuel rise by a veri larg extent , which i believ it will becaus the oil resourc are deplet rapidli , car will not be use often by peopl . peopl will probabl opt for commut to work by public mean of transport while use the car onli in certain circumst . so i think instead of own car peopl will prefer commut by buse , train or even cab ( taxi ) but not mani peopl will want to own car beacus their high mainten cost along with their depreci cost would make car to not be a veri wise invest . they could probabl use that money somweher els where it would reap more benefit . so in twenti year there will defenit be fewer car in use than there are today . unless they make more and more car batteri oper and somehow manag to miracul bring down the amount of congest on road to which even today most of the cosmopolitan citi are victim be it london , new york , taipei , beij or mumbai .