i do not agre with the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . they seem that they have a lot of thing to do for their own benefit or interest , howev , there are more thing to be report to let commun know about . i would like to talk about one teenag who i knew from newspap print here , melbourn , in australia . recent , there are mani tragic car accid on melbourn road . fouti - one peopl are kill in three month , the govern agu that the low need to be more strict so that less peopl would be kill . howev , among the commun , there wa a doubt about the govern 's opinion . is it the law that can reduc the number of death ? while the govern doe noth about , anoth car accid happen on a same road where two peopl are kill a month ago . we are appal and shock by ever-increas care accid . but thi time , tragedi happen with respect event . there wa a big item whose headlin wa ` our hero ' . a fourteen year old boy who live close to the road where accid ha happen , accidentali saw the car accid and he run across the road to help two peopl in a crash car . there were a woman and a babi . he help the babi farst and confirm that he is allright . then the boy attempt to help the woman but she wa hardli injur that she could not talk properli . to prevent her from beind in unconsi and die , he kept talk with her . he ask a lot of question and told her the babi is fine . he ha been talk with her for about thirti minut , howev , despit hi effort she pass away . after all , he went to her funer with flower . he knew that the woman wa the babi 's mother . he told her ` your babi is ok. ' and he wa thank by the babi 's father . the babi 's father told him your my hero . but he said , ` i do not want be treat as a hero . i just saw the accid and act what i could do . ' he ha a blessret which is print the word ` chang the world ' . from the newspap that i read few day ago , thi boy ha done what other teenag would have done . therefor , i disagre the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun .