car are an effect and convini mean of transport that can be own by the individu person . in futur , although the car may becom total differ from what they are right now but in no way there number is go to decreas sure not in the time frame of the come twenti year . car are not onli the mean of transport they are passion of an individu . they also give a sens of independ and a feel of increas social statu to the peopl . also no one want to depend on the public transport system beacus it is not so reliabl , it may improv over the time period of 20 year to a great extent but still the problem of wait for the bu or train and go to the station to catch them will still remain . have an own car give the person the freedom to go anywher at anytim , while such a facil is unlik to be introduc in the public transport system even after twenti year . anoth reason as to whi the number would n't decreas is becaus the price of the car are reduc rapidli and such a decreas in price may open the new custom base the so call ` middl class ' who are not abl to buy it earlier and thu the number of car may actual increas to a larg extent . the increas in standard of live of the peopl will also contribut to thi effect . the main reason that peopl predict the downfal of car is becaus they use petrol and sinc petrol is limit and it 's price are soar a new high all the time , peopl predict that the run cost will eventu be so high that they will prohibit the buy of the car . but the new technolog advanc in the field of car design negat all such view . the car maker are rapidli progress in design new car that burn less fuel per litr . also car that can run on altern energi sourc like electr , hydrogen and solar power are be develop . the amount of effort that are put in thi research make us to believ that we will definit overcom these problem in the come year . in sum , the number of car in the come year may actual wit a larg increas becaus of the new technolog advanc . the current form of the car may chang , there might be more hybrid car , car runnig on elctric and solar energi , but the passion of car and the sens of freedom it provid will continu to encourag more and more peopl to buy car .