the wide spread belief that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid is for me not onli total wrong , but in complet opposit with what the concept `` to travel '' is intend to be . first of all , the transport mean - a bu - is simpli not adequ for the activ . i would assum that if a person travel , thi person would like to smell and tast to countri to be discov , would aspir to new connect and interact . how can you ever be abl to accomplish those aim through the window of a big tourist bu ? the best way to discov a new citi is to walk down it road , to loos yourself in it . secondli , travel in a group mean that while you visit new place , while you cross unkown environ , mom and dad and mayb your best friend is comfort seat on your right side . you feel at home , you engag convers with the peopl you live with everi other day . akward posit when the true beauti of travel around is to meet new peopl , to ask about their way of see thing or how they manag their rut . be surround by a well organis group doe not facilit the apertur toward the other travel should be all about . in third posit come the tour guid issu . those guid are often paid by their govern to bring the tourist to specif site , monument or landscap where the infrastructur have been built to receiv them . econom benefit are therefor in the air , mani tourist guid will not hesit to equivoc supposedli rich peopl to fill their pocket . final , the overbook agenda the tour agenc plan for you often end up be more exhaust than the actual work tourist are run away from on vacat . to travel should mean to live without a watch , to follow the wave , to let the unexpect surpris you . i would rather avoid ani time plane , thu leav space to improvis and first impuls . two preciou element that will never cross the path of a tour group . .. travel in a group led by a tour guid completli disconnect you from realiti . one should know the differ between be a tourist and be a travel . i believ the second to be so much worth than the first . if onli peopl could think that way , they would find a littl treasur .