i do agre to the fact that success peopl do tri new thing and take risk than onli do what they alreadi know . i do believ so becaus of the fact that option in life shouldnt be rule down to onli a few . peopl should tri explor new avenu and tri out new thing so as to master the veri aspect call `` life '' . evolut , adapt focu is the name of the game . when a person who is ambiti and an optimist tri do someth innov he usual strike or achiev a place where in not mani peopl have achiev in life . today we thank peopl like thoma addison and jame watt for their invent . such thing never came to their mind in second or two . it took them load of restless work and patienc and teh abil to cope with failur again and again to give us what we relish or enjoy in today world a telephon or a steam engin . a man horizon of thinkin should be veri wide open . he should be well vers with hi idea and should carri the potenti for acheivin what he thought of doin . he should have a vision in short . a strong vision is half victori . peopl like bill gate never hesit to put their vision on paper and hi hard work , dedic , aim ha given us a beauti product call microsoft which is use by everi one . hi job never end after he gave us `` window '' there were mani other thing that microsft had to give us and is still give till date . u should tri to be innov in life tri to explor what all natur ha to give us . risk are usual involv but i believ in the say `` no pain no gain '' everyth come at a price and u should be will to pay a price . for exampl in india compani like relianc which practic run india where just a man 's vision . ambani never end hi thirst for achiev till the time he pass away . they are till date tri to lay their hand on what all they can from cloth to elctric to fuel to power the list is endless . accord to me everybodi live in thi world but if u want to creat a mark or achiev someth or have that satisfact within , that '' i am differ '' and want to be rememb u need to tri out all what u can rather than just stick on to one thing and tri to make someth out of it. '' winner are not quitter '' . life ha kept a lot hidden there just need to be a thirst for explor new avenu and tryin out differ thing which can be onli achiev by a good vision , aim and a veri optimist attitud . ( go getter ) attitud