travel is one of the most exit thing in the world . howev , it is not possibl to travel everyday in one 's entir life becaus of both time and money constrain . therefor , in one of the rare occat that a person travel , it is import to plan the trip in the most enjoy way . while some peopl prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guid , i prefer to travel alon or with onli famili member or friend . below , i will discuss the reason behind my prefer . it is true that when you go to a new citi or countri , you need someon to take you around an show you what famou sceneri are in the citi . howev , these may not be the place that i would want to look at . everyon is so uniqu in the world , so everyon ha differ interest . what the tour guid show me may repres the preferenc of the major , but it may not be my prefer . therefor , when i travel , i would prefer to do my own research on the citi , so that i will know what i like about the citi or countri and go visit these interest place . moreov , thi way can make me know the visit citi more . on top of the differ interest peopl may have , travel time is anoth problem that may aris when you are travel with a group led by a tour guid . it is simpl to illustr thi point . to a tour guid , it is a job to take you around the citi , so he will onli work dure hi work hour which is usual from 8 am to 5 pm . howev , to me , travel is one of the rare treat that i have , so i would like to make it as enjoy and long as possibl . i would not like to go back to the hotel at 5 o'clock and go to bed . instead , i would like to explor how the citi is like at night or after the tour guid 's work hour , but i can not just ask the tour guid to work overtim . besid differ interest among peopl and difficult schedul of travel time , privaci is anoth main reason that i would like to travel without a tour guid . in some occat , travel is a chanc to spend some privat time with partner , famili , or friend . therefor , it is not alway comfort to travel with a tour guid . travel is such a nice treat to ani one , so make it interest , flexabl in schedul and privat is crucial . therefor , i would prefer not to travel in a group led by a tour guid .