a cheetah can run 170 miles/h when it young and slow down when get older and would rather chase alreadi die pray or not even bother for it if he can get hi hand on a weaker predat . as far as thi say goe it is appropri to state that young peopl can tend to enjoy a lot more then older peopl . life is becom fast everyday and grow faster by the hour and the faster it get the more peopl tend to releas out their stress and thu end up enjoy the moment rather then wonder what will happen if they do bad at their job and they turn wors in an interview or even fail at an exam they have prepar for month . by the time it all happen and everyth tend to come through we all realis oh ! my god ! i wast so much time plan tommorow and look i have becom old and useless . whi not leav everyth asid and live today . as the genrat ha pass peopl think ha evolv with more night club open and parti held through out the year the new gener ha learn to live through the stress rather then live with it . peopl who are old and who have not evolv with the time tend to stay in their own littl space and move out a littl and talk about old time that they had. , miss on the fact the time is now and els is long gone . my friend ha a grand father whom i respect veri much , but then he still live in the old time and tell us what happen centuri ago and that we should discuss matter that we have no knowledg of what so ever . while on the other hand if their is an occas all the benevol peopl get togeth to parti while everybodi tell us to studi . it not that we do n't studi , we do it when it need and no compromis with the enjoy that we have now cuz thi will all becom a memori in cours of time so live it through all , while we all can . eat the cake befor the friend get home or there will be none left to tast and you will know that wa probabl the best cake ever made . peopl befor us beleiv in let other tast we can enjoy it later and it probabl use ripe without anybodi even tri it . time wait for no one no matter how hard you tri live it all . ............