late there ha been an ongo debat over whether or not most advertis make product seem better than they realli are . some peopl are of the opinion that ad repres a great opportun for manipul with regard to certain product while other contend that ad can not chang the natur of the product they are present and are therefor not manipul . a close examin of the issu reveal that the statement which assert that most advertis make product seem better than they realli are is unsubstanti . a main reason whi such a claim ha it limit is the fact that the advertis industri is regul . the state decid about what can and ca n't be said in ad by legisl about ad and competit . that make an advertis suscept to lawsuit : an angri consum who think that a certain ad ha mislead her can sue the advertis compani . sinc advertis compani are awar of that , they will tri not to make fals claim about the product they advertis for . anoth reason whi the claim about advertis and their mislead statu doe n't hold is that most ad do not actual inform about the product , but that they rather encompass certain imag and emot which are associ with the product they are tri to sell . how mani ad about ice-cream includ the nutrit fact ? the answer is none . and sinc most ad do not inform anyway , it is imposs for them to make product appear better than they actual are . perhap the most convinc reason whi the great major of ad is not mislead is that an apprais of a product 's qualiti is in most case subject . for instanc , some peopl like onion soup while other hate it . some peopl would immedi switch the channel when they encount an onion-soup-ad while other probabl would enjoy watch it . so , one 's percept of an advertis undoubtedli depend on her subject attitud toward the product . thi subject attitud would almost certainli affect the degre to which one would find the ad decept . in conclus , the claim that most ad make product seem better than they actual are is unsubstanti for three reason : state regul , the advertis 's non-inform natur and the subject of advertisement-apprais .