last novemb seem colder than usual , not becaus of the earli winter gust wind , but becaus of one man who ha been forgotten deepli in my mind for a year . i stare at the portrait of thi man . around me wa onli the mourn sound combin by high and low vocal sound . the man in the portrait-mi father-wa gone in my earli life . a korean proverb say that the flower produc sweet fruit onli after it lose it beauti petal . while anyon might expound it mean thorugh the abstract-that persever thorough hardship is rewarded-i decid to illustr it signific mean thorugh variou aspect of my life . in a sens , it is the maxim that drive and motiv me not to be succumb to peopl 's common pessim toward peopl without parent . persever strenghthen my bodi . few year ago , i commit myself to a class to learn kungfu . but it wa more than a leisur hobbi to sate some restless action film-inspir teenag ; it wa a process of gruel train under a demand master who wa quick to rebuk ani fault . in a short time , everi other student quit , have grown weari of awak at dawn on weekend for the sake of physic exhaust . i knew better ; rather than be discourag by the sudden trend , i reason that the benefit of continuing-phys fit , disciplin , and compet in legendari martial art-far outweigh the costs-forego the chanc to sleep in . through the cours of two-year regimen , i continu to learn , emerg with confid ahead of those who had quit under exert . rather than be discourag by the past , i found the sourc of comfort and challeng by refus to succumb to ethic temptat for the sake of physic conveni . persever temper my emot . when cancer claim my father 's life last year , it wa inevit difficult . it wa not a simpl process , but i learn that the most import form of persever is hope . through hope , bitter memori of my father 's death were redirect into fond nostalgia of hi life ; worrisom linger on whta the had left uncomplet trune into excit at the prospect of accomplish hi dream myself . a korean train businessman with a profound knowledg of intern economi , one of hi goal wa to studi in the unit state . inspir by hi rich life , i seek to fulfil our common goal in the unit state to share there my own uniqu korean live in china . so far , i have shed mani petal of tear and sweat . unlik mani fellow student of mine at school , i 've lost the most import sourc of inspir in life-fath . unlik my friend , i , one of the young peopl for my age , fail to enjoy my life by not care for the hidden inspir of my life in the past . i believ that the sweetest fruit yet lie at the time i becom old myself like my father .