we all love advertis . one the one hand women like the nice jean advertis guy , on the other hand men like underwear model in the same way or even more . but , are we realli influenc by advertis ? do they realli make us feel that some product are better . in fact , do we realli tast mcdonald 's in anoth way if we have seen an advertis befor . do we realli feel better if we drive a bmw x5 , which is deliv fresh from the enterpris in munich ! i 'm of the opinion : it depend ! refer to the two exampl from the introduct , i want to explain whi i think , that it depend if advertis make product seem better : firstli , i want do deal with the mcdonald exampl . i claim , that we do not tast a big mac in anoth way if we see an advertis . the reason is that you feel or tast food and thing like shoe or other thing that relat to your bodi . consequ , i think you can not betray your bodi . inde , i believ you can do it for a short period of time , but if you bought the wrong size of a pair of shoe you will have to confess to yourself after a certain time that it wa a wrong buy . i think eveybodi of us ha bought at least one time shoe or a pair of jean which did not fit , but we want to say to ourselv they are just perfect ! on the contrari , i claim that if you buy a car , advertis make it seem better . just think about the nice winter landscap , the car drive with hi four wheel system through the snow like it would be a normal street . you would love to say that thi is your car . in fact , i learn at the univer , that especi car manufactur are often place ad in newspap and televis , just to make their buyer secur they did the right thing . henc , car manufactur do exactli what is state in the question of thi essay : they tri to make a product seem better through an advertis . also of my own experi , i can say i have experienc that a product get better through an advertis . everywher on the univers are ad of ibm , and i glad i have an ibm laptop , becaus otherwis , i would ever feel like i have a bad pc , becaus nowher is an ad of it . to conclud , i want to summar my opinion . an ad just can make a product better if it doe n't harm yourself in a way . all person relat product can onli be made better for a short time period , wherea other , just technic thing , like car , video game or even a microwav can be made better through an advertis .