i have to disagre with thi statement , even i would prefer i could agre with it , as thi would be the solut of a big problem we have nowaday , and which will be even wors in 20 year . there are some fact that lead to my oppinion . the first is veri close relat to the peopl around me , even myself . so if you take a look at the last decad it is clearli to recognis , that mankind is head for a more convini lifstyl . thi includ have more individu for your own . so what doe thi mean then ? so everyon like to have hi own car , not just one for the whole famili , no , one for each driver licens in the hous . so next , what take place is that more and more peopl like to live in their own littl castel , their own privat hous . thi lead to bigger citi , with it suburb far away from the citi 's center where mani inhabit go to work . so it becom necessari , that due to increas demand of flexibl employe , everybodi realli need that own car . it might be , that in big citi the number of car may increas not that much , as the puplic transport becom more attract , with increas traffic jam on the street , but it still seem convini to the car driver to wait in the traffic jam with hi audio entertain center , the meanwhil usual builtin internet acess than wait at a freezi train station . if you take thi and think of the econom plan of the automobil coorper to steadili increas the sell number by introduc their product on new market like china or africa it becom pretti hard to believ , the number will reduc over the next 20 year . think of all the chinees peopl , who still do n't have a car in their famili . think of them get to the point , that all famili member like to have it own car and can afford it . it seem to me , that it will still take us long to reach the turn point , the point when the number of car will be decreas . it is realli import to find other solut to fuel for our car , i hope we find altern resourc than oil , as the increas amount of car is realli endang our enviro . there are some idea that could prevent peopl from buy car . first the puplic transport system need to be more afford and reliabl , there need be special servic , that privat car can not provid . the structur of citi need to be overthought. `` work and live '' is a import idea , which state that peopl should live nearbi where they work . so have a look further to the futur , mayb in about 100 year someth ha realli chang , but not in 20 year , therefor we are just not far enough .