i disagre with the statement say , `` it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . '' i believ in the other way around state , `` it 's better to special in one specif subject rather than go for mani academ subject . '' i am go to provid some of my person experi with specif exampl in the passag . person , i feel i have been off track sinc my school as i need to go for mani academ subject . i use to have knowledg on variou academ topic everi year . onc i got into higher studi , some of my subject were of no use and i wa made to stress onli on certain subject . from then on i never practic or theorit implement those subject which i left off long way back . if i were to be special in ani one subject i would have been a more knowledg person than i am today . secondli , have special in ani one specif subject can build a person in a right way . the person could be abl to make a research in the subject he learnt right from hi childhood . it make him more motiv and result in an obviou expans of the subject wherea in have knowledg in mani academ subject could realli limit a person 's true potenti and abil becaus there will be a time factor in thi case and the person may not be abl to make up the time for research purpos . final , anoth advantag of special in one specif subject can make less burden on the children who are made to carri bundl of book daili to school and colleg . studi onli one subject can make thi work a bit easier . more over the student can spend their time equal in theori as well as practic class which is more import for a human brain to work effici . there must be more practic knowledg of the learnt subject rather than onli book knowledg . the student must be abl to appli what ever he learnt in his/her practic life . i would like to conclud by stress my point that it is advis to have knowledg in a specif subject rather than opt for mani academ subject . more over by special in ani one subject of student 's interest or choic , it help develop of research in vast educ field . there is more scope for individu develop here .