person , i agre to the follow statement : it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . mani student tend to onli memor the fact and formula when they studi for a test and do not tri to go more in depth to understand the mean behind it . howev , memor of fact onli limit that person 's knowledg . although to learn the fact of a particular lesson is veri import , a student need to realiz the greater import of fulli understand the idea and the concept . for exampl , when a student learn new formula in his/her math class , usual he/sh undergo a process where the teacher explain how these formula work . if the student is onli taught to memor the pythagorean theorem , he/sh will be miss the import valu about the theorem . it is after the teacher ha fulli explain on how pythagora discov hi theori when the student are abl to understand the valu and the use of it . they also will abl to understand the `` whi '' question . without the knowledg of whi mathematician use thi formula , mani of the student will not be abl to distinguish when to use these formula on a test or on a problem . thi is not onli a case in a math class . in mani of the scienc book , student are taught vast amount of scientif fact such as friction , graviti , and light . howev , to fulli understand what these fact mean , they must understand the concept of it . it is best for the student to understand whi friction occur and how it happen rather than learn what is is . by learn fact , the student can learn the concert , object portion of the subject . howev , through idea and concept , they are abl to further learn about other possibl solut and perspect . when a student fulli understand the knowledg and the concept of it , he/sh can use thi new knowledg in other field . for exampl , just memor the fact of sine , cosin , and tangent formula doe not help the student to answer some of the physic question about angl of light incid and refract . learn the fact onli give shallow knowledg . when the student understand the idea and concept on how scientist and research came up with the fact , it mean that they are truli learn .