i disagre with the statement that in the next twenti year there would be fewer car in use than what they are today . the number of car that are run today on road are increas everi day . the reason which are contribut to thi increas are the high rate of popul growth which increas the demand for increas mode of comut . and thi popul growth is steadyli increas . also with the number of peopl have mean to buy the new vehicl are increas with the per capita incom increas . so peopl are more will to spend their money on buy car which make commut much more easier for them as well as their famili . and thi increas trend in increas incom is here to stay so would be the increas in the number of car that would be seen on the road . anoth import factor is the improv technolog which introduc a new motor vehicl everi month or thereof . and the rich and wealthi who have the money to splurg , in the drive to have the latest technolog for their own use tend to buy these . the technolog is still in develop stage , so with further develop and invent of new car thi number would continu rise sharpli . i would like to substanti my arguement with a few of my person experi . i wa just off to us for my internship and i observ there that it onli the major big citi that have a well develop transport system with frequent public transport system pli on the road or train run inboud and outbound of the citi . but the situat in the suburb is dismal . the buse ran after an interv of about 45 minut to an hour , which wast the cruicial time of the commut . so , most of the peopl prefer to have their own vehicl which make travel under their accesibl and control . also in india safeti is a major concern while travel by public transport . with the crime situat worsen everi year in the public mode peopl would prefer to use their own vehicl as they have the affordibitli to do so and it would enhanc their safeti as well . so until the govern take step to improv the public transport even in small citi and suburb the volum of vehicular traffc would onli see an upward trend in the year to follow . also , unless the crime rate are reduc and peopl are made comfort in travel by public mode in the come year the number of car run would onli be see a rise in number . anoth import step to reduc the number of car pli on road is to keep a check on the popul growth . until the populaton keep to grow other factor accumul with it henceforth increas the vehicular volum over the next two decad .