in spite of the gener econom developp of most of the peopl on the planet allow more and more citizen to earn their own car , the lack of petroleum could also stop the increas growth of product of car worldwid . petroleum is not an infinit ressourc , and gasoil is made of it . everybodi know that there will no longer be avail petroleum in fifti year ! thi idea convey a surround concern for environmemt , the protect of our planet and the preserv of our energet ressourc . in order to concret these idea , peopl start alreadi to share car , as they share flat . share car prevent from econom and energet wast . citizen are encourag to take public transport such as buse or metropolitan instead of use their car for short distanc . scientist also lanch research to find some way to replac car , or at least replac gasoil . but we can not deni that the gener econom developp encourag by liber and global allow more and more peopl to own their car . in thi gener consum societi , peopl can easili be lent some money to buy more and more consum good , such as car . the global launch as well an increas in commun all over the world . commerci exchang , and new commun media such as phone or the internet seem to be in their golden age . human are develop a new way of live base on flexibl and mobil in which car are absolut necessari . a major americam research center publish a theori about what the world would becom in the next decad . it state that human are unawar of their wast petroleum , and that they will be unabl to prevent the lack of it . the studi predict the fall of global : peopl will have to save on transport to spare some gasoil , and local mark will dramat increas . all econom activ will return to their geograph origin and tear will no longer be delocalis . up to my opinion , i donnot share such a radic point of vue but i agre that peopl should save on petroleum . i predict that more and more exchang will use media . peopl will not have to move to meet other or even to work . peopl will use the internet to work at home , organ meet with their colleagu . i think that , besid the decreas in the use of car in the next two decad , there will be an expand of individu and a loss of human .