it is a veri common idea that there are two differ way of what can be call ` learn ' , for a student in a school . the first way is to learn about a subject by understand how it work and the concept that are below it . the other way is more mecan and impli learn fact about thi subject . i agre with the statement , that is i think that in most situat , when one ha to choos , he had better to understand the idea and concept than just learn fact . there are lot of argument in favor of it . first , in most situat the fact are not repeat . for exampl in scientif issu , the basic interest of gener rule and equat is that they can be transpos and use in the most possibl context . and to use these equat , one ha to understand them . learn fact in a scientif field , like for exampl the result speed of an object , doe not give ani clue about the result of an experi in anoth context . secondli , the process of learn is also import . learn fact stimul onli memori and doe not give a veri secur way of learn . on the contrari , by tri to understand concept and idea , a student stimul other part of hi mind , start of process of real think . that kind of process is more like to be memor and to be use to the student , as it is an activ way of learn . third , a student should not onli care about immedi issu such as have a good mark at an exam . inde univers and school should be a place where student can develop their skill , their abil of think , analys situat , etc . eventhough focus more on understand than on learn fact can be less effici in the short time , it should be more effici in the long term . in addit it is also veri use in life to know how to analys situat and understand them . yet there are natur exept . and the statement may not be true in everi situat . for exampl , histori or geograph studi requir mainli to learn fact and it is thi learn which determin the level , the skill of someon in that field . let us say that even though learn fact is sometim veri import , there is alway the need to be abl to use them , and to understand a specif situat .