the landscap of our city ha complet chang in the last 100 year . dure the last centuri our grandpar were use to move through the citi with hors or just by walk . but after the introduct of the car , and also the blast of economi in our countri , our parent were the first to buy a car for their famili , instead of a charriot . the industri and econom revolut is keep to let us think that we need more technolog in our daili activity , but i 'm not so sure . i realli think that we actual can not control the rise of our factory and also the pollut that they produc . at the same level i do n't think that we can stop the industri revolut and the idea that `` we are reach the perfect societi '' as they would like to teach us . thi is whi i realli think that is quit unreal that in the next twenti year there will be fewer car in our street . i concour with those who think that the number of car are go to increas in number without control , especi those car that are particularli made for specif purpos , such as the citi car . i live in rome , where we are actual almost 4 million of peopl , and i think to be right when i say that everi famili own a car , sometim more than one . in the last 5 year in rome we have been wit in the introduct of a new type of car call `` smart '' . thi car look like a toy . it ' s small , compact , colour , and the most import fact is that it 's easi to parck , due to it small dimens . the fact is that in rome we actual have almost 400.000 of these small car in the street . onc i have read an articl on a german newspap that show thi phenomenon . the fact is that all the big factory that produc thi small car , that by the way is design by merced , are close worldwid . smart factory are out of busi in china , germani , franc , but not in itali . in fact in itali , of cours mostli in the big city , the problem of the number of car is huge . besid our govern have been so clever that in the last 10 year they have alway thought that a good way to solv thi problem wa to econom help peopl in buy a new car , instead of improv the bu servic or the subway line . besid i realli think that our economi is base on oil . all the princip war worldwid are base on the oil posset : iraq , afganistan , iran . i know that almost 20 year ago someon discov the possibl to let our engin work with water , or altern propel , but still our car work with ga . thu as long as our economi is base on oil , the number of car will not decreas in our city , but they will also increas in our small town and countri .