in twenti year from now , there is a high possibl that there will be an increas in the number of car in use than there are today . the car even though wa consid a luxuri item earlier , ha now becom household . the main reason that can be cite are the averag per capita ha been on an increas over the past few year . the peopl from the middl class famili are grow richer and mani of these famili are of the opinion that there mani use of buy a car . the averag cost of a journey come to veri less when the entir famili goe on a trip . instead of go and hire car or wait in the queue to get the seat reserv in train and which some time may go invain , own a car is much better option . the price of the car had also drop to a larg extent attract the peopl even from normal qualiti to buy a car . now a day most of the car can also be made to run on natur ga which also save lot of money on travel . in addit to all these the car also provid employ to mani peopl and as the popul is evergrow mani peopl might show interest in drive taxi for their livelihood . the car can come veri handi when both the husband and wife are work in near by place when one can drop the other on their way toward their offic and drop their children on their way to school . there ha been also been an observ decreas in the car caus pollut to environ with the improv technolog such as zero engin nois that reduc sound pollut mani a time . in addit to it the use of altern sourc of fuel ha brought down the environment pollut . thu not caus ani threat to environ . also the chanc of get injur dure accid are compar less while drive car when compar with two wheeler owe to the fact that they have safeti belt and are protect from all side . thu car provid a much safer travel . now a day car are come in new design and are also becom easier to handl and are come with such sophist that mani get attract to . the reduct in pollut and new model of car come everyday with ultim satisfact to custom and the cost also get lower and the growth of the percapita incom will mainli caus an increas in the usag of car in the come twenti year