now , the gener of young pepopl is seen like rebel , not nice , bad boy , ... but it 's not right for all young children ! in the life there are two part : when you are young you do all you want without souci and when you are an adult it 's differ , you have a wife , you must work to leav , your parent are die or too old to help you ! we will see im the first part it 's a good thinif the young children help the commun and in the second part when to particip communiti 's life is not a choic but a necess ! when you are young , you have your parent , your famili to help you if you have a problem ! you have n't got ani souci , you do n't need to earn your money to live , it 's your father and your mother who make all ! your one problem it 's just to be good at school and your parent are happi ! you have your friend and you play everytim without conscienc of life 's problem ! it 's the beauti life ! but it 's not eternel . .. ... one day you see you are a great boy , simpli a man ! it 's stang becaus you are father , you have a wife , you work to earn your money becaus if you do n't work you ca n't live , you know the life what 's the problem , what 's money , who are your realli friend , and you know the justic and all you have to do like you are a citizen ! you must help your commun , your citi , your countri where you live ! but all thi it 's becaus your parent explain you when you were young all the thing you will have to do to be a good citizen and to be accept of other ! you did n't invent all thi you learnt your power and your homework ! in conclus , i think in the life there is a time for all thing , a time to grow up , a time to learn , and a time to have import respons ! it 's not a good thing to go to fast and do n't take the time to discov all the life 's thing ! i 'm agre to say you have to particip to the commun but when you are abl to do thi and not again when you are a young boy who doe n't know anyth of life ! to finish i 'm not agre to the young peopl help the commun when they do n't know anyth o life ! in some countri thi young pepopl who help the commun are call : slave !