some peopl believ that there would be fewer car in use in the near futur than today . i person think that there would be more car in use than these day . first of all , peopl are look for altern fuel resourc that would replac the petroleum , which is the major fuel sourc for car . secondli , there would be better access to place , mean better road for car . lastli , mani third countri are develop and that would lead to more peopl be abl to use the car . first , these day , peopl are search for altern resourc to petroleum . peopl use petroleum for mani use but especi for the fuel of car . when peopl are look for anoth fuel sourc for car that would mean they would keep on use the car in the futur . thi show that peopl would n't stop use the car even in the futur , mean the number of car in use would n't decreas in twenti year . second , the world is get smaller , mean access to place around the world is get better . so mani peopl are not abl to travel around the world sinc flight ticket price to other countri are extrem expens . sinc peopl are tri to let peopl move around easili , the road for car would be develop and built to mani place to the other countri in the world . there are mani peopl who are will to visit foreign countri , and in the near futur there would be better road for the car . that would lead to increas in demand for car . final , the third and develop countri are rapidli grow . for exampl , china is grow to becom one of the strongest countri in the world . mani peopl in china do n't have car due to the poverti they are go through , but the countri , china , is grow by day and night and is supris so mani other countri around the world . in the near futur , more chines would have and use car to move around and china ha the biggest popul in the world . china is not the onli develop countri which would becom a strong countri soon . there are a lot of countri that are in similar situat like china . to conclud , the demand for car and the use of car would n't decreas in the near futur , but increas instead . there are peopl who search for altern fuel sourc for car . there would be better road and better access to so mani place in the world . lastli , there would be more peopl who could afford car from mani develop countri . therefor , it would be imposs for the number of car in use to go down in twenti year .