i agre with the statement that `` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept rather than learn fact '' . it is mainli becaus by understand the main idea and the concept we can tri answer a few question rather than keep learn the fact . like for exampl in mathemat there are sever problem that we go through and there might be mani other way in order to solv these problem . it all depend on the person who is solv the problem . everi person might have a differ idea for solv the same problem . for exampl in a class of 30 student if a question is given and the student are ask to solv that question then all the student might be abl to solv the question and also get the answer but the method in which they solv is differ . if we just understand how to solv the problem that more than enough we need not learn the differ way in which we can solv the problem . just understand the problem is enough . even in the exam if we have just start a topic and cant rememb even a singl thing that we have learn then just understand what that topic is mainli about and write what you have understood about the topic . anoth exampl can be in seminar . we can not everyth and anyth that the speaker say on the stage but just understand the main idea and concept that are be cover in the seminar . in thi way it will be easi for us to understand the seminar topic in a better way and if have ani doubt also they can be clarifi . if the main idea of the problem is understood then everyth els is easi to handl . so it is definit better for us to just understand the idea and concept instead of learn the fact . sometim it might be too late for us to learn fact about someth rather to understand the main idea and concept about the same thing . like in the exampl of exam we can not learn everyth and rememb everyth while we are write the exam . instead it is better that we understand the main idea and concept of the topic . in thi way we can rememb the topic for a longer time and can also recollect point about that particular topic where ever it is need for us to and also give our opinion about the topic . so in my opinion `` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept rather than learn fact '' . so it is better for a student to understand the main idea of the problem and work toward that problem rather than sit and learn about the problem . who know it might be too late to solv that particular problem .