car are one of the numer exampl of the human be 's abil to alway have a more practic life . they are part of technolog progress that enhanc or facilit our live , and that becom more and more complex and numer . but will thi phenomenon continu in the futur ? in my opinion , there will be more and more car in the futur . thi is the result from the incred technolog progress that we wit sinc the second world war . inde , centuri ago , the car appear with limit capac . nowaday , thank to busi and technolog , we can watch a movi insid our car , we are more protrect than ever with all the secur system that virtual everi car ha ( ab , airbag ) . in addit , the car ha becom a major way of move , sinc mani peopl use it to go to work . and sinc citi are grow , and develop countri will enter in their industri phase , there will be more car . in my mind , there will be more car within twenti year due to the develop of emerg countri . in rich and industri countri , the car is a thing without which we can not live anymor . you need a car to work , to travel , to go to vacat for instanc . the develop countri tend to evolv like the rich countri . as the societi ha chang in those latter , societi of develop countri such as china is chang also . it is evolv toward a more consumption-ori societi , where mere everyon possess a car . therefor , the number of car should increas . on the other hand , the environment issu have forc us to be care of what we produc and how we use our environ . it becom more and more import to protect the environ so that we will not face dramat event in the futur . sinc the pollut mainli contribut to the ecolog alter , from now on the emphas is made on the protect of thi environ , or at least the reduct of factor that worsen it . thu , there may be limit as for the use of the car and for other pollut . in conclus , i think that there will be more car in use in the futur . it is the logic result of technolog and industri progress . most of the peopl use a car , but it ha becom a comfort more than a need . but i also think that there should be less car inasmuch as the environment issu are becom a real problem for us and for the futur gener .