it is commonli said that , even if you get old remain young at heart . thi is becaus young enjoy everi bit of life , when they are work , play , parti or even when they are wast their time . youth repres eneregi , flow , abil to work hard and parti harder . therefor , i believ that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . at young age , peopl have dream , aim , hope and abil to fulfil their dream . thi encourag them contin to work hard and acheiv their goal . at young age , they enjoy thi hard work . while older peopl do it for it sake . for them , it is routin and noth inspir is left in do those thing . they are just cut the time . at the time of parti , youth enjoy it even harder , as it is the outcom of their hard work . they tend to flirt , danc , drive , eat and drink . thi give them an complet experi , which the old can never enjoy . be old , you can not flirt or danc , and limit come on eat and drink due to health problem . also , they are in contin tension , for varieti of reason . thi make their life bore . at young age , you have friend of variou interest . thi help you to take part in each and everi game . you can go for rock climb , sea dive , underwat swim , formula race and even to variou other sport event . but as you grow old , your stamina decreas , you are sorround by variou ill , energi level ha decreas a lot . all thi factor lead you to keep out of such sport event . in my countri , peopl are alway think of other 's view and opinion . thi inhibit their desir to break all the rule and becom young onc again . whera young do n't give a penni to such thing . they enjoy life in full stretch . they do not care for other 's opinion and do as they want , which is also a prerequisit of enjoy . there is also othet part of coin . young peopl want to live life happili , without a break . so , if someth unwant happen , they get depress veri easili . at thi stage , youth requir experi of older peopl to fight thi depress . if the young learn to avoid depress and understand that up and down are part of life they can easili come over ani situat and enjoy life non stop . thu , it can be easili conclud that , if you want to enjoy life you have to becom young again . it is not that older peopl do n't enjoy but when they enjoy we seldom say that they had return to their young age . thi is enough to say that young peopl enjoy a lot .