nowaday , our societi is base on commun . not onli , inform , but also advertis . in a newspap , on televis , food industri , bank , music , ... , all compani explain us whi we should buy their own product and not the one of their oppon by use advertis . thi bring me to a topic issu , the accuraci of advertis . some product often seem better than they realli are . on the one hand , advertis is mostli inaccur . it show you prepar meal that you just have to warm up and eat , that should be better than home made meal . it demonstr that the new technolog of mobil phone allow you to make a call and take a photograph . .. of cours your old phone is not good ani more ! the number of exampl is unlimit . it help me to come the point that advertis show us what they want . there might be a disadvantag of a new technolog , but they do not mention it . the prepar meal shown in the tv spot might be a home made one befor be frozen . as you do n't have the whole inform , you are not realli in a posit to take a posit . but it seem to the great major of peopl that product are not as good in the real life . on the other hand , there are lot of control done befor the broadcast of an advertis . for instanc , product that contain zero percent of fat are realli fatless . but thi doe not mean that the product ha a good tast . it just indic that it ha less fat than the product of anoth brand . the product seem much better on tv than in realiti , paradox though , the advertis ha n't lie to the consum . in other word , the product respect the characterist announc in the advertis but is still not as good as it seem . to conclud , i have a mix opinion about thi question . advertis often show imag of the product . those imag are mostli manipul one and show a better imag of what we are go to buy than the realiti . thi bring us to believ that product appear better on televis . but sometim , the product shown is not display for it tast , but for some other qualiti . those qualiti can not be seen on a tv screen . in that matter , the advertis is accur .