sinc the televison ha come to exist in our societi , our way of think and our need are chang with it or at least the tv make us believ that we need caertain thing that we would never buy if we would n't be bomb wiyh it for thw hole day . in the last year tv develop veri much and commerci are alway more in our today life . most of tv broadcast reli on the money that are provid by the commeraci show on their cahnnel . of cours compani of the product shown on tv need to make as much money as possibl , and thi is whi they tend to make their product seem much better than they realli are . advertis are not onli sell you a product . they are sell you a product , a fantasi , and they are also send you a messag . the primari goal of product compani is certainli to sell their product so they of cours show you the utilti of the object in question , provid you the inform about it . on tv the time is so short and limit that they can avoid to spend too much time to show you the qualiti of the product . consequ the qualiti realli decraes also in the realiti . one of the part that obvious the compani care about the most , is the fantsi that they are sell you , infact , in the world of today where most of thing are fantasi , unreal , or abstract the tv end to be our realiti . at least the one we believ to . with their advertis the compnai that whenev you will be use that specif product the commer will come to your mind and depict the devic in a better way . the third aspect imprtant in tv commerci is given by the fact that compani send you a messag through their advertis . they tell you that if you use that specif kind of cell phone or you wear that particular kind of shirt you will be cooler , or more self confid or more relax . they practic tell you the way you will feel use that product , and that of cours affect peopl 's mind . nowaday televison certainli make product seem much better than they realli are . thi is regul by the law of the televison thati basic that peopl like to be trick and beshown unreal thing