advertis is made to sell a product to the mass not to point out insuffici . i complet agre that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . the truth is veri help most of the time but in the case of tri to sell a product one should not reli on tell the truth . my point is not that lie should becom common in advertis , although it alreadi might be in some case , but there are more import thing to look at when tri to convinc a custom of by one product . the human eye are one of the most import sens to everyon and advertis should use that to get their viewer ' attent . let us take a milk commerci on tv as an exampl . if the commerci would just show me a cow in a huge milk facil squeez between other and be connect to a milk machin , that would not make me want to buy milk at all . the import thing is to attract the potenti custom by stimul their sens , for exampl with perfect imag on the tv . so , if i would then see a healthi look cow on a green swiss alm be milk by a handsom young farmer ( or for the men , by a gorgeou young famer ) it would make me more convinc that thi product is be produc in thi way and therefor is much healthier and over all , it just make me feel good about myself just look at that postcard imag . other exampl of advertis which show fit product for exampl alway give the imag of heathi lean young peopl feel good about themselv and have fun in their life becaus they are use the product which is be advertis . thi imag of a perfect bodi , and the think , that thi product might help me to achiev my goal and look like these peopl on tv , make me more like to by that product . peopl don not want to see the truth in advertis , especi on tv , they have that alreadi everi day . they want to be guid , how to escap that dull life and achiev thing , how to lose ten pound , how to have the most fun with the newest comput , or how to reach their dream vacat destin . in conclus , advertis is all about appeal to the sens . sinc onli sight and hear can be reach by advertis , the industri also use these featur in their advertis extens to persuad somebodi to by their product . it is all about get attent .