mani peopl have a differ point of view about the idea of enjoy life . some think that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . in contrari to those some think that older peopl have becom knowledg about life and so they can enjoy more than youth . i person agre with the second idea becaus i think that young peopl have more import problem than older so they ca n't enjoy life as much as older . first of all , older peopl have met life a long time ago and their stress about futur is less than youth so they can enjoy life easili . for exampl , mani young peopl have a concern about futur . they feel stress about their school , job or career . they may be afraid of graduat from their univers with low degre or find a job with low price . howev older peopl gener do n't have such problem becaus their school are finish , their job are suitabl . i can examplfi thi from my famili . i have a concern about my career becaus sometim i think that i will not finish my univers or even if i graduat i wo n't find a good job . mayb i will not abl to find a handsom and intellig man to love me. so i am afraid of be a lonesom and poor woman in my futur . howev , when i see my father and mother , they are so relax than me. they have work twenti five year and they bought two hous and one car , their two littl daughter grow and they are studi at a good school . therefor now they can spend their time and money with travel . last holiday , they went to pari becaus they wonder what pari look like ! howev i ca n't go with them becaus i have four exam and i should studi all day . secondli , older peopl ha money and time to enjoy life . young peopl need money and their pocket money is not enough for some activ . howev , when a person ha a job and he is paid well , he can do what he want in hi holiday and free time . for exampl , even if two peopl enjoy read book , one who is younger ca n't buy a book what he want , other can buy all of the book it writer . also , younger one ca n't find a free time to do it . for instanc , i like watch film and i know it is a simpl activ . howev i ca n't do it everytim becaus my school is veri hard . also i live in a big citi and i do n't have a car so my time is spent on the buse . sometim when i come home , i feel so tire and i immedi sleep . in weekend , i have a job in the univers librari so sometim i ca n't find time to studi my lesson . therefor , i ca n't do my faviorit activ as well as i want so i ca n't anjoy my life ! all in all as i said befor everyon may think differ about the idea of enjoy life . i person think that older peopl can enjoy life more than young peopl becaus older peopl ha enough money and time . also young peopl 's concern about the futur is a big problem about enjoy life .