if we look at offici statist of the industrialis and develop world , we immedi realiz that the number of car ha been constantli increas over time . in some case the growth rate ha increas too . therefor i would be tempt to say that i disagre with statement . howev , a more care analysi should be perform . for instanc , we should take into account that public transport have becom a must in sever citi in the world becaus park space is limit and there is so much traffic that it would be imposs to arriv at work on time if peopl went by car . a lot of countri have given a lot of incent toward more environment-friendli mean of transport such as ga or electricity-pow one , reduc the price for ticket . at the same time a charg ha to be paid to enter the center of a lot citi . therefor there are element that could certainli discourag the use of privat car and encourag the use of public transport . up to here , we have talk about the use of public transport within citi , but similar argument could be made for long-dist journey . low-cost airlin have spread out throughout all europ . high-spe railway are be built and there are a lot of high speed train alreadi in oper in japan . all these technolog respond to a particular need , that is the possibl of move faster from one town to anoth in a veri short period of time . thi , for obviou reason , can not be achiev by use a privat car . for instanc , in order to come and take thi test i took a high-spe train from napl to rome which take onli one hour . henc , i did not have to wake up too earli thi morn , i took the underground , and the train , then the underground in rome . i had no park problem at all and thi even i can attend my best friend 's birthday parti back in napl . probabl , by use my own car thi would have been much more difficult and stress , if not imposs . in conclus , if i follow the line of reason abov i have to agre with the statement . use altern mean of transport to car is more comfort in mani occas and it is becom more and more comfort over time , then the number of car should decreas in twenti year .