i agre with the statement that say it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . learnig fact is also import for stuedent , but if they do not understand what that mean or what the concept is from then it would not help student . the student will forget the thing what they learn if they do not extactli understand the concept . also , if student keep learn fact and do not make it as their own , student would not be abl to make the next step or can not make more thing from what they learn . i think the point of studi or learn is that student can get lot of knowledg that they did not know , not just make student learn fact and do not understand what that mean . i have a few reason for my statement . first , some student just memor lot of thing a day befor the test and forget everyth right after the test . howev , if they realli understood what that meant and what that concept 's mean is , they would not had to memor all the fact , but just read it over so they can re-mak sure what they learn . i have read the korean famou newslett , and it said that they had an experi about the student ' memor with what they realli understood and with what they just heard about it and did not get the concept of it . the fact wa that almost everi student from that experi could rememb longer what they realli understood what it meant than that they just memorzi even they did not get the mean of it . next , student would be abl to make their own next step from what they learend if they understood the idea and the concept of it . it is more import for student to understand what they learn becaus if they do not get the mean and the concept of it , student would not rememb anyth even after just few day later . that is not the purpos of learn . howev , if student get the idea , then they would be abl to think more about it and mayb ask more about that idea to the teacher . one of korean famou ceo said that he still rememb lot of thing that he learn when he wa in the middl school . i think make the fact for their own is the biggest thing . lastli , i think `` learn '' doe not mean just know the fact , but understand what it trueli mean . i like the way of studi in north america becaus they do not just make student memor the thing but share their idea . howev , korean 's studi way is not the same . so korean student get difficulti in share their own thought or their opinion becaus they realli did not une