everyday i leav my hous for school , i see a car . i see mani car . as a matter of fact , i nearli get hit by mani car . they have becom as much a part of my life as food . also like food , i forse much , much more of them in the futur , and for much the same reason . peopl like food . peopl want more food . therefor , they are go to make more of it . some believ that car will lessen out in the next two decad due to new , cheaper mean of transport , such as the segway or aurplanc . howev , virtual everi household in america possess at least one such vehicl , often two . i do n't think peopl are go to throw away their belov sedan simpli becaus someon recent invent a new fanci toy that roll on two wheel and requir no ga . they simpli put too much money into their car , spent too much time with them , to throw them away for the next new fad . when the car break own , they 'll probabl jsut buy a new one instead of give a new invent a tri , sinc they prefer familiar over the unknown . peopl often complain about how car creat pollut , with all the fuel they burn , the exhaust they produc , and all the wast metal when they break down or outliv themselv . despit all of thi , peopl still buy honda , bmw , and ferrari like crazi . peopl do n't care about the polut problem enough to quit drive and take up bike , and major car compani squish their fear by insist that they are produc more effic , cleaner car even as they speak . therefor , i believ it 's safe to conclud that the number of car will actual rise within twenti year , not drop . as gasolin price have shot up , the number of peopl buy car have drop slightli , but not by enough for anyon to realli notic . as the demand for motor oil increas , so will the number of enterpris that go out search for the stuff . thu , if anyth , the oil suppli will increas in twenti year . even if they fail to find anymor gasolin resver , the car compani will most like develop car that run off other fuel , such as hydrogen , fuel cell , or simpli electr . as the fuel get cheap , so will the car . as the car get cheaper , peopel start buy more . car will not lessen within the next twenti year , unless they invent a new vehicl that make the belov automobil obselet . peopl simpli love their car to much to care about how neat the newest invent is , or how much pollut it gener , or how much gasolin price have rise .