i heard a joke onc that goe like thi : god when creat the speci gave the dog a life span of 30 year , the monkey 20 year and human be 20 . but the greedi man ask god for the 30 year the dog had and the 20 year the monkey had and god grant thi wish . that whi they say that in the first 20 year human be enjoy life as they are suppos to , then they get job and work like a dog in the next 30 year and then they retir and entertain grandchildren like a monkey in the remain 20 . alltough thi joke is n't entir relat to my thought it show that in the first 20 year human be have more fun then in their older age . so i personnali agre that young peopl enjoy life more sinc they have veri few care or respons in life , rage hormon which make them feel more live and bigger hope for the futur which make them more optimist toward life . firstli when a person is young he doe n't have ani responsibilit that would stress him out . he doe n't have to pay ani bill , or think about the futur of a child or exhaust himself day in and day out in a job . all he ha to do is go to school get good grade and that it . all the rest are problem that hi parent have to think about . it is probabl the onli period in hi life that he is onli live for ` himself` . not anybodi els . secondli a young person ha more hormon run through hi bodi dure growth . he is wild and crazi and hi bodi is pump adrenalin and have fun just seem like an instinct . hang out with friend , go out at night , not care what to do is a phase that probabl all peopl go through when they are young but seiz to do as they get old . the hormon diminish with age and eventu peopl tend to settl down . last but not least young peopl have bigger hope and dream for the futur make them more optimist toward life . they can dream of their first job , their futur spous or mayb even the first car they will buy for themselv wherea as time goe by the experi in life stop becom a first . sinc they are more enthusiast toward their futur goal they will enjoy everyth more compar to a person who find everyth a routin . so in conclus i agre with the statement which say that young peopl enjoy life more then older peopl do sinc they have less stress caus respons , more hormon to make them feel more live and , greater expect in life .