nowaday , peopl love to travel sinc it is not a hard thing to do anymor after the invent of aeroplan . travel is definit a good idea to explor more about other countri , learn about other cultur and also relax yourself from the intens work . some peopl say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . howev , i do not agre with thi statment and i think travel on your own , or with your famili or close friend , is a better choic . travel is assum to be a relax activ dure holiday . if you travel with a group of peopl led by a tour guid , you may not get the relax result due to two reason . first , you do not have the right to choos whom to go with . if you are in a group that ha some peopl with bad person or hard to get along with , your trip will be ruin . second , usual the tour guid plan a tight schdule for the group sinc he or she want to show the group as much as possibl . you may have to stay up until eleven or even twelv at night but be ask to wake up at around six or seven in the morn . after travel , you may actual feel more tire than befor , which is not relax at all . if you go travel on your own , then you will have to plan the trip all by yourself , which is inde a fun thing to do . while you are plan thr trip , you have to do research about the place that you will visit . although thi may be time-consum , you know more about the place by read the cultur and probabl a littl bit histori of the place . not onli can thi widen your horizon , but also increas your interest about the place you will be travel . you will then have more fun dure the real trip . also , find the tour that ha the combin of place that you want to visit is hard . even you get the right combin , you may not get the time that you want to stay , the hotel that you like or the length of the trip that you want . if you realli find your perfect tour , you may find it price is unreason high . in a word , the ideal way to travel is on your own . you can decid everyth by yourself and also spend the amount of money that you want to spend . thi is the way to have a realli relax and fun trip you want .