the goal of advertis is to attract peopl to buy a product , and therefor they make look the product better than they are . i agre with that , and i will explain with some pratic exampl thi theori . most commerci are these day shown on tv , the biggest mass media that we know . specifi product are sponsor between certain hour , for exampl , dure a cartoon show gener are sponsor product for kid . at night , depend on the movi play , the commerci chang too . if it 's a romant movi , we are most like to see commerci for product that are use by women , or if it 's an action movi the target is the male gender . some product , such as lingeri , tend to show perfect femal bodi in order to attract both sex . women will be incentiv to buy it becaus they will find themselv attract as the model , and men will connect that imag to a sexual pleasur . sex is , in fact , part of our instinct , and that 's where the advertis are made to hit . anoth area where we are more sensibl is food , but it 's a more delic subject , becaus women want to lose weight in a healthi way , while men focu more on the tast . thi way , it 's veri import to advertis a food that both men and women like , not consider the children . sinc we have been bombard of imag of perfect bodi , hous , famili , live . .. the new commerci are tri to give more of a realist imag ( without lose that aura of magic ) , therefor we still will see beauti women , but mayb in compani of not as that attract men , make feel the buyer at the same level as them , and not anymor look at these `` god '' as inacces . but the new target of advertis are the children , sinc they are left more and more in front of the televis , and also becaus gener in the famili they have the control of the remot . anyway , i think that a more specifi type of advertis , focus on a restrain target , is yet more effect , but it 's more danger becaus it 's reach some level never seen befor . we are alway look for the latest statu symbol , which is normal a veri fanci and useless gadget , but i 'm afraid that is too late to go back . the onli thing that i suggest is to reduc the amount of commerci , becaus honestli , i think that all of us are sick of them .