societi in which we live is call societi of knowledg that mean that inform is critic factor in societi . there is an argument about whether get broad knowledg is better than have specif inform about the one subject . some peopl might think that nowaday special in one certain subject is good becaus mani compani want to hire person who have a lot of inform about the one subject . howev , i think that it is far better for peopl to get wide inform of mani academ becaus they can get the variou way to learn and build a varieti of relationship . first , i think if peopl learn and get the knowledg of mani academ subject , they can obtain divers skill to learn effect and these skill are benefici for them to live in changeabl societi . in other word , while peopl get broad knowledg they can find the skill that are effect way to input these inform and arrang them in the brain . for exampl , i had to get a lot of inform of mani subject when i wa a high school student . at that time , i could improv my way to get the inform effect and make an order to rememb thi inform for a long time . after graduat from high school , these skill is veri help to me understand inform of difficult knowledg of my major and i could get great grade in the exam in my univers day . second , peopl who have broad inform can make variou relationship with other peopl who are involv in divers field . accord to the research carri by my univers , peopl tend to understand well other if they are relat with themselv a littl . so even though peopl get the knowledg some subject a littl , they can understand other veri well becaus they have someth in common . today , broad relationship is veri import fact for success in life . so have broad knowledg give peopl some advantag in their life . to conclud , have broad knowledg of a varieti of academ subgect is better for peopl becaus without have broad inform they can not set the way for input a great amount of data effect and may have hard time in associ with other who are in the differ field from them . i am sure that broad inform help peopl to live more comfort and success .