where i live , in japan more peopl tend to think that young peopl have more chanc to enjoy their life than older peopl . howev , in my opinion , i disagre with thi statement for the follow reason . i think that there are three element that allow peopl to enjoy their life . one is good experi , second element is money and last element is time . consid these kind of element , older peopl can enjoy life much more than young peopl . first older peopl have more experi than young peopl have . good experi is abl to give a person wider human network and deeper thought . if there is no experi about someth a person want to do , he or she will not have no idea what to do and who he or she have to contact no matter how the person hope to do it strongli . in addit , older peopl have more money than young peopl . it is no doubt that we have to need money so much if we want to enjoy life . unless there are enough money to spend usual life , it is quit difficult for us to keep my bodi and soul healthi . of cours , we will not be abl to spend buy cloth . final , older peopl can use a great deal of time . of cours univers student especi in japan have a lot of time . but , they do not know how to spend such a preciou time . constrastli , older peopl well know how to use time . i show good exampl to explain these element . for exapml , my uncl who retir hi job last year start up hi own job ; japanes food restaur in tokyo . in thi busi , he could use throughtli hi wide rang network that wa build dure he work at trade compani deal with variou fish nationwid . in addit , he can much money to establish hi own busi . if young person want to do same thing , he will have troubl with collect money . and final , my uncl had a lot of time to thing over what kind of busi he should start up . these element ; experi , money and time enabl hi life to be wonder . therefor , i strongli believ that older peopl can enjoy their life much more than young peopl . if the opinon that young peopl can spend their life more enjoy is true , our futur becom bore .