young peopl today do not think of other as much as they perhap should , which ha mani differ reason , includ biolog , social , and histor reason . the time period we are current live in is a capitalist era , and peopl in gener , young or old , seek their own benifit in situat . children are be brought up to think with a capitalist mind . it is import for parent that their children have a succesful life . the definit of a such a life at the moment seem to be , wealth and prestig . these goal consum extrem amount of time . thi mean that young adult are be brought up to think of themselv first , becaus they are be told a fullfil life is have materi good . in consequ , these young peopl can not find the time in help the commun . at a young age , especi in the so-cal `` teen , '' young peopl have alot of thing on their mind , take away ani focu on aid the commun . dure these year of transit between childhood and adultri hormon are swirl through the bodi of these peopl . they seek new thing and tri to explor what they do not know . there is also often a senc of loss dure thi period of time . these adolesensc tri to find a reason to their exist , result in a search for ident . thi proccess can be veri overwhellm and often end negativli if not spend enough time on . thi ha often been the topic of literatur . one exampl of thi would be the novel `` catcher in the rye '' by saling . in that novel it enphasis the import of teenag to work on themselv and develop , to ensur a safe end to their teenag year . help the commun take up time and energi , which few adolesensc can spare in thi time of progress and search . the young peopl of today are a countermov to the movement of their parent . everi movement is follow by a countermov . thi can alreadi be seen far back in histori . and exampl would be the romanticiscm , which saw emot and fantasi more import than logic and ration think . thi wa a countermov to the period of enlight which cherrish exactli that , what the romant period dismaid , logic , and ration think . the young pepl of today are go into the opposit direct their parent had gone . mani of these parent were so-cal `` hippi , '' which stood for love , piec , freedom , and help eachoth . if one would take the opposit of the trait in that movement , it would make the young peopl of today ; self-cent , ignor , and often aggress . thi is veri much what mani young peopl of today are like . thi way of think also exclud the mere thought about help the communiti . young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . it is not solemli their fault , for they are a product of societi and their natur instinc in specif time period of their life .