i person think there would be few car in use becaus of the enviro and the climat in futur . if there would be few car , peopl will use train , buse and airplan which everyon will use . by have less car , the amount of petrol burn will decreas due to the decreas in transport . firstli , in mani televis , they say that the climat , in futur , will chang extrem becaus of the pollut . for instanc , there is an increas in carbon dioxid , co2 becaus of burn fossil fuel . in the time of industri , mani factori were built that result as pollut the air . car have also pollut the air becaus of burn petrol . in addit , there are more car becaus peopl can use it drive anywher they want . howev , by burn petrol , thi ha chang the climat . nowaday , we can see that the temperatur is rapidli rise than the previou year . peopl now think that they should decreas car to not pollut the air . therefor , thi will lead to a decreas in car . secondli , car are one of the reason of pollut which destroy environ . as petrol is burn , the ga that is creat from burn will pollut the air that will decreas the amount of oxygen . the oxygen is one of an import substanc for us , human be and for other natur . howev , there is a theori that tree and other plant can dissolv carbon dioxid but nowaday there are too much carbon dioxid in the air that plant can no more dissolv them . nowaday , there are mani import natur place that peopl are not allow to enter becaus they may pollut . thi is mainli becaus peopl are use car , electr and other thing . most of the thing we use in daili life are made of fossil that mainli pollut the air . it is hard for us to stop produc from fossil or use fossil becaus it is the main product we use , therefor , peopl can stop use car from burn petrol . lastli , becaus of the increas in carbon dioxid and pollut , the ozon layer is now half destroy . these day , climat is fairli warmer than previou year becaus of the ozon layer . ozon layer is import for the earth that protect the direct ray of light from the sun but becaus the ozon layer is destroy , our summer ha becom warm and also in other season . in conclus , in twenti year , i strongli think that there will be fewer car in use than there are today becaus of enviroment reason . due to the chang in climat and the problem of environ , peopl would courag to keep the air clean by take transport instead of car and clean the citi . mani peopl are scare of the climat in futur and they are think of how to solv the problem for our gener and futur gener . i would like to use car in futur but i like to use train and buse becaus i may pass place where i have not been to . it may cost money to take transport , especi in japan , but thi will help for all human as financi reason and even anim for natur .