i tend to disagre with thi statement . first of all , young peopl , who take part in youth organ such as the scout do regularli provid servic to their commun by organ activ to collect fund to financ some commun project or to help volunt organ in their work . they also often visit older peopl or peopl suffer from seriou diseas in hospit . secondli , i disagre with the use of the term `` nowaday ' in the propos statement . older peopl alway complain about the fact that modern societi are not as good as the societi in the past . i refus to accept thi idea . peopl have the tendenc to rememb better the good and nice thing they saw a long time ago than the bad thing that occur to them in the past . thi is , accord to me , the main reason whi societi in the past seem to be better than the societi we present live in . therefor , even though peopl might think that children and teenag do not help their commun enough , believ that it wa differ befor is a mistak . peopl alway provid help for their commun and other peopl alway complain that it wa not enough . noth here is new . thirdli , the degre by which young peopl help their commun depend on the cultur and the tradit of the countri in which they live . draw univers conclus is acord to me not as evid when it come to an evalu of whether young peopl are involv with provid help for their commun or not . as a matter of fact , it can be true that in some region of the world , young peopl quit individualist in their point of view and therefor will not think easili about help other without a financi or anoth compens for themselv . but in other region , such for exampl chine , young children and teenag get use to help other for free sinc a veri young age . in these societi , young peopl will therefor quicklier go to help their commun . in short , peopl alway did and alway will complain about the fact that young peopl do not help enough their commun but i disagre wiht them . i think that these peopl do not realiz that group of young peopl such as the scout help their commun as much as they can , that they forget that thing were not so differ in the past and that help other without ask for compens is for sure veri much cultur determin .