today , the car industri is at a decis turn in it histori . while the popul in urban area keep grow , and there are more and more peopl that need transport in their everyday life , the industri is face both econom and environment challeng : how will it take up these challeng ? will the world becom a place satur by car , and total pollut by car ga emiss ? the car industri ha enjoy a tremend growth sinc the post war period . it develop at a fast pace , and mani industri countri adopt the individu car as the answer to meet the rise need of citizen for transport . dure the last half centuri , car have spread everywher in the world , becom the number one way for peopl to move . the exampl of the us societi is relev to show how car is play a major part not onli from a practic point of view , but also on a symbol level , as the first individu car were the ford t and thi technolog advanc contribut greatli to develop the us influenc all over the world . howev today , regard the econom context and the environment situat of the planet , i think it is high time we think about what i would call the `` post car era '' . inde , the whole car industri success lie on the fact that peopl have easi access to afford fuel , a fact which is today increasingli question regard the polit situat in mani oil-produc countri . besid , today peopl seem to be more awar of the dramat ecolog impact car have on the environ . i often reflect upon what would next gener think of our irrespons behaviour , becaus although we know it is a suicid on the long run , we keep use individu car even when it could be replac by environment-friendli mean of transport . anyway , i am confid and i think that soon there should be major chang in our daili habit regard the use of car , which should lead to a sharp decreas of their number . but i know it will take time , and i think such goal can not be reach without a prior global reflexion on what we , as human bee , are current do to the planet we live on , and on what the altern to the massiv use of individu car are . what is at stake , the futur of the planet , is far too import to be overlook .