i agre that success peopl tri to do new thing and take risk rather than do onli one thing that they know well . first of all , i think that learn is a life-long job . everi person who want to suc ha to learn new thing veri hard . i believ that have an open mind , tri to be adventur and take risk are the key to success . if i am afraid of chang and do n't want to give it a tri on new thing , i will not be abl to develop myself . for instanc , say that i am afraid of water , so i avoid learn how to swim . i never tri to learn so i do n't know how to swim . but one day , i wa on a boat or a ship and the boat wa on fire . or , i fell from the boat and i 'm in the middl of the sea , not be abl to move . what will happen then ? i am a foreign , good at my nativ languag . but sinc i am good at what i alreadi know and do n't learn foreign languag such as english , i will not be abl to studi in the state nor commun with peopl from abroad . i will be stuck in a littl world . second , i think that peopl who resist to make chang becom lazi and outdat . they do not develop nor improv themselv and just sit idl onli do what they know how to do well . i have seen mani popl around me who becom outdat and fall behind other peopl . for exampl , mani korean peopl who came to the state do not know how to speak english . i wa veri shock when i met some korean , who live in the us for more than 10 year , not be abl to speak english well . the reason that they could n't speak wa becaus they were comfort with their life . they did n't want to tri new thing or learn a new languag . nor do they want to take risk to adapt in the american societi . they were just do what wa easi for them . they onli hang out with korean and watch korean tv show , and do not know what is go around in the us . no self improv nor develop . all in all , peopl who sit idl and just do what they alreadi know well will not be abl to succeed . onli the one who tri new thing and learn consist will flourish and succeed . if a person onli doe what he want and doe n't learn anyth els but what he know , the outdat person will not be abl to succeed .