while i am 18 year old and still go to school and will continu to do so for at least one more year , i agre with the statement . it is extrem import to achiev as high of a broad knowledg as possibl . i think that know a lot in mani differ academ subject will get me further . basic knowledg is the key to success . i believ that thi is the reason whi sever `` gymnasien '' in switzerland for instanc focu on a broad knowledg . eventhough no student will be abl to use everi subject he or she studi in school or univers later on , the subject are essenti for do a great job in the chosen profess . for exampl , if i will go studi and special in busi later on , i wo n't get anywher onli with my knowledg about busi or econom . in the busi world you need a strong sens of languag and commun skill . no matter what you choos to be , languag is import , especi english . if a person ha no knowledg in english , he or she wo n't be abl to contact someon in anoth countri or work intern . also import , wherev you work or what you studi , is math . a person will be confront with math question all hi life and will need to appli math in specif situat . it is rough to get through life when one doe n't have a broad knowledg . nowaday it is even more import , sinc one can chang hi job or academ field of work more easili than befor . in the olden day peopl chose their proffess and usual stuck with it for the rest of their live , alway do the same thing . today , one can easili switch to a total differ field and still do a great job . in thi case one clearli need to have a broad knowledg to accomplish such a chang . in my opinion it is get easier and easier to do so . in some case you do n't even need to major in busi anymor if you want to work as a manag . it 's simpli import to studi or work in the field you like to achiev high academ or work relat success . of cours in thi case , a sens of knowledg in everi field of studi is essenti . it definit is import and reason to get as much of a broad knowledg as possibl . special in ani specif subject is not wrong either and also import , but it is way better to do so in addit to a broad knowledg .