in my opinion most of the young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . most young peopl are free in think and do not worri about their futur as much as older peopl . they just live their life as it come and enjoy everi minut , while play with other kid . older peopl , on the other hand , mostli worri much about their futur or the futur of their kid and it is hard for them not to think of the futur and the danger site of what their action . they worri so much about a point that they can not just enjoy life and the stuff they do . becaus of their background and the bad thing that might have happen in their past , they see new situat from an differ ankl , and avoid them , instead of improv new thing and new way of life . there are mani problem , such as money , job , or the comment of other peopl , that young peopl do not care about , becaus someon els ( mostli their parent ) worri for them . live in a societi doe envolv a lot of difficulti , that young poepl when there is someon they like , they play togeth , even if there are differ barrier like a differ languag . i think young peopl are more open to new thing and new peopl , which is an import fact of enjoy life . but not everyon is the same . there are older peopl who do not fear ani situat and enjoy their life to an high age , just like young children , are open to everi new step in their life and to everi new person . they do not miss ani opportun of explor someth new , wether it is skydiv , travel to a new countri far away , or play a new sport with their grandchildren . but `` enjoy life '' ha a lot of differ site and the varieti of the word ` joy ' is differ from person to person . some peopl enjoy life by have a famili and live a quiet life at their farm in the middl of nowher . other like to live a `` starlif '' in hollywood or ani other big citi . even other peopl enjoy their life , risk their life everyday , by explor ani new extremsport . some peopl need a lot of money to enjoy their life , other do not . so the question is veri difficult to answer . but from my point of view and my young background , i think that most young peopl enjoy their life more than older peopl , just becaus of the fact that they are more open and do not worri about their futur as much as older peopl do .