the best way to travel there are mani differ opinion on the way for travel . some peopl like to travel by themselv or with their friend while other enjoy their time with a compani like a tour guid . those peopl who believ that the best way to travel in a group with a tour guid feel more comfort and learn for they can travel and learn a lot of new inform at the same time . howev , i am one of those peopl who would rather travel alon or with my friend . the reason for thi is becaus i do n't feel veri comfort when there is a tour guid around . firstli , i realli like to have my friend or rel around me while travel becaus that 's how i have fun . also , even when i do not know a lot about a place that i am plan to visit , i go onlin and get more inform about that place . i read and get direct to find my way out easili rather than be with a tour guid . thi is not necessarili becaus i do not like tour guid but it is just becaus i believ that i would have more fun while i spend time with peopl that i am veri close . furthermor , i travel mani countri with and without tour guid . some of the place i went to are germani , russia , and holland . even though i had difficulti while travel around becaus of not know the languag , i still enjoy my time dure the vacat . on the other hand , when i wa with a tour guid i felt like i wa under a lot of pressur to listen to everi detail that he provid . for instanc , when i went on a tour in a museum in germani , i got veri bore and tire becaus of the explicit and unessenti amount of inform provid by the tour guid . my tour guid kept trow date about the import build and no one realli paid attent becaus everyon expect to learn some interest fact rather than simpl date on the tour . i think i would have enjoy my trip better if i wa by myself . lastli , i like to have convers with my friend while travel . but when there is a tour guid and a group of peopl around me , i can not get chanc to chat with my friend becaus talk would be veri disrespect . therefor , with a tour guid i can not realli enjoy my time even though it is ver nice to learn new inform about the place that i visit .