as peopl get older , they realiz what wa obviou from the begin : that they will die . eventhough thi may sound sad , it still is the truth that we all share . by realiz and accept thi unchangebl fact , peopl start to enjoy life more than they did in their young year . so i must say that i disagre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more that older peopl do . be young is like be god . you feel that you are capabl of do anyth and everyth . thi mislead idea push young peopl to their limit . they spend their time tri new think , without ani kind of commit , until they are done with the excit , which they felt due to the fact that they are tri someth new . in thi sens we even can say that young peopl are like scout , they just cant sit still and enjoy someth . they alway feel the urg to go forward and explor the horizon . on the other hand ; older peopl are in peac with the fact that their time in thi world is shorter than the rest and they cant do everyth with the time that left to them , so they tri to settl down and enjoy thing that they encount throughout their live . that whi we can see older peopl everywher who is do someth which can be seen as bore for younger peopl . for exampl sail or paint . anoth import fact whi older peopl do enjoy life more than young peopl is that they accompish what young peopl cant tast . older peopl had spent more time on thi earth that younger peopl so we can say that they had their own share of succ ; they form famili and most probabl maintain the surviv of their gene . thi give older peopl a feel of victori over life so they can spent their time celebr it . just feel like a long war is over and peac is ettablish : a peac with themselv . to summar we can say that old peopl enjoy life more than young peopl becaus they spent enough time to overcom their urg . they had enough experi to realiz what they realli want and they go for it . moreov ; they realiz that their time is limit so they want to make the best of it . all these , help old peopl to enjoy life more that young peopl do .