travel in a group led by a tour guid coud be veri interest . the tour guid is an expert so there is littl chanc that the group would miss out ani tourist attract that are worth visit . howev , as far as i 'm concern , travel all by myself is much more excit as it doe not stop me from make spontan decis and it also give me time to think about my life and plan my futur . to begin with , be with a tour guid would mean that i have to follow the schedul that ha been drawn up beforehand and thi would be veri bore for the group of travel . they have to visit place that are chosen by the tour guid even though they are not interest in them at all . for exampl , i went on a school trip to china recent and we visit mani famou garden in china . they were all beauti , of cours , but i am not realli keen on look around garden so the trip wa veri bore for me . if i wa allow , i would have visit other place of my choic but obvious , i wa not . thu , when travel as a group , it is veri inconveni that no-on is suppos to do ani spontan action . moreov , to some peopl , travel could be veri special in respect that it could be a deviat from their normal life . they may need to take some respit from busi live they lead . for instanc , i plan to have a gap year onc i graduat from the high school and travel europ all by myself . thi trip would make it possibl for me to look back on my past life and it would also give me enough time to think about what i want to do in the futur . it is a lot better to travel alon when you need to ponder over import decis to be made . henc , at some stage in their live , peopl need to be solitari while travel in order to have time to get the new energi to carri on with their live . to conclud , i believ that travel as a group is not quit perfect for some becaus it restrict peopl from do anyth at the spur of the moment and also becaus it is imposs for peopl to have a quiet time by themselv to cool off their head if they are with other peopl . i do not intend to assert that travel alon is the best for everyon as it realli depend on individu 's person prefer . the fundament purpos of travel is , i think , is to reflect on yourselv and if some peopl could do thi while travel as a group ,