in twenti year , will there be fewer car in use than there are today ? i think that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . it is true that car are significantli import as transport way for middl distanc , and the middle-dist transport will becom more import becaus we need commun and transact with those who live place where are far from the place where we live in . howev , for two reason , i think that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . the first reason is the increas of substitut transport way and the second reason is that the long-dist transport becom more impot than the middle-dist transpor . first , it is true that middle-dist transport becom more import . howev , way of middle-dist transport are not onli car . for exampl , buse are in use for middle-dist transport . recent , we pay attent to the neg effect of car on environ becaus gase which are issu by car are said to have effect which make the atomospher warmer . therefor , the movement occur that we use buse instead of my car in order to reduc car which are in use at the same time . when we consid thi trend , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . second , although i think that middle-dist transport becom more import , long-dist transport must becom more import than middle-dist transport , sinc the necess of long-dist transport becaus inform technolog allow us to find new infom about the oversea and to encourag us to go abroad . therefor , although middle-dist transport may becom more import , intern transport becom import than thi . and , if intern transport is more importatnt rel and expenditur by peopl remain unchang , peopl reduc the expenditur for middle-dist , there are fewer car in use than there are today . for the abov two reason , i think that there will be fewer car in use than there are today . howev , thi doe not impli that car are less import than today ; i mean that long-dist transport is by far more import than middle-dist transport and way for middle-dist transport chang .