have you ever dream of go back to the past when you could enjoy as much as you want ? the older you are , the less interest your life might be . do you know whi a lot of peopl are eager to be yeonger although our lifetim remark went up ? we are all dream of the happiest moment of my lifetim . just becaus you are younger than other , it doe n't mean that you enjoy life more than older peopl do . still , i take it for grant that there are more chanc for younger peopl to enjoy life becaus they have more time to meet friend . besid , they do n't have as mani experi as older peopl do . younger peopl can enjoy someth jolli with peopl whom they like . although most of them go to school , there are also so mani freind as well as fellow in the school , wherea it 's extrem difficult for older poepl to gather their pal becaus each of them ha thier job . they should make money to take care of their belov famili who can be much more import than friend . on the other hand , younger peopl can go to the bar , club , concert and their chun 's hous . no matter how much time they have , they can meet their friend whenev they want . next , they have less experi than older peopl do . it is one of tremend advantag . they can do someth that old peopl regard as someth bore becaus it could be someth special and uniniti for them . for exampl , hard trip is pretti pleas for them becaus it 's not onli someth new , but they can also undergo new and preciou exprienc . person , i wa allow to go to south-east asia at first becuas my parent think it can be absolut hard and danger , but it wa veri attract and gay for me to go there . i could go there after i had been allow to go there in the end . i have never gone though such fantast thing . if i had been older and less activ , i could n't have undergon . in conclus , yeonger peopl enjoy our lifetim more than older peopl . they can do anyth they want with their friend , and they can even enjoy someth of which older peopl are alreadi sick . that 's whi i alleg affirm that younger peopl have more opportun as well as time to enjoy themselv as far as i 'm concern