in my opinion it is good to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than special in one specif subject becaus it is said that `` to have a good and use knowledg do not have it on one topic have it mani topic as it enlighten your mind , sinc knowledg increas on read more and give more '' . now the question aris whi it is good to have knowledg on mani academ subject it is becaus that life is full of divers and result of thi is we have to face mani face of life , which is not possibl by simpli know one subject . take an exampl like you have knowledg of onli comput scienc and the situat aris where you have to appli knowledg of chemistri but sinc you have special in onli one subject and do not know anyth about chemistri so you face the problem . whenev there is a problem there is a way out and for thi reason onli our educ system is design in such a way that we studi each and everi subject and atleast attain a knowledgebl posit in each and everi subject . there alway question aris in educ system whi a histori student have to studi chemistri and other subject , the answer is veri simpl no bodi can gurante what is go to happen in come futur . so in order to prepar for everi situat he or she must be prepar for ani aspect of life and the key indegridi for thi is ` knowledg divers ' that is an individu should not confin hi or her studi to one field but tri to learn in a divers envoirn . now take a real life problem you are a father of small child and you onli know literatur sinc you have special in it . now one night your child becom ill and you do not find ani doctor nearbi so what you will do in that case . there the divers knowledg play a import role sinc we studi biolog upto some level so we can trace out symptom and can give some primari aid to child which we have learn otherwis simpli wait and watch . so these all exampl abov show the import of broad knowledg in mani academ subject not in one so sinc it is prove that `` knowledg is never wast '' , and thi have been realis by our forefath 's and our educ system is result of that polici onli .