special knowledg knowledg is a vital aspect that lead to build the human abil to handel life challeng and be effictiv in the soceiti . howev the type of knowledg is import in order to to make the peoson abl to overcom life issu and challeng and bieng a effeict in the soceiti . i beilv that the proper type of knowledg should be optain is the special knowledg which is focus in one specif subject , becaus of mani benifit theat lead to the qualiti . firstli , special knowledg give the benifit the person of bieng fulli awar of all the aspect he or she is special in . becaus as he or sh is focus in one subject or aspect , he will have the chanc to understand and cover everi thing relat to hi or here studi . as a result the person wuold be master in the area he or she is studi . so , he will be focus and perfect and therefor he or she would benifit the sociti more significantli that studi vast type to subject that not cover everi aspect of thoe subject . in fact i know tow peopl , one is expert in market and the other one is knowledg in market , humaneresourc , and financ . both are work in the markt feild . the one who is special in markt is super in hi work where as the other one is not perform good perofrm in hi job . second , special studi give the chanc to person to add valu to hi studi and extend the scope of hi studi . becaus he or she by bieng specil in the are of thier studi they will cover everi aspect of the subject and thi will give them the chanc to make more reaserch and discov by tri more expermint inthier field , and would expand thier knowledg in thier subject . so thi will lead to more discoveri . one the other hand peopl who studi everi thing will not be abl to add valu to what thier studi becuas they will not have the time to understand the full pictur of everi thing . for exampl the research in nasa are all special in thier field so they are abl to come to new discoveri becaus they are fulli awar of thier field . in summari , in order to optain the qualiti , peopl should special in thier studi . by opta qualiti peopl the societi will be benifit and mani life challeng will be solv and overcom .