i believ that there would be fewer car in use in the next twenti year , than they are today . i would like to present variou point to support my posit which are as list below . firstli , if we examin the number of car which have been in use in the past few year in the whole world , we would notic that the number ha increas . mani reason can be ascrib to thi increas . one of the reason is that car ha becom a common commod and a thing easier to possess as it cost ha decreas over the past few year . thi price decreas might be due to variou factor promin of which would be the competit among automobil industri . thi led to an increas in the number of car own and be use . thi increas ha drastic influenc the environ in the wrong way . it led to seriou environment problem . now-a-day , air pollut is one of the major problem be face by mani citi and countri in the world . the increas in air pollut is mainli attribut to vehicular emiss apart from industri emiss and other sourc . amongst the vehicular emiss , the emiss due to car are the major contributor to the air pollut . henc , everi countri is now look for option to reduc air pollut and that one effect way would be to lay emiss norm and increas the tax on vehicl which would then place restrict on the usag of the car . henc the number of car might decreas . moreov , the congest on the road ha increas due to increas in the number of car which result in traffic jam . thi is make the life of the car user difficult . henc , they might opt for otherway of transport such as the public transport system . the govern are also work out in improv the public transport system like the use of metro railway and buse for public transport . thi is exactli what is be done in newdelhi ( india ) right now which is the place where i am stay and thi ha work out here and result in a decreas in the number of the car be use compar to the last year . after introduc delhi metro over here the number of car in use on road have decreas . one more point i would like to suggest to support my posit is that increas in scarciti of fossil fuel and henc the hike in fuel price might also be respons for the possibl decreas in the number of car in the next twenti year . henc , in sum , i would like to reassert my posit after state the abov point that there might be fewer car in use in the next twenti year than they are today .