i strongli agre with the statement that , most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . advertis are design such that they aim our weak . sometim even if we know that buy that product is not go to help anyway , we will buy them hope it will come in handi some day . that 's the weak they are cahe . now-a-day there are channel just for buy stuff most of the compani spend million of dollar to advertis their product . just by look at the pictur we can understand how import it is for them . now-a-day we see famou peopl advertis for differ produt even for the product they are no way relat to . then whi are compani use them ? becaus they know they are worth pay million just for 1 advertis . there are peopl who use product just becaus there favorit actor or person is use it . i will give an exampl of how we can be fool by the advertis . one of my friend , recent reloc so she decid to buy all the necessari item for the home . she saw an advertis about a blender in the tv from a well known compani . next day she bought it and had to return it just after a week becaus suddenli it stop work . so she exchang it , but same thing happen again . she is so frustat . so i told her the brand i am use which may not be popular but work . adveris are made to mesmor audienc and buy product . now the trend of anti-ag product is go on . we will see an actress who claim that thi is the best product in the entir world but the veri next minut we will see anoth famou person claim the same for anoth brand . in realiti there is noth in the market anyon can get for 50 or 100 dollar that can drastic chang our age . everyon know that , then whi are peopl buy them ? they want to look good and young and compani are cash their weak . on the whole , i would like to say that 99 % of product are over emphasis . most of them even do not perform the basic function . but that doe n't mean we should not use anyth at all . buy product that satisfi our need rather than becaus an actor or a famou person is use it .