`` where there is a will , there is way '' . also , gener the willing is invers proport to the year one ha live for . in other word with some reserv i agre with the statement that the desir to enjoy wane as year pass by . young peopl are more full of zeal and enthusiam and possess the energi requir to be appli to ani entertain activ . these activ could be sport , danc parti , trek , mountain , raft , surf so on and so forth . as we reach senil perhap the will to be the part of a group of happen peopl fade off . anoth reason that may explain that age peopl have limit while they want to enjoy is the level of respons they bear . even if they plan to go out for a movi that may not requir physic exercis , variou trivial thing are alway after their life . child want to have an ice cream when the ` hero ' is just plan to elop with hi ladi . .. ooop . further , what if he want to play with a car that is at home . .. unimagin . these may seem to be veri minor thing but when it come to solv the problem enjoy and entertainemnt are left far behind . take anoth contrast exampl of children below 5 . no school blue , no home work , no restrict , nobodi to take care of . quit easili they get the permiss to play with their friend . as technolog and scienc have progress so have develop the way to get an exhilir bodi / mind work out . video game for exampl are access that children cherish . as older peopl may not be well acquaint with more modern machin they may find it difficlut to enjoy in thi way . while i rewrit that where there is a will there is a way i am not just repetit . i now want to present the reserv i mention in the introduct . howev , old age may bring physic weak , loss of agil , there are variou method in which they tri and live their live to fullest . golf , the game of old gentlemen is quit a challeng affair , which even i have n't ever been capabl to win . chess is the next trump card they come up with when no bodi movement is desir . moreov , i have seen peopl who have their secret group in which they organis person parti , go for trip and enjoy life in the way they want . after , all the exampl and explan i would like to conclud that fervor is the onli requisit ingredi . age does't matter a lot ( but certainli to some level it doe ) .