the term success lead to encourag the peopl to tri new thing for the better growth and fame to the individu and the organistaion too . i agre that success peopl should have a great deal of energi and courag to do find for the new idea and plan , which obvious lead to take certain risk . but these risk also count worthi when the goal is achiev . a success person alway tend to move forward to get even better prospect for him , thi help him to tri out new thing rather than stick to the one alreadi been engag . do the old job or alreadi know thing is that someth lead to a confin life , which is not alway follow by a person of succsess . the person should tri out risk to handl the situat even better , and also let the know thing is not a wise thing to do . we need to tri out new thing and rel tri for better one , that help to get work even simpler and better . there is a element of risk in everi job which we handl , but the risk should be overcom by the proper step and skill that we have , need to be wise and geniou in handl the risk , els it will eventuali leed to distract in the life . howev , the risk element is encount in tri new thing it can be easili digest when we acheiv the goal we aim at . success person alway tri for the new way of think and re-establish himself/herself in a better rennov posit . sucess person alway tri for the more success and thi make him to tri for new thing to develop . we know that failur leed to the success one day or other , but success ultim tri 's for a better success . for exampl , if a person acheiv 70 % in hi first attempt , he tri to improv it by chang the cours of studi , he work harder and better to reach more then 70 % in hi next attempt . in thi exampl , he tri some new way to held himself motiv to improv the grade by an improvis studi . final , i suggest that a success person becom more success in everi aspect if he tri new thing rather than confin to they alreadi know well . the person of a high calib can alway handl the amount of risk with eas , when risk is elimin it all in our hand to do better for the success of the new aspect or thing which we do . right thike at the right point of time , alway leed to a better success . so , it alway encour to tri out for new deal to help thing better in life . success peopl alway strive hard for the better success , for better success we need to switch on to new thing . if the new thing click he/sh becom more popular and reach the goal aim at .