travl cost a lot of money . have you ever thought about how much do you spend when you travl ? a lot of peopl love travl but they do not want to spend a lot of money on travl . when peopl travl to a differ place about which they do not have ani inform , they would get lost while they were look for the place they want to visit . therefor , have a tour guid with you in your travl can take to beauti place in short time . there fore i agre on that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid becaus by that , the tour guid entertain you and save your time which are the most import thing dure your travl . the first benefit of have a tour guid is that he entertain you . the tour guid have a big knowlagd about the place where he tour you . for exampl , supos you do not know about the good place in califronia and you went to it . if you did not have a tour guid , you would not good ani place except the one that near by your hotel . in addit , if ask peopl about the good place , they would not tell you becaus they might not remeb them . howev the tour guid job is to know the good place that will make the tourist entertain . final , the tour guid would tri hi hardest to entertain you , so that you might like him and tell oth popl about him . the second point is theat the tour guid would save a lot of your time . for exmampl , one of my friend went to riyadh , which is the capitel citi of soudi arabia , with out a tour guid . he thought that sinc he live in a countri that is near by saudi arabia , he should know where to go in riyadh . on the contrari , hey got lost in it and wast a lot of time look for the good place and hotel to stay in . hi plan ea to spend one week in riyadh but he spent tow week . when i ask him about hi trip , he said that he should have rent a tour guid . eventhough , he went with a group who also have good inform about riyadh , the got lost . oppon of have a tour guid in a group maintain that it cost money have a tour guid . howev , have a tour guid would cost less on what you would spen on transport by get lost . in conclus , you would save time and be entertaind if you have a tour fuid in a travl with a group .