nowaday young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun . who are those who spontan share their time to help ? what about those who do not help and what are their reason ? first of all , it is import to determin exact the zone we would like to focu on . we could consid the north american and french popul even we can not deni the cultur gap . in our western cultur , nowaday peopl grow up as consum and within time they tend to be will to satisfi their evergrow desir to consum . thi behavior reflect the individu that character the nowaday young peopl . not onli are young peopl individualist but they are also awar that time is money . the more time you spare , the more money you save ! those who spontan give enough time to help their commun are peopl who consid be fair is essenti . a friend of mine use to be volunt at the j. carter 's fundat . she work with a group of peopl come from all over the world and come from variou walk of life . they learnt how to built hous and they spent their whole summer build hous for the poor latin american famili who can not afford such comfort . i could also provid the exampl of a friend who spend everi saturday in a pension for elderli peopl as a volunt so as to offer them compani and sincer attent . i do admir her devot and the way she is involv in what she believ fair and good . i belong to those who do not give enough time to help . i sometim help associ especi in the winter when they need volunt to serv food to the peopl in need . but i am awar thi is not enough and i could do more . i do agre that lot of peopl of my age do not give time at all becaus they do not feel concern . our gener is deepli root in an individualist perspect . my parent ' gener ha known winter 54 ' for instanc with the great nation movement lqunch by the abb pierr in franc . mayb my gener suffer from a lack of such a charismat spokesman who could be abl to gather young peopl and to channel their conscienc and their energi to give more time to help the commun .