nowaday it may seem at first sight , watch the daili news about the terribl , careless and lazi youth , that young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun . in my opinion thi statement doe not show how realiti realli look like . of cours there are young peopl who do n't do anyth for their commun , but there are still a lot of young , intellig and involv peopl who show their best leadership and invest hard work into support and help their commun on a volunt base . the caus of the statement shown abov might be the alway exist and never end gener conflict that reflam in everi countri and in everi centuri . but young peopl do help their commun these day too . for exampl at my univers there are a lot of possibl for student to get involv in commun servic as a volunt . of cours not everi student get involv with commun work but most of my friend do . let me give some certain exampl : there is a law club that give legal adiv to peopl who can not afford a lawyer . the peopl who come there do not have enough money to pay a normal lawyer , so the student organis a club where they help peopl to find legal advic , but do not take ani money for it . ( thi happen in poland , in germani it is forbidden ) . anoth student club take care for the environ , anoth teach littl children to speak foreign languag , and anoth help unemploy peopl to organis a compani or firm and take the first legal and econom step to it by develop busi plan . a lot of student get involv in their ` intern ' commun as well , join amnesti intern for instanc and fight for human right through organis differ action like write letter to differ govern , govern who are violat human right . some of my friend get involv social . they go to school and do a social year in their own countri or in foreign countri for exampl . ina , a friend of mine , did that in a middl school for handicap children in cologn . she wa help out there as a volunt , and did not get ani benefit from it ( except her person experi of cours ) . anoth exampl is that young men help out as a ` zivi ' between their graduat from high school and studi at a univers or other jobtrain , to avoid go to the armi for one year . the most common is for them to help out in hospit or home for older peopl . and they do n't just do it to avoid the armi . some of them , as my friend for exampl , stay longer at the institut . there are far more exampl of how student and other young peopl get involv in help their commun . they do care , no matter what adult or older peopl might say and how bad the gener conflict might get . it prove that the young peopl nowaday are not as careless as one might think .