who is the smartest ? an averag student who goe to school 8 hour everi day , or a student who goe to school just 3 or 4 hour a day and then ha to go work to complet hi degre ? basic , school is made to teach us idea and concept to be abl to react to situat in our futur life . but what is the most import ? to know a lot of concept or to know how to appli them in a concret situat ? both of them have an equal import in life , it depend on the way peopl think and act ; furthemor , they complet each other . first of all , we can say that everybodi functiun in a differ way . inde , some peopl prefer to learn idea instead of peopl who prefer to learn and understand by use fact . a veri good exampl is the way we act with a use notic . some of us will rather read all the manuel and then start to look at the comput for exampl ; howev , some of us will throw the notic away and will directli look at the comput to rti understand how it work ; they will tri to make it functiun by themselv . they will mayb press a button they feel is use and then follow their intuit to make it work . if it doe n't work , those peopl will tri someth els until the comput is on . in a second part , we can say that school should be more open to taught student more fact than they do actual . inde , if some student have troubl with school , it 's mayb becaus the system is not well-adapt for them . perhap , they will fell more comfort if the teacher were use more fact and more concret exampl than whan they just teach their class with idea and concept which can sometim seem unreal . for exampl , when a busi instructor is talk about a specif startegi , it seem unbeliev that he doe n't give ani specif axampl to hi student to make them see how thi strategi can work in a real job environ . moreov , everybodi agre to say that to appli or a job , a person with experi will have more chanc to have thi job than a person with no experi . but experi is princip made of fact . to conclud , we can say that if a student want to have a good posit in hi profesion life , he should have refer on hi resum that show that he alreadi had an experi , but he also should have a good scholar transcript that show that he receiv a good format for the job he want to have .