i do agre to what is be said about the success peopl in the abov state question . becaus , it is a matter of fact and can be accept that the success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . for a success person , it would rather becom an interest to go in search of mani new thing by take risk . if at ani point of time , one is realli success in ani aspect of life , he or she would realli go in search of new thing even if it call for risk to get expertis in all the aspect of life , as life is not confin to a small pond . that would make them understand differ thing and differ situat in the world andf also teach them the necessari step to be taken . the world is veri big and there are mani thing to be learnt from the world , so one can not limit hi area of think and expertis in onli one field . one should get a diversifi idea and reason expertis in what exactli is happen around the world . on the contrari , when we becom success in one area of life , we tend to know more about the same thing we have been learn all year . they would have the profound knowledg about the same aspect of life , howev , if someth els is given to them , they just go blank as they do not know what ha to be done exactli in those situat . one tri to develop an illus to onli have hi think confin to a singl errand rather than go deep into the world . when it come to learn differ thing , besid what they are alreadi do , the new thing would for sure fascin one self to go deep into it . in the futur , if an individu face ani instanc in hi life in regard to someth outsid hi profess , he would find room to get some thing done for himself rather than just go blank in those situat which a normal person would . with the present day increas technolog , if one ha to grow in hi life , one profess would not fetch him bread and butter . onli multipl talent would actual make him earn a live . at the same time we can not expect all the peopl to be gift with the same talent , there would be some peopl without multipl talent . thi is where bill clinton 's phrase come into pictur . '' if someon is born poor , it is not hi fault . if he die poor , it is is fault . '' thi play a major role and would be quot a motiv statement that would drive an individu to take risk and tri out new thing rather than do what they alreadi know how to do well .