i agre to have a speical knowledg on a specif subject rather than have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject . accord to me , when a child is brought in a school and later to higher secondari school , he is taught all academ subject which will lead him to a better understand of thi world . after attend the school , a student ha a broad perspect of differ subject knowledg with him . now a student is capabl of use hi knowledg which lead to explor of new idea in hi mind and set a specif goal of hi life . the student think of a particular subject as hi interest . he develop a penchant for a particular subject . it is in the interest of a student that he work for a specif subject becaus he will be a adroit and astut student of that subject . a student therefor plan for hi master in that subject . he turn out to be a appropri person for that special subject . he later on join research on that subject and he achiev hi goal . accord to me , nobodi in thi world ha capabl to master everi subject in thi world . even scientist like galileo , einstein , newton , etc. had their own interest and special which led to differ discoveri in thi world . it impli that if everybodi in thi world have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject then world would be a bore place to stay . there would be no innov around and it would be tasteless . the versatil of thi world would end at it veri earli age . there a so mani live exampl who ha support the idea of have a special knowledg on a specif subject . from sport to polit , businessman to adventur , there so mani peopl who live their life for their dream and their goal . one of the best live exampl of my time is mr. amitabh bachchan . amitabh bachchan is an actor of bollywood industri . he ha did hi bachelor in art and join bollywood industri . recent , he ha been award with the bachelor of perform art . the ectasi which amitabh bachchan would be have after achiev thi degre would be immeasur . i support special on specif subject becaus it bring you immens happi when you fulfil your goal of that subject . consid sport on the other hand , footbal legend like ronaldo , pele , ronaldinho have specialis in their skill and therefor they are at the peak of their career . i would conclud by write that special on a specif subject need high interest in it and hard work to achiev the goal . a person would achiev more fruit if he is special in a specif subject than a person have a mere broad knowledg of mani academ subject .