the question whether or not be in a group led by a tour guid is the best way to travel is first of all one of age . if you are old and insecur , the day of adventur and explor are long behind you and you onli feel safe when you are with at least ten other peopl , it might just be the right choic for you . if you are go to a countri so foreign that commun with local is imposs , you do not know what you can eat or drink and the wildlif is a mysteri to you , travel with an experienc guid can definit be an advantag . but then again . .. if you travel thi way , you might just miss out on all the thing that make travel so excit , uniqu and worth your while . not be abl to commun with nativ in the countri your in is definit a huge disadvantag , but if you 're polit and patient and do not act like the king of the world , you might just find your best friend that way . peopl that will show you around , show you the interest spot far away from all the sightse , peopl that will cook food for you that you ca n't experi in ani of the western restaur pick by the travel compani . travel without a tour guid also enabl you to make your own schedul . you like a place - you stay . you do n't want to spend 5 more minut in thi town - take the next bu south . on the downsid the freedom of travel on your own time and schedul alway mean travel on your own expens . so it is possibl that a guid tour will turn out to be cheaper than the self organ trip . thi doe whatsoev entir depend on your trip . one of the great advantag of travel with an organ tour is secur . you know where you 're go , you know what you 're go to do , you do not have to make ani decis , you know how much you 're go to pay for your vacat . these are , despit my sarcast underton in the introduct , good reason for travel thi way . it 's a tough decis between travel comfort or take the risk of backpack around the world . unfortun most peopl have more to worri about than just that . if travel is an option , mean it be financi possibl for one , the decis between those two entir depend on one prefer and standard . i would person alway take the adventur of explor a countri on my own over the boredom of a guid group tour . i hope to keep thi attitud for as long as possibl . but who know how long that is go to be . ..