when we speak of academ generalizatiaon versu special i will disagre with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . what differenci a man from an anim . it hi abil to think and analys . it hi mind that differenci him . simailarli what differenci a student who ha done a gener mba from one who ha specialis in financi engin . the answer lie in the fact that specif problem requir specif solut . veri often in our work environ we are face with peculiar problem which we are unabl to solv . what do we do ? we call in the expert . an expert is one who specialis in solv a particular problem . he ha the knowledg and the experi in that particular field that give him the competit advantag that the layman would not possess . let me explain thi with a simpl illustr . a export hous that is expect certain cash flow in the futur is unsur of the currenc market and would like to cover hi futur cash flow . a friend of hi suggest that the best solut would be to book a forward contract and crystalis the amount of inflow . howev what he doesnt realis is that if the market were to move favor he would end up miss out on a lot of potenti gain . that whi it would make more sens to be guid by a financi engin ( the expert ) who would be abl to structur a deal for him wherebi he would minimis hi risk while at the same time have acesss to higher return . anoth classic exampl would be in the area of medic scienc . in a veri simpl case of tooth ach i would prefer to see the dentist rather than a gener physician becaus i know that the dentist will be abl to accur pinpoint the problem and confid give me a solut for the same . experts/specialist are often those peopl who will give you that edg over the competit . thi is not to say that i total disregard peopl who who have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject , it just that specialist are those who help differenci the the best from the rest of the pack . in conclus i would like to say that special add that indepth understand and analysi to learn the help profession to effect counter problem in their specif field of studi .