dure the twentieh centuri , car have been in the veri heart of the occident societi . sinc the earli 1920 's , the number of individu vehicl had increas sharpli . but today , mani question themselv about the futur of thi kind of transport . will there be fewer car in twenti year than there are today ? i believ there will , for three main reason : firstli becaus of a ressourc run out , secondli becaus of environment consider , and eventu for pratic , technic reason due to the amount of space left . i would start by point out a problem which is widespoken about in the media in these day , that is to say the lack of ga ressourc . a recent studi show that if the chines had as mani car as the averag american , these chines car will consum all the ga product on earth . that underlin a seriou problem : there is not enough ga on thi planet to allow everybodi to have one 's own car . and thi , i think , prevent car from be thi centuri 's person transport . even though it ha been tri to build car run on hydrogen , the test that were made have shown it would be much more expens , much more danger , and much less effici than ga . the lack of ressourc is the first reason for which i believ there will be far fewer car in twenti year . furthermor , car run on ga have had a terribl effect on our planet 's environ for the last centuri . peopl are slowli get awar of that , even if it sometim turn into real chestnut , especi in french citi where 4x4 owner are told to be the main helper of pollut , while there are plenti of other reason . yet , it is a fact that car pollut much , and that we are veri unlik to find a cleaner effici ressourc . final , there is one veri simpl but crucial problem about car , that is not as current underlin as the lack of ga is : the lack of space . let 's say that each singl person in beij , for instanc , own one 's person car . what would happen ? we all have in mind the imag of beij 's , or tokyo 's incred crowd street . how will how these peopl do to park their car , or even to get out milliom-car traffic jam with it ? shall we turn the whole world into a gigant park lot ? thi problem is alreadi happen in develop countri 's largest citi , such as tokyo and new-york citi . let 's face it , it would be a disast if everyon own one 's car in less develop countri 's immens citi , let 's say new delhi or johannesburg , where the infrastructur will certainli be poor , accord to these citi 's develop . in twenti year , th earth will be crowd enough without ani need for hundred-kilomet traffic jam . by way of conclus , i would say that car are definet not our futur , and that one should concentr on improv public transport .