the statement `` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are '' , is partli true . the thing they present in magazin and on televis are alway present veri well , not show a singl flaw of the product. a product that is often present better in advertis than it actual is , is food. a lot of compani , such as burger king , wendi 's , or subway , alway present they food product veri well . the burger that we might see on televis or in a magazin look delici , with it meet grill to perfect , and the grisp `` homegrown '' tomato , the freshli bake bread . but when actual have bought and tast the product , the custom might experi a supris and a dissappoint . the so delici , golden fri seen on televis , might actual be pale , potato stump , fri to almost perfect in veri veri veri old oil . the burger , so tasti look in the magazin , might in realiti embodi a piec of grey old meat , between 2 almost fresh tast piec of bread . make-up for exampl is alway present veri well in commerci on tv or in magazin . the skin of the model look super soft and pure , the lash so full and long , the lip perfect shape and full . but what most of the buyer do n't know , is the way a pictur and the model are prepar befor display in a magazxin or shown on televis . the lash are fake , the lip are reshap with the help of of photoshop , and the skin purifi with tone of thick make-up and powder . the result of super volum mascara in realiti is most often veri disappoint , and instead of have those sexi long lash , one find herself have short clumpi lash . nevertheless , those are just some exampl that appear to be high qualiti product , but the crucial fact is that the buyer ha the choic whether to believ the incredi presentatiopn of the product and thu buy it , or not to believ it and not buy it . the problem that aris is that one can never be sure of what he or she is buy , becaus one will alway be affect by the inevit law of money make , and the price a custom ha to pay for it . i believ that those are some major flaw that influenc our live greatli , but i also believ that we , the buyer , can not do anyth about it . we as custom simpli have to accept that we either have to pay an incredi amount of money or to pay for less qualiti cheap product .