the idea in question is that whether young peopl nowaday give enough time to help their commun or not . i person feel that the statement is valid and absolut true . the benevol and the kind of care that young peopl poss have dwindl down the year . firstli , young peopl are face with stiff competit from their peer nowaday than they previous face . thi requir them to work veri hard in order to earn a decent job and to even have a dignifi life . young peopl of late , be over burden , are obsess with their own live and the adag ` the surviv of the fittest ' is becom more and more appropri and henc they have veri littl time to devot to the societi . the commun matter are clearli second prefer subject for them . secondli , set asid the young peopl , the ethic and moral valu and feel of attach with societi have reduc over the year in all peopl both young and old . today , we boast of internet facilit and other advanc of technolog that help us to easili keep in touch with a larg number of peopl but we are hardli bother about the person who live the next door ! all segment of the societi , whether young or old , have becom more egotist and insouci to the need of their commun . and henc young peopl have natur follow thi trend of be indiffer . lastli , the commun nowaday are mani time larger than the commun that had exist previous . in older commun , everi member of the commun knew everi other member and they coexist like the member of the same famili . but in modern time , small commun are replac by gigant metro and cosmo where million of peopl dwell and henc the commun , which is typic a small congreg of peopl with share interest , is displac by huge group of peopl that can no longer be logic call commun ! peopl have divers interest and thu there is a drastic decreas in their interdepend and the need to co-oper . thu , young peopl who are a subset of the these peopl have becom natur inconsider about the need of their commun . to sum up , i feel that the statement ` young peopl nowaday do not pay ani heed to their commun ' is indubit true . young peopl in the modern time have becom narcissit and more selfish . they put themselv first and are more concern about person gain rather that progress of the commun as a whole .