the question whether young peopl enjoy life more than the older gener . it is an intrigu question . as one might feel that the energet young peopl , are more like to have enjoy experi compar to the senil old peopl . howev i complet disagre with the statement and feel that enjoy in life is not constrain by age . for one reason i beleiv that age ha no bear on the good moment in life is when i see an old person jog around merrili in the park compar to a young guy suffer from lung disord , admit in the hodpit , result from smoke . the younger gener could be sometim be too careless and headlong in their approach toward life as compar to the old and matur folk . the young peopl believ that they should go for everyth they feel will give them pleasur and live everi moment to the fullest . in do that they present an outer pictur of joy happi but it could not be so good afteral . ok let talk about sport , ever wonder about the young player on the field and the older retir player sit in the commentari box describ everi action of the game . doe n't the game give the same amount of pleasur to both on field , young player and off field old guy who are thrill and nostalg of their time . can we qantifi their enjoy ? , we cant . each of us enjoy in a differ way . the older peopl have much more experi and lesson from their life which they can share with their friend and children . i agre an old man cant race hi motorbik or overspe , the popular sourc of fun for the younger gener , but doesnt an old man enjoy play with hi grandson or teach him a game of chess , or ride a bicycl . cant he reflect upon the achiev of hi life and feel content . it a matter of how we take life and cherish it moment . final , it not about age , enjoy in life is sole about our approach toward life , for some peopl life begin at forti . i have seen so mani old age convivi gourmet who still enjoy tast the wine and educ the younger peopl about the variou wine . it just one simpl exampl which depict that age doesnt restrict enjoy . i ultim beleiv that enjoy in life transcend the boundari set by factor like age or health . senil could be a period of tremend fun and enjoy . young or old joy , is knock our door , we need to open the door .