the world is grow at a faster rate and the popul of human is also increas day by day . henc in order to provid better commun emphasi on technolog improv is also given . some peopl think that sinc the popul is increas there will be more number of car in near futur but in my opinion the number of car is go to decreas significantli in next two decad due to reason like traffic conjuct , pollut , limit of fuel and technolog improv . sinc the capac of a road system is fix and number of vehic are increas there will be problem like traffic conjuct and then peopl will be forc to use pubil transport system . when peopl will use public transport then they will know the befiet of it such as it cost less , save time etc and more and more peopl will be attract to it which will lead to a decreas in number of car . at the same time gover are also support the public transport eg : in my countri which is india pubil transport such as metro rail and fli buse are given a huge amount of money . car are the biggest sourc of pollut . now a day the peopl awar about ill effect of pollut is increas , peopl now are more consern about the global warm and other problem of pollut . henc there is a maximun chanc that in near futur the gover may impos certain rule to reduc pollut which will certainli decreas the car popul . as we all know that our fossiel fule are limit so in near futur definetli their will be shortag of fule which are primari requir for the car . so in next today year there may not be suffici fuel or the price will be so high which make the car veri costli than public transport henc peopl will be forc to use public transport which will certainli decreas the number of car . besid that the technolog is also contini improv so it may happen that we will have certain substitut for car and in that case the car popul will obvious decreas . so in nutshel in my opinion the problem due to car , limit of fuel and technolog improv will certainli affect the number of car and henc in next two decad there will be fewer car in use than today .