in my opinion it may be better to have a broad knowledg of mani acedem subject rather than have knowledg on a singl subject and it may not be true alway . . first , i believ thi becaus now a day the competit is more . it may be touf to compact with thi competit we must have our leg on differ area . for exampl take a compani it wll prefer the employe who done a busi cours and degre cours rather than the person with onli degre cours . thi is becaus they think that he wll be useful to the organis more than the later . second , everi subject we learn wll be useful to us in our life at a point . for an instanc take mathemat it wll be useful for us to calcul the sum , measur measur etc . so if a man have knowledg on onli one subject it wll be hard to surviv the life . and he shold depend on other for simpl reason . third , some subject may be disappear . thi is becaus lak of intreset in that particular subject . take a subject that is not intrest by mani of the student for exampl histori . mani peopl donot like the histori subject becaus they feel it bit bore . if they donot have a knowledg on histori then there may be the consequ like forget our old tradit , cultur complet . which may not be good . although we must have a broad knowledg on mani subject we should be perfect in a specif subject that is our intreset of studi . by get a minim knowledg of the all subject may answer all the question pose abov . but itself wll not be suffic . the advantag of have a knowledg on a specifi subject are as follow . by get more inform on the particular subject may help us to built our carrier more systamat . not onli that by have a more knowledg on one subject help us to motiv develop new idea . we may know the erro gener done by the peopl and we may solv them easili effect and more effici . so we have advantag in both of the statement ! . so i like to solv the problem by say that `` it would be good to have a knowledg on subject to all subject in young age say befor graduat and have a knowledg on specif subject from the graduat which will sound good for all the answer '' .