i think that we will see fewer car on the road in 20 year from now non . even though car broght us mani conveni so far , togeth came mani problem with car . they have been pollut the eviron ; are exhaust natur resourc ; and are not safer mean of transport than other . so govern and compani are develop other transportatin method . peopl will ahv to choos other mean of move than car . first , environ have been pollut by car so badli that we have to take drastic measur to block more pollut befor the situat get wors beyond our capabl . the expert say that the main sourc of air pollut is the consumpt of fossil fuel , most of which come from car . albeit car manufactur ' effort to cut down the level of emiss , there are limit in diminish the emiss . besid emit gase , we are appal at the nois from car in the metropolitan downtown like mahattan , new york . the onli solut to be pursu should be fewer car on the road . second , car are call ga guzzler becaus they consum so much gasolin . we are depend on import petroleum to run our car . the world is run out of petroleum in the not-so-far futur . we are at a critic time where we should curtail the use of car . there will be fewer car if the oil price skyrocket to the unbear level . recent the price went over more than 70 u.s. dollar a barrel . third , compar speak , car are not safer than other transport , e.g. , buse , subway or train . we are see so mani casualti , ampute and disadvantag from car accid . big mass transport as safer movement tool bewteen place will be prefer if we have more conveni mass transport system . fourth , govern and compani are make variou effort to altern transport . for exampl , some compani are develop monorail , magnet buyant train and high-spe electr train . monorail and the high-spe electr train are alreadi in oper between seoul and busan , seoul and gwangju in kroea . final , it will be inevit to give up on car and turn to inexpens , effici vehicl in the futur . everi one 's wise choic will save the earth from dirti pollut , free the countri from depend on import oil , save mani live from tragic accid and steer korean toward more livabl place .