one thing i have learn from both experi in realiti and in academ train is that truth should be state with qualif , so i would say that thi statement is not a hundr percent true . success peopl in my definit , at least do one thing better than other . and as the limit of human life and energi in contrast with the immens divers activ that might be of interest to you , i feel that success peopl are more specialist than generalist . i would appreci peopl with the courag and enthusia to tri new thing and take risk as thi would probabl lead to discoveri of new knowledg of world and of oneself . the first kind of fruit is most evid with variou kind of invent and innov . edison is an old but alway appopri exampl . the man is full of creativ and spent hi life exploit thi talent , leav us hundr of invent and shine up our live liter . the second part of the mean of tri new thing is more subtl . thi is actual in accord with the delphic word : `` know thyself '' . i person believ not mani of us know what materi we are at an earli stage of life . much of our time and energi is spent in a trial and error pprocess which may last to differ stage of our life depend on the differ of persever and energi and luck . we tri new thing to see a new us and the experi is our treasur that we carri on . some peopl are quit lucki to know what they want at a rel earli age but thi doe not mean they are unsuccess , on contrast , their chanc of success may be higher as they have more time to develop that aspect as we agre that it is not easi to realli do someth better than other . mozart and bethoven who i bet did not do major thing outsid music and they do it from childhood . they demonstr their expertis from veri young and thi is the onli passion of their life . thi is quit the same situat with other geniu . they know how to write well , paint well or compos well and they do it all the time . they may tri other thing as a divers , but i guess what we label them success rest on thi main talent . so differ peopl can succeed in differ way . i would not think it veri wise to identifi characterist and qualiti that a success person must possess . a spirit of discoveri and explor would be help . as we gener do not know what we will do well , it is natrual that we have higher chanc to discov it by tri new thing and take risk . a higher probabl is state on thi assumpt .