i disagre with the statement . let guess what can be the possibl reason or factor which can lead to fewer car in futur . one reason may be that fossil fuel would be exhaust . then there would be no way to run the car , which may lead to decreas in their number . but scientist have estim that there is enough fossil fuel for the next fifti year . so my guess is that car number may go down but certainli not in the next twenti year . one may argu the due to unforeseen reason the cost of fuel goe up . even if that is the case , i hold to my claim that the number of car run on the road will not decreas . becaus cost of everth is relat to the cost of petroleum fuel , directli or indirectli . on the whole the rel cost of the fuel will remain the same . there would be no reason to abandon your car . ye , there is a possibl that new transport vehicl come into the pictur in the come year . but it would be expens . all product in test phase are expens . the new product can not reach to mass product stage in just twenti year . how mani year do you think invent like aeroplan , televis , even the electr bulb took to come to a situat where they were mass produc . you have to build the entir architectur for that new product , which may take more time than the develop of the product . like to oper a electr bulb you need a fulli function electr network ! peopl are not go to dump their car for a new product . thi is especi true for the peopl in underdevelop and develop peopl , where they do n't throw away even non function thing ! and these peopl constitut a major when the whole world is consid . also there is a reliabl issu . the car after serv decad are quit reliabl . you have choic . there are motor car . there are flashi royal car like merced . you have entir car sport base on them . peopl are not go to abondon them in such a short time . though vehicl have replac the use of anim like hors for transport but there are still hors race . the number of hors ha not come down . one may claim that peopl might becom so seriou about the pollut so they may stop use car . they are not go to be seriou unless it threaten their live . and if the number of car doe not multipli beyond our imagin , there will not be a situat where car pollut would hurt us that much . the situat , i guess , will remain the pretti same . it is possibl that the world come to an end . or the whole world would be submerg in water . that a differ issu . assum that life goe on as it is now and no such abnorm activ happen , i see no reason whi the number of car be use will come down .