i firmli believ that , in the twenty-first centuri , special in a specif subject is much more import than have broad knowledg of mani academ subject . thi is for the reason that with develop technolog and the accumul knowledg of humankind through centuri , have broad knowledg on ani subject is not suffici to make research , experi or , consequ , ani develop . it is known that aristo work on variou branch of scienc from psycholog to biolog and physic . howev , when the circumst of the ancient greek civil is compar to those of 20th centuri it will be quit clear whi einstein did not follow the footstep of aristo and mere , special in physic . in aristo 's era , human had not develop at all and wa live it earli stage . in thi context , aristo had the opportun to bringforth the most basic concept which were valuabl then , but are a part of our daili life , now . consid the technolog condit and the level of the knowledg of human , einstein conceiv that in order to step up he should focu on a singl subject . becaus be a member of the 20-century-old human he should learn a subject by heart , not onli the main topic relat to it but also the veri detail . that is , learn physic is a step stone to learn modern or quantum physic . the gener behaviour of the disciplin of scienc is support thi idea . as the research continu and the develop are achiev new disciplin are born from an exist branch of scienc . physic wa just physic at all , but as it is understood that there is someth more to it , electron , mechan , metallurgi etc. began to be consid as differ branch . to sum up , i should say that i agre with the idea of know singl subject but be the expert of that field , is far more better than have broad knowledg of mani subject which is ident to be abl to talk of mani subject at first but is not abl to keep pace with the real expert of that particular subject . it should not be disregard that everi effect person in today 's world , whether a politician , an academ person , soldier or a sportsman is special in singl subject and that is whi the peopl around the world know them .