pleasur take the honour in analys the given statement , i would like to stand aganist the topic that the student should be relay more on fact than on concept and idea . a student get most of the concept from the class room lectur thu he creat a basic idea about a topic ( mostli outdat ) , but he gain knowledg about fact from the outer world through variou sourc like media , friend , articl . .. etc if we stress on the definit `` a fact can be defin as a statement given after a through observ and consicut proven reasult with exper '' it is alway be demonistarbl , but in contrast a `` concept '' is alway deriv from a `` fact '' which ha been defin earlier thu lead to a new idea ! concept and idea are brainchild of fact , and they do vari on a consist basi with the technolog advanc , as the consist of an old fact is pretti less with the advanc technolog there are all chanc that the concept and idea do chang . to name few the old scientif theori are no longer good in the morden era , the present day scienc formuat the concept base on fatc and observ reliv the import of fact . to name few . 1. gallelio `` theori of gravit '' . - gravit law and earth 's orbit 2. darwin `` theori of natur select '' . 3. `` theori of genet '' . 4 arthamet `` law of boyenc '' 5. newton law . a fact under prolong experment condit becom a concept and a law would if refer by futur gener , and there are even some concept which are discard as the fact were prove to be genun that the old concept to name few 1. old concept of church where they use to say a. earth form in seven day , b.earth is round . c. trait are inherit from gener to gener . few concept are often challeng if they do not have enough support of fact , to name few some of the modern scientist say that there is global warm but other do challeng them , as there is no physic evid show that the phenomen is reliv and do exisist so as a student it wa the age where he pump in knowledg to becom intallectu it is import for him to know the fact and learn them than alloc more time on the concept and reinforc them thu make himself almost uncompet with the present day world