i agre with thi statement `` success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well '' becaus when the peopl stop at one sucess than how the new invent must be happen or invent in thi world , when it happen than the world stop where it is now . in our histori it is mention we are monkey in the past time now we are work on the laptop and lot of facil we have becaus we want to do someth new . success peopl have capabl to take a risk becaus when the peopl is not success he alway fear of get again the face of unsucess . so thi impli that the peopl who are success alway take a risk rather than onli do what they alreadi did . when it happen than our world is now micro world and now we research for nano , whi we do thi ? to take some risk and invent new . to do anyth new it take time , it take risk but obvious when you labour hard and do the work you alway have some posit result one day . one the enterpreneur stop take risk while becom the success person , thenon he will not be success becaus hi busi becom dump becaus there is no differ . alway peopl want to do someth differ . peopl need someth differ , they were get bore from do same thing , to do someth differ they need to take risk . suitabl exampl for thi is relinc compani in india . the first enterpreneur of the relianc compani is dhirubhai ambani . when he is not risk than he is not on the top most compani . to make himself on the top of the success we alway need to take risk . dhirubhai ambani start hi busi from cloth market now hi compani start a real estat busi , mobil busi and lot of other busi allov . thi is the great exampl to satisfi the statement . when the success dont tri to do new thing and take a risk they dont go up on the stair of success they still on the same step and other who eagerli tri to do the new thing goe up and up on the stair of success and the person on the same step when see up he feel he is not on the stair of success he is so much down . so all these exampl given abov satisfi the statement `` success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well '' .