success peopl tri new thing i agre that suceesful peopl tri new thing and take risk . how do you think all the peopl you see in newspap , magazin , televis , becaus of their achiev get there ? there are three main reason whi : first becaus they tri new thing , second becaus they never give up , and third they have a posit attitud . the first one is `` they tri new thing '' . as the statement say peopl with success tri new thing . if you are a person that doe n't tri to take risk becaus mayb it wo n't work , you 're never gonna triumph . you will be a person that will end up work for someon , probabl in a compani that ha a lot of success , when you can be your own boss by tri new thing . instead of go out and find new possibl to improv your life . the second one is `` they never give up '' . of cours everybodi know that for you to get to a goal you need to be constant . you will fall , and not one time but sever time , but thank to those mistak you will learn and you 'll make sure not to do them again . but you need to stand up again and keep go , becaus if you do n't , you will never get to your final goal . it 's like when you start walk you fall a lot of time , but at the end you end up learn , and walk . final , is the `` they have a posit attitud '' . thi is a veri import one . through out you life you will have to talk with other peopl . to make bussi with them , to make friend , to ask someon to be your girlfriend or boyfriend , to get someth you want , etc . .. commun is a veri escenci thing in life , and each time you commun peopl notic your attitud . so if you 're a neg person that 's alway stress out or with an angri face , peaopl will not want to hear , make bussi , or be with you . but if instead you are posit , and you 're nice and treat peopl well , you will succeed in life . and even though you do n't believ everyth is base in the way you think . in conclus i would like to say that if we all tri new thing in life we will be succes person . do n't go around life be afraid of tri new thing , good thing . becaus you will be privat yourself of mani thing and that can help you be a better person . and as i said , everyth is base in the way you think , and in the way you comfront each of your problem that life bring you , and if you open your mind to new possibl you will have a lot of success in your life .