enjoy your life is veri crucial becaus you onli have one opertun . some say that they enjoy life more when they were young and did not have ani worri . other say that onli in age could they realiz what they realli want and could enjoy their life to a full extent . i do not agre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older one . to explain my view i will give an exapl of an unhappi young person , who wa not abl to enjoy her life and then i will give an exampl of an older one who did . a friend of mine who finish school togeth with me wa just as clueless as i wa when decid about what we want to studi . we both decid to take a year off . thi year wa suppos to give us the oppertun to discov more about ourselv and realiz what we want to do . i took thi serious and push myself to make a lot of new experi , which have now help me to decid about my futur . she want to enjoy her life . she parti and drank as much as she could becaus she thought that thi would be the right way of satisf herself . howev , she wa wrong . she now realiz that that wa not what she need . she had not been matur enough to see what she realli requir to make her happi and to enjoy herself . in thi case more matur would have been of great benefit . one the contrari to thi in the last coupl of week i had gotten to know mani old peopl who did know how to enjoy themselv . i start to work in a nurs home for older peopl . there more than anywher els i have aquaint peopl who are in realli bad situat but still know through their lifelong experi how they can enjoy themselv . one specif exampl would be a 87 year pld woman who had a stroke and consequ had to lie in bed the whole time . most young peopl in thi situat would be terribl unhappi . she live with her fate and ani time you enter her room she smile at you . it is easi to watch how small thing can make her enjoy herself imensli . the two exampl that i have made show that enjoy yourself ha noth to do with be younger . i do admit that not all old be know how to still enjoy their life . howev , they are ofthen in a far wors situat than ani young person is . in gener i think that the more experi you make the more you learn about yourself . thi bring on a process of matur , which show you what is import to you and how you can enjoy yourself .