we have all differ live and differ way on live it and differ expact , goal and dream . but how doe a person enjoy life better than anoth ? how could the enjoy of life be mesur ? do young peopl enjoy life better than older one ? it all depend on the way we look at life and on the definit we give to the word ` enjoy ' . but it is also a matter of cultur , for some cultur prais the older over the younger peopl of their societi and the other way around . if enjoy life mean do everyth possibl to feal aliv we can say younger peopl enjoy life better . younger peopl parti , stay up late , travel , do not make plan for the futur , studi and are in constant discoveri of the world . in one word the are live under the '' carp diem '' philosophi . live everi day to the fullest state these latin word and young peopl are the symbol of thi ancient wisdom . young peopl are count for disturb the law and the rule of societi and for imagin other possibl way of live . the disorgan , irrespons , spontani and crazi way young peopl pursut their live state they enjoy it better than older peopl if we take the word ` enjoy ' as do everyth to feel aliv . nonetheless , if we take a differ mean to the word ` enjoy ' and defin it as do everyth to stay aliv and to tresur life we can say it is the older peopl that enjoy life better and i would have to disagre with the statement . older peopl are wiser and they have live longer . they have live all the nonesens of youth and are like a walk librari . in fact , in some tribe in africa when an elderli person die he or she is morn longer than if a younger person die becaus he or she wa consid as a key part of the tribe as a part of the tribe 's wisdom and knowledg that ha sleep away forev . older peopl enjoy life better becaus they cherish life more and becaus they are wiser than young peopl , they know where they are from and where are they head to , they valu life and do everyth to treasur and preserv it . to enjoy life is as much a person thing as to be fond of chocol or not . young peopl as well as older peopl enjoy life in one way or anoth and in my opinion the ` enjoy ' of life can not be mesur and most importantli can not be compar . so i do not know if young peopl enjoy life better than older peopl the onli thing i know and i hope for is that everybodi enjoy life as much as they can while they still can .