i cannont agre with the given statement that there would be lesser number of car , twenti year down the line . infact accord to my insight the number of car in use would increas consider in the cours of the naxt two decad . the possibl arguement that i put forth would give the reason as to whi i think so . firstli , talk about the econom choic that we make nowaday indic that we spend a huge chunk of what we earn on the mordern gadget which obvious make our live more easier . and talk about a car . . well that ha becom one obviou necces . member who are from the same famili would prefer a person car than one be share among mani . even student who tarvel far prefer thaown car . and whi not , it increas convini . second factor is that it much easier to buy a car now than in the past . the varoiu loan avail from bank , facil of pay in instal with small interest rate save peopl from invest a lumpsum amount of money all at onc . peopl with smaller pay scale can afford to buy car . thi indic that there could be an increas in the number car than the predict declin . the facror that could lead to the declin dont seem like a big hurdl to me in the near futur . talk about the hike price of petroleum which make one think about the burden on expenditur by own a car . well that is hardli a concern to worri about becaus it can be dealt with prioritis the list of your expenditur . run a person car is more import to the present gener than perhap spend on say . . subscrib a costli book or buy a paint or even hang out at expens place with friend . the advantag that owe a vehicl offer outweigh the cost of petrol . the next possibl concern which come come into the pictur is that of environment pollut that the fuel could cause. a major concern to all the environmentalist of the world . well to see the broader pictur no govern law could prohibit peopl from buy a car !! it a person choic after all and how mani of us actual think about thi aspect , there are mani other issu that the environmentalist could deal with-lik defforest , emmis from factori contruct , nuclear war . . the list could go on . and moreov the discoveri of biofuel , solar power car , natur gase which are less hazard option are now a real possibl . thi could perhap lead to the manufactur of more car , cheaper rate that would onli lead to the number of car increas on the street . the increas in number of car could also lead to heavi traffic jam , congest , but do we actual mind get stuck in a traffic jam for mayb a minut more ? with the build of broader road , highway , flyover , multilan road would offer a solut . thu it could be conclud , that by measur all the issu concern with the increas in the number of car , there seem to be a more like possibilti of increas in their number .