older peopl alway say that young peopl are alway busi with make money and do their job , which prevent the young peopl to enjoy their life . i admit that older peopl , especi those peopl who retir , have much more time to enjoy their life . howev , sinc the young peopl are healthier than the older man , there is no limit to young peopl 's activ . furthermor , young peopl have much more entertain than the old one and young peopl can more easili commun with other and chat with other . therefor , i think young peopl can enjoy the life better . first , young peopl is healthier than the older one . it mean that young peopl can travel to ani place which interest them . for exampl , they can climb to the top of famou mountain , sail into the ocean and walk into the middl of rain forest . moreov , they can also play basketbal and footbal with each other while older peopl will get veri tire in the competitaion game . therefor , young peopl can enjoy life more than old one becuas they are healthier than the older one . second , young peopl have much more entertain than those of the older one . young peopl can go to bar and restaur after work . they chat with friend and enjoy the delici food such as chines food and mexigan food in the restaur while older one will prefer to stay at home and be alon . furthermor , the young peopl can have date with their girl/boy friend . they watch movi , listen to the perform in the concert and go to see the beauti landscap togeth . young peopl can even have fun by play the same mmo game such as world of warcraft . they form guild in the game and they meet in the game and play game togeth . thu , young peopl can enjoy their life more than older one becuas they have much more entertain . third , young peopl enjoy commun with each other in the internet . mani young peopl enjoy chat with their friend with msn or other softwar . they can tell joke to their friend when they are work in the offic . those joke can make their offic hour more interest . furthermor , even when two young peopl are far in distanc , they can easili talk with each other . they just need to have a comput and they can put on the microphon and use the network servic to talk . those exampl show that young peopl enjoy their life better than the old one by talk with other more easili . in conclus , though older peopl have much leisur time than the young one , they are so confin by their health and their life style which limit them to have more entertain and commun frequent with other . thu , young peopl are benefici from their healthi , their variou entertain and their commun with other . as a result , young peopl can enjoy life more than older one .