do you take over a lot of kind of knowledg with you ? the most peopl who had great work 's experent think that the student who are still studi in the school or univers should to take broad knowledg of mani acadm subject , becaus they think that it is better to children to get carrer when they grow up . howev , i do not agre with those peopl , and i think take one specif subject onli is better than anthor . i will list my spcial reason in the follow . first of all , i just think that take one specif subject and studi it veri well is much better than studi a lot of kind of subject . becaus a person who onli need take one of subject could live well in the world , and if thi guy can learn it veri well , then , thi guy will becom a famou person in thi subject . if a person who studi broad knowledg of mani acadm subject will not learn veri well i think , becaus one have no enough time to take those subject veri , onli can half-understand about thi subject . secondli , rght now , in the world most compani which alway need some guy who is profession in one 's subject area , becaus they have no time to get some person who is not good at thi subject , and to teach one how to work on it , they would like to get some guy who is good at thi subject , becaus thi guy are realli take well on thi skill , and do not need to spend time for studi it again . on thi way , the compani who take thi preson will have better inful of work . final , i think a prson who studli a lot of kind of subject is not good , becaus those guy will spend a lot of time on those subject and can not take it well . the reason is not those guy are stupid , just becaus it is too difficult . everybodi should know that the time is money for us , we have not idea to find it back , so we have to treasur the everi hour and everi minut , ever everi second . in the concult , i just think the peopl who are onli take one subject is better to studi on a lot of kind of subject , and thi way will make more earier on one 's road of life .