late a lot of peopl discuss the question if young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . and infact thi question is not veri simpl to answer , becaus there are a lot of view with differ standpoint from peopl in differ period of life . so you can divid peopl into a lot of group concern their attitud on these question . if you mention sport for exampl , i am sure that young peopl enjoy their life more than the older one , becaus if you are younger you are more agil and have much more energi to do sport like raft , base jump , windsurf an so on . mayb older peopl are a littl bit unhappi of not be abl to do all sport becaus of their health situat . anoth contrari aspect is work . younger peopl for exampl at the age of 18 have to make their final exam and mayb want to go to the univers for becom a doctor or a manag . then they will have to spend a lot of time be at home lear all day and night to get a job in the futur . they have to concentr all the time and are not allow to have fun until they have reach their goal . if you are older , for exampl at the age of 40 you are yet work in a compani and mayb you are lucki of not have to learn so much becaus your are do the same work the whole weak , the whole month or even the whole year . becaus of thi reason it is possibl that younger peopl can not enjoy their life until they finish school or univers and are abl to do their work . anoth reason whi older peopl could be the happier one enjoy their life more than younger one is that they have allreadi made their experi with school , parent and so on , that they could benefit from these experi . so from a special moment on you can start enjoy life becaus of know what to do with your time , know some import secret of life and know how to keep the balanc in life . when you know these import fact i assum that it is much easier to enjoy life . the most conveni way of make the best out of life would be to know all the import fact from the date of birth on , but i think , then life would not be as funni and enjoy as it is .