in today 's societi , advertis is the sourc of all busi and of cours the key to market . the goal of advertis is to give the watcher the envi to purchas a certain product in , of cours , a littl amount of time . the reason whi advertis is such an influenci sourc in the world today is pretti much self explanatori . they obvious make the product seem much better than it realli is , they do so by multipl techniqu . when the watcher see an advertis he immediatli feel the need to purchas the product becaus of the way it is describ , or becaus he believ it will make hi life better , or lastli for the simpl reason that he want to be like everyon esl that fell in the trap . advertis were made for peopl to believ that a product is simpli unbeliev and there is no question about it . they will tri and portray the product the best they can for it to look uniqu and give it a `` never seen befor '' look which give the watcher a feel of excit and envi that will lead him into purchas the product . secondli . advertis were meant to make peopl feel like they are miss someth in their live and that the product that they are advertis will fullfil their desir and make them live a better life . they will feel better about themslev if they purchas the product and feel like it ha improv their way of life , even if the chang is onli psycholog , advertis are effici enough for us to believ that it ha alter our way of life for the better . lastli , the product would n't be as interest if onli one person felt the need to buy it , therefor , advertis depend mostli on the popular their product will receiv and if the peopl are influenc by other to purchas the item then the advertis ha won the challeng . peopl often feel left out when everyon ha someth new that just recent came out and they do n't , which is often the reason and the drive that caus them to give in and buy one for themslev . in conclus , most advertis make product seem much better rhan they realli are by use multipl method that they know will affect our opinion and will get their product the popular and envi it need for it to be successful and prove their advertis to be quit effect .