do young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl ? thi is a difficult question to answer for anyon , sinc you lack experi about thi when you are young , and often forget how it wa befor when you are old . still , i will tri to give my point of view on the subject . young peopl have a lot of reason to enjoy life . they are young , healthi , activ and their life is still befor them . most of the time young peopl have object , and they are plan their life to fullfil them . for exempl , some are look for the best way to get to the top of their firm , other are plan to marri and have children , etc . in the same time , they have the abil to do excit and physic demand activ like sport , extrem or not . from my point of view , be young give a veri posit attitud , and the feel that noth is imposs and that with effort you can achiev whatev you plan . on the contrari , be old is , i think , much more depress . that is the time where ill begin to spread among peopl of your age . you do not work anymor , so you have plenti of spare time but you are not healthi enough to plainli enjoy it . you still have object , but you begin to think that perhap you will not have the time to achiev it . all of thi is doe not give a veri posit attitud toward life . as i have clearli explain , i think that most of the time young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl do . still , i would like to point out that everyth is not as simpl as it seem . for exempl , for sever year now unemploy ha been a great factor of depress for young peopl . in the meantim , peopl are live longer everi gener , and the progress of medicin keep peopl healthi until an advanc age . that give a lot of time to enjoy your free time when you are old , to travel to other countri or to improv in your hobbi , which is veri posit . as a conclus , i would say that i think that be youg give a more posit attitud to life , but that what matter most is your personn belief in the good side of life , and you will enjoy your life whatev your age is .