most peopl would say that young peopl enjoy life more that older peopl do base on the fact that young healthi peopl have all their live in front of us and are never eager to experi more and more thing . as far as i am concern , i do not agre with thi statement . inde , wherea young peopl have to face life difficulti , the elderli have not to deal with stress life anymor sinc they are retir . moreov , older peopl have the rest of their time to share love with their famili . first of all , when you are young , you are face a lot of paramount difficulti and choic such as the employ and nowaday , unemploy , the right person you will marri , how mani children you realli want , how you will manag to earn enough money to feed your famili and buy your hous and so on . is it still obviou that young peopl enjoy life more than older one ? inde , older peopl have overcom these kind of difficulti and are becom more peac in their mind than in their youth period . older peopl have nurter a long-tim experi , therebi impli they have learn from their mistak and are accomplis individu . for instanc , if someon were not complet satisfi with hi wife/h husband , he/sh ha probabl divorc and got marri to anoth person and current live with her/him . therefor , in comparison with hi previou marriag , the person will obvious say that he is enjoy life more than he did on previou time . moreov , their job experi and relat stress live is behind them . older peopl could be retir with their accumul money earn dure their employ period where they zerr young . although they could not afford what they want when they were young , they usual have enough time and money to buy what they realli want . secondli , young peopl are usual dedic to their work , thi lead to forget their wife/husband and children . the main goal is to earn money in order to live happili but the famili suffer from thi behavior . older peopl are settl in life and have usual earnt enough money to share it with their entir famili and spend more time on holiday with them . for all the above-st reason , i contend that older peopl enjoy life more than younger peopl do .