well , i disagre , becaus both option are import for a complet learn . imagin an educ that consist onli in idea . it would be incomplet , becaus the idea are alway chang , a phenomenon that increas in a world like thi , where the global commun are veri effici and we are expos to a lot of inform from a veri diffent person and way of life . so , we do not have to concentr in that type of educ , base it onli an idea and concept . but , in the other hand , an educ base it onli in fact is not good enought , becaus in the futur , and mayb in the near futur , the thing that we consid true may chang , and sometim that occur in a radic way . for exempl , some year ago , a scientist doe not have the knowledg of the genoma , so he believ that a diseas can not be cure . nowaday , the medic treatment are better , becaus of the studi of mother cell and the genoma . the key world in thi teme is chang , becaus all the human knowledg is in risk of chang . the person in the ancient world think that the world were plane , and the other planet and the sun move around us . in accord of that , the earth wa the center of the system , but that fact chang with the discov of new fact . it happen the same with the idea , they are alway chang and the human race can not stop that process , becaus it is natur and normal . we can not imagin a a world without chang , we live becaus the world chang . we , for exampl , also chang . when we have kid we were afraid about thing that in the present day we do not . we can laught about the fear o the past , and the way they rule of behavior . when we are in love , for exampl , we can imagin the world without that person , the person we love , we do not wanna to even imagin that . but , oh , what a tragedi ! , when a relationship end , and sometim that happen in the worst term , we can resist that person . a simililar process are involv in polit and other element of our societi , in constant move and chang . the human evolut is a histori of contradict and fals promis and we can not be sure about a lot of thing . for all that , our educ must involv fact , but also the craft for understand the chang of that fact , and those craft are the concept and the idea .