there is a great rang of opinon about whether peopl agre with thi statement that success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . some peopl might agre with thi statement and other peopl might disagre with thi statement . as far as i am concern , i disagre with thi statement becaus mani peopl can achiev their success by not take risk and improv what is well-known . i like to focu on these reason in more detail . the first and primari reason for my belief is that mani peopl can achiev their success by avoid risk . for exampl , if peopl can learn a lot of inform from other 's failur , they might be success without take risk . to give my famili 's exampl , when my grandfath start new busi in ani field , he alway reseach about the failur exampl conduct by other peopl becaus failtur exampl taught him whi these busi were not success . he wa so prudent that he could make hi success without take ani risk . thi exampl show that peopl can be success not by take risk but by avoid risk . that is whi i disagre with thi statement . anoth reason whi i disagre with thi statement is that peopl also can be success not by tri newth but by improv what is well-known . one exampl that come to mind quickli is the japanes internet shop site , so-cal rakten . thi internet site alway did not provid new technolog and method to custom . howev , thi compani wa alway think about how to attract their cuctom and make custom buy easili . then it improv their site constantli . final , thi compani domin internet shop site without introdu new technolog . i think thi exampl show peopl can be success without tri new thing . consid all these fact i mention abov , there is no doubt that i disagre with thi statement that success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . of cours , i can not deni that mani success peopl tri new thing and took risk . for exampl , soni , a famou global compani in japan , alway tri new thing and provi new electr applianc , such as portabl radio and video game . howev , i still disagre with thi statement becaus mani peopl can achiev their success by avoid risk and improv what is well-know .