young peopl nowaday inde do not give enough time help their commun . there are variou reason for thi . most young peopl nowaday are engross in make a success career and settl down dure their youth . most youngster do n't realli care what happen around them becaus they are too self-cent . also , the econom condit of their life too influenc whether young peopl work for their commun or not . today 's world demonstr the darwinian principl , `` the fittest surviv '' on a day-to-day basi , though not across speci , but within the human speci . in the extrem race to achiev high goal that they set for themselv , youngster hardli give ani thought to the commun around them . most of their time is dedic to the achiev of their goal and themselv , and not much is left for commun servic . the fact that it is rare to find anyon volunt for commun servic ( rather than be punish with it ) show how less youngster nowaday care for commun servic . anoth reason whi youngster nowaday do n't give much time for commun servic is the profound chang in mindset of youngster . they are more materialist than ever . few youngster know the pleasur , satisfact and elat of dedic oneself for the servic of other , nowaday . more addict to the materi pleasur of the world , they spare no thought of commun servic . thi chang in mindset ha not been sudden , perhap . over the year and gener , parent impress the import of commun servic less on their children , they themselv be materialist . thu , gradual , children might have no notion of commun servic whatsoev . the econom condit in which the stident are brought up also influenc the perspect they develop about commun servic . if a student is from a poor famili , in which most of hi time is consum in hi fight for surviv , it is less probabl that he might be interest in serv the commun . but thi argument can be confront with the fact that he might know the pain of be poor , and henc help the poor in the futur . nevertheless , econom condit do play a role in student percept of commun servic . thu in essenc , pressur from all aspect of life keep today 's youth from give enough time help their commun . further , other issu like the chang in mindset of peopl of all age group , selfish , and econom condit are a major caus .