`` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact '' wel . . there is a lot of differ in learn a fact and understnd idea and concept . . it like know what happen if u take a medicin when you are sick and actual take one when you are realli sick . . it just the same like you can take a hors to the pool but you can not make it drink water . . learn fact just ignit the enthusiasim in the student and it draw him or her more close to actual tri to master the fact by understand the idea and the concept that lie in it . for instanc if we can assum we are in a biolog class the student are intial expos to the fact about the concept that they are go to learn and thi alon doesnt help them .. if they have to use thi in their daili routin then the sole idea of know the fact doesnt alon help the person . . so he ha to learn it .. understand it , and master the concept . . the fact that a microorgan can be view under the microscop , the veri fact is veri excit but if the student fail to actual use the microscop and watch the microorgan then wat fun in just know the fact . . but at the same time apart from studi where one ha to practic understand the concept , most of the time it is benefici in our daili rouitn to learn the fact , for exampl by read a news paper you will be enlighten with mani new fact that most of the time we must have never come across but down the line that bit of inform might serv veri handi by just learn the fact . . for exampl for peopl who smoke they learn the fact that smoke can caus cancer if smoken extens so thi fact will limit most of the smoke popul to limit their daili intak of nicotin . but for student it is a must to understand idea and concept than bare be amus by know the fact . practic knowledg will alway be store in the longterm memori in comparison to just learn the fact . `` so , i final conclud that it is alway more import for student to understand the idea and the concept than it is just learn the fact , '' and so i agre to thi thought .