what is go to happen twenti year later , can not be predict accur by anyon . the use of car will declin or increas depend a lot on the success of the contemporay research success , who are curent work dilig on find an altern renew and cheap sourc of energi , which may help power the engin of the futur automobil . if we do not find a replac for gasolin as a fuel for drive the car engin , thi exhaust fuel sourc will some day deplet . in the situat of reduc suppli of the fuel for the car , the price of the oil will increas , make it less aford . the car compani may initi decreas the price of their automobil to lure the custom harrow by the increas oil price . thi price decreas may not last long , sinc the car compani will realis later that it is more sensibl to sell high price car to a few peopl and gain a higher profit by work less , rather than make more car to gain the same or may be even lower profit . henc the number of car on road may decreas . furthermor as the world economi grow more , the govern of the world would tri to improv the public transport system , and recomend to their citizen to favour it over the use of privat vehichl . the litreaci rate is also bound to increas with time . henc the liter and more sensibl citizen would readili take the advis of the govern and start favour public transport . thi would again decreas the number of car . if a new renew and cheap fuel sourc is invent , initi the automobil industri may suffer due to the technolog chang that it may have to adopt but , eventu thi may bring about a boom in the automobil industri . peopl would be interest in tri the new technolog , and henc tri to adopt it . cheap and non polut fuel may make peopl want to own their own privat vehicl . the govern will tri to subsidis thi new fuel to wean off it citizen from the use of gasolin . such move will make peopl want more car and henc the number of the car on road may increas . the grow popul of the world is produc more consum , henc the number of car in the given circumst are bound to increas . henc in conclus i would like to say that the question of weather of not the number of car in the futur is goin to declin can not be answer instantli . it depend on the develop in scienc in the near futur .