it is said that the societi ha turn so busi and compet , young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . thi observ is not fulli incorrect , but it is a rather shallow approach . one must see what young peopl actual plan to do and the way they do it to understand the phenomenon . sinc the competit in the societi ha increas sharpli , young peopl these day have much more to do when they are not work than the young one even as close as some decad ago , so they usual studi and prepar to get job . thi is whi it seem that young peopl do not give enough time to halp the societi . howev , that is not all they do . there are mani voluntari act that univers student organ or particip on their own . for exampl , korean univers and colleg student particip in educ servic organ by religi parti . moreov , these day they tend to organ the servic by themselv . the way of commit to the commun also ha chang . young peopl from an older gener might have been involv in more gener issu , such as polit , or nation social movement . young peopl nowaday , on the other hand , tend to specifi on their specialti and focu on what they can do best , or at least on what they like . as seen abov , student tend to teach the children who have hard time at school but can not afford ani other educ . thi trend goe into more specif area . student will involv with commun close to their major , and young worker will help those who are closer to person interest or hobbi . for exampl , student who major on agricultur will go on the field and help farmer . thi will enhanc their knowledg on their major as well as help the commun that involv them . young worker interest in sport form team or coach children for free will also be an exampl . as a whole , young peopl these day sure do not seem to give enough time to help the commun , but they sure do so in their own way . it is onli the outsid that ha chang due to the increas complex and competit of the societi , not the insid of the young peopl mind and soul . their way might have chang , but they still do like ani other gener might .