differ make a lot of opportun . i clearli agre with the statement with a confid . success peopl often tri their best as possibl with risk . if you are do absolut same thing with other , you lose the chanc to success . even in the histori , peopl got thier power and wealth by be `` stranger '' . first of all , success peopl have great abil to make great deal . for exampl , you have a speacial abil about make comput , which are the gratest ever , you will earn a lot of money for it and you are go to be consid as a success person . of cours , sinc make comput cost money , you need to take risk to get money . you have possibl to lose your money . second of all , there are mani worker who graduat from ordinali univers and got their job at compani . let you think about you are one of them . most of worker have same skill as you do , and mani peopl want to get their job at your compani . if so , you may be fire your job and not to be succces . the problem of it is you do not tri new thing . howev , for exampl , oil cpmpani get much money becaus they do differ kind of job from other . there are not mani job of oil but peopl get wealth by sell oil . then you see how import do differ is oneof the way to success . final , in the histori we learn , franklin d. roosevelt , a presidnt of the unit state , did not follow the tradit of polit . peopl at that time use to think that a presid should not do hi job four time becaus of silent rule , not becaus of the constitut . but fdr wa elect four time . now mani american love him becaus of hi success job . he is reall famou not onli for hi job but also the break tradit . american thought it is realli cool . sinc fdr wa differ from other presid , he will never been forget as a success presid . in conclus , success peopl take risk for their opportun . without it , it is hard to say that peopl can success . do what poepl do is easi for us , but not for success . so i strongli believ that success peopl do differ thing and tri their best to success .