peopl react to everyday life in differ way . there are some human be who prefer to follow the ` known way ' in each of the activ they perform . there are some other who alway prefer to experi new thing and new , probabl riski , way of react to problem or stimula from the outsid . i firmli believ that these are the peopl who often demonstr to be the most succes in their live . take risk and exploit new solut are univers recognis as the characterist of succes leader . busi world is full of exampl of peopl who took risk and had great success . ceo of the most succes compani in most of the case are succes themselv becaus they decid not to follow their sheer experi , but to take risk . mr job from appl co , for exampl , put most of the resourc of r & d depart of hi compani to exploit a new area of busi , the mp3 one , when it compani wa face a seriou crisi . hi decis were the right one . histori ha prove how the percept he had about the potenti of that new product were right . howev , the busi field is not the onli one where peopl prove to be succes by tri new thing . when talk about italian polit in the earli eighteenth centuri it alway appear that the most commonli cite name is the one of marco rossi . thi famou politician wa consid a fool when he propos , first in the countri , to pass an act to consid to give also to women the right to vote . he took the polit risk of hi propos , which wa total new for that period . after that he had worldwid approv and success , just beacus he took the risk of a new action . anyway not onli famou peopl can be taken as exampl . in everyday life there is plenti of normal peopl that are consid succes by the one who know them becaus they decid to experi . for exampl in a small villag the first person who move away to anoth area or even countri is often consid as a hero for hi villag fellow . as befor , he took the risk and tri new thing ( i . d : move ) . thi make the idea of experienc new rout and thing stronger into my mind . be succes is hard but it is prove that take reason risk and follow unexperienc territori help . thi happen not just in famou human be ' live , but also to normal peopl .