i think it is pretti hard to say thi in gener . mayb it is true for some peopl but fals for other . but for the first part in life it may be true almost for everyon : let us start with the childhood age , usual the youngest one can rememb . apart from sever peopl , that go through rather harsh time dure childhood ( divorc of their parent , deseas and so on ) usual peopl enjoy life to the fullest in that period . you have a lot of spare time , school is not so import to you and you do n't care about the futur too much . so normal , you life a live that is free of sorrow and worri . after that , dure teenag , it get more complic : mani peopl get a littl bit depress , it is not call the difficultest age for noth . in that phase of life , peopl usual do n't enjoy it that much . but there are alway other , who go to parti a lot , and fall in love for the fist time and all that , so these one will enjoy that time a lot , mayb even more than childhood . i am not sure which one of these is the bigger part , but i think , in gener , most peopl would say , that thi age wa not as good as childhood . then , after graduat form high school , one either start to work or begin to studiy at colleg . both way of life have in common , that your free time get more and more limit . either you have to work from nine to five , or you have to learn and pass compic examin . mani peopl in that age are get concern about futur . they may have fear of lose their job , or fail in some test at colleg . besid that , in that age , you have to organ your person life at the same time . there i think of found a famili and rais own chidren . so more and more your time get less and your worri increas . but mayb there is light in sight at the end of the tunnel : there is a whole lot of peopl who start to enjoy life the most , when they are retir . they then have plenti of time again , and they do n't worri too much about the futur anymor . so basic i would for most peopl it is enjoy at the start and at the end of there live . mayb like walk through a valley . but of cours there might be veri much except to the way of life i mention abov . for exampl some peopl are either lone or veri sick at the end of their live . in that case , there is no doubt , wheather they enjoy life more when they were younger .