in now a day the young peopl are not give enough time to help their commun . ye i agre with thi . becaus the main point is they have no intrest help other . some young peopl are are give enough time for help their commun . becaus they are intreest in that . but in thi day the young peopl intrest to go for a cinema wherea to help for the oyher . they are spend more time and more money on the joyful entertin . but wherea in my opinion thi is not true becaus , me and my friend are have enough time to halp for my commun . we spend time for that when we are free . so that in now a day the young peopl are prefer to enjoy with their friend , famili and with other than to help for the commun . the young peopl should hel for the commun . becaus it is veri benifici for communitt and societi . the main idea is f we help for the commun , by see us our yonger friend or ani one , they may tri to help for the commun . so that thi will be increas by see one onther . at last it suppor the commun . the help for the commun is main idea of me.becaus in now aday no one is preffer to help other . becaus everi one is have their own problem and everi one is have a littel bit selfish . so that they cant help for the commun . the young peopl in now a day are preferr to enjoy than to help for the commun . if the young peopl will hwlp to yhe commun the commun will becom good . the help natur of the peopl should grow frm the childhood onli . becaus if that grow from childwood they can help after that also . if it no grow it is immposs to help in the young age . the young in thi day are veri joy full person . so that they cant help for the other peopl . young peopl in nowaday do not enough to help for the commun . becaus the work pressur on them is veri high , and some young student have no time to help the commun becaus of their studi pressur on them . these are the main reason whi the young peopl are help or not help for the commun . some peopl young peopl may help by word not by money . i think the word are veri helpful for develop of the commun . so the young peopl should help for their commun hen they have time . if everi younger do th the commun will becom good . and it is useful for futur commun develop . i my opinion everi young peopl is not help their commun , if they dcide to help their commun the commun becom good . and by see them the otheryoung may tri to help other . so the younger should help for their commun .