i believ that young peopl have the possibl to enjoy life much more than older one . young usual have few phisyc constraint and see death and diseas much further than they actual are . old peopl addit have the disadvantag of live in a world that ha chang much sinc their time . one reason i think that peopl have higher opportun of enjoy their live when they are younger is that they are healthi and strong . they can live freeli without worri for the futur : they can tri excit sport like bunje jump or rock climb . instead old men and women have to spend much of their time ( and money ) in visit at the doctor 's . mani diseas relat to elderli requir the use of drug and medicin they would not be abl to live without . while young have no time to spend think about risk , the old men and women are often not even independ : they need somebodi 's assist . secondli the old peopl are live in an environ they are not even abl to recogn ! the world chang so fast that grandfath and grandmoth are unabl to understand the social behaviour of their grandchildren . i 've often tri to explain my grandmoth the reason i do n't want to get marri , but she just ca n't understand it ! anoth aspect of thi can be observ when compar the number of old peopl who are abl to use a comput with the number of electron game sold to even some veri young children . morev i truli believ that the most stimul part of one 's life is the univers time . it is the period of my lifetim where i 'm increas mostli the size of my knowledg and experi . everyday i meet new person and i have the possibl to find mani veri interest . for exampl some professor are so wise that just the possibl to talk with them five minut is a great chanc . not mani place are as preciou as univers . thu i am sure that peopl can enjoy life more and better when they are young than when they are old . i do n't think have a longer life is a good bargain : there is no point in leav 100 year if the second half of it ha to be pass on a bed or a chair dream about the past time or ask somebodi to turn on the televis .