in my own person opinion it is the younger peopl as oppos to older who tend to enjoy the experi and occur of life more frequent . thi most possibl happen becaus it is the experi and occur which are by far more enjoy than those of an older person . to my belief thi is valid in most case no matter what cultur or circumst the person is in . by grow up i have realiz that there are three essenti thing that chang as time goe by . the first and most obviou of these is respons , the second is the availabilti of time and the third is the situat that we are put in . as a person grow up it is forc into much more respons action . for exampl a babi or a veri young child would have no respons if not onli a few , while as the child emerg into hi teen he will inevit begin to feel the pressur of the respons which need to be taken in school and at home . thi becom even worst when that teenag finish school and realiz that he is face with veri import life decis such as what career to understak , and where to studi . after some time a famili would obvious creat more respons , especi as one becom a parent . also spare time begin to decreas as the year go by . thi is directli correl to the the respons which one begin to have less as the year pass . at the veri end of high school it becom evid that it is no longer possibl to sit for hour watch to tv due to the amount of work given dure those last few year of school . or perhap no longer possibl to spend most of your spare time play with your friend , which at one point in your life appear to be a must daili schedul . the situat which we face also take a drastic chang . dure high school i myself rememb wish each day that it should end as soon as possibl . nonetheless as i finish i realiz how entertain high school actual wa . in most case peopl as they get into colleg have to undertak a job , which most probabl they dont enjoy at all , like myself . it is hard to describ the frustrat that aris in you when you realiz you are sit a pointless job for littl money while the children outsid are play all day long . perhap it is import to grow up . one becom wiser and much more experianc , thi possibl allow peopl to view life in a differ way , and appreci certain moment more , unlik children who are unabl to toler ani sacrific or difficult task they have to undertak . in my case , i wish i had never grown up . but that is just me .