ye , i agre with the statement that `` success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well '' . peopl becom success becaus of take risk in their work . accord to the proverb `` success will not come to us , we must to it '' indic best to ward hardwork . risk is the thing which lead the path to your success . without risk a success man is like a bodi without soul . the success peopl tri to take risk in everi day of life . they know the valu of success and they also know that it will not come without risk . the success peopl alway tri to becom more success than the other success person . for thi reason hi take risk in hi everi part of hi life . the true valu of success can be onli be known by the person who take risk . for exampl consid the exampl of the poilet . the poilet want to becam success in hi aeroplan drive . he take risk in everi aspect of hi life . he take risk from the start the aeroplan till the land . but becom success one day or the other . that 's whi success includ hard work and risk . there are mani exampl in which risk includ , the best and popular exampl is the child ride the bicycl . the child know the fear of fall down from the cycl and get the enjouri but still ride . he want to the success in hi ride . even though he may fell down and get injur but never stop the hi goal to becom success . the success come from the inspir of own mind and soul . for everi success risk are the four most step . if one can step the first and four most step of risk then he is success person in hi life . if the success peopl think that hi the success person and do same as alreadi he did then he will be in onli same posit and get decreas day by day . risk are the smaller thing for the success peopl . they take risk as take water . they just see the goal not the problem they are face and what might the risk they can get . they just take the risk and tri to becom more success from the previou . risk are not the thing which you can not do it just imagin of the problem in mind . so i final agre with the statement that `` success peopl tri new thing and take risk '' .