i agre with the statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject '' . the reason that make me feel so are as follow : firstli , have a broader knowledg in mani subject help us a lot in our everyday activ . after all , the subject we learn are useless unless we know how and where to appli them . we come accross mani aspect in our day to day life where in the need for applic of knowledg we gain aris . peopl who have special knowledg in one subject will not be abl to appli it frequent as the issu would n't alway involv the same problem regard the same subject . we can share our knowledg with mani other if we have an idea of all the subject . one can involv himself in a discuss among a group of peopl if he know few import point about the topic or the subject . peopl with special knowledg are alway less in number consid the fact that there are mani subject and differ peopl may special in differ subject . discuss often lead to import revel that one would be unawar of befor that . thi is not possibl usual when the person ha special knowledg as it would be veri difficult for such a person to find a similar person with the same special to involv himself in a discuss with . anoth import advanteg for peopl with broader knowledg of mani subject is that they would be abl to think in mani way , in differ direct . these peopl have greater domain knowledg than those with special knowledg whose think abil would be restrict . peopl come to conclus and solv the differ problem they face base on what they see , hear and learn . their thought would be provok higher if the domain on which it is base is larg . henc , peopl with special knowledg have their think confin to fewer area than those with broader knowledg , though not complet and special . the point made abov are the reason on which my decis to agre with the given statement lie upon . practic applic of knowledg and way of think are two import area which are to be concentr on . when these two issu are consid , along with mani other , broader knowledg is recomend as it provid the person with opportun for further develop .