nowaday young peopl are confront to increas pressur from work and studi , and they are rush into a rapid life everyday . although it is true , i still persist that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . it is a gener consid that almost all product of new technolog are accept , master and be use by young peopl first , so do the one to provi convienc and enjoy . young student , for exampl , have use to commun with cell-phon while their grand parent still use old and big normal telephon . although airplan ha been common in china for ten of year , some older peopl still refus to travel by airplan , for they think it is danger and a waster of money . old peopl refus to or do n't know how to use mani new product and can hardli receiv benifit from modern societi than young peopl . besid , it is obvious that young peopl are the natur leader of the new fashion , and it is also a common sens that entain , which is highli develop in modern citi , are alway first accept by young peopl . for instanc , while i went to bar with my friend in my free time , my mother mere stay in home with do nearli noth even she had enough free time . onli when she wa invit to a bar by her younger friend , she found it realli a good place to get releas . anoth fact is that a recent social studi indic that less than 70 percent of peopl who live in big citi of china receiv benifit from new technolog , and few of them are old peopl whose age is abov 55 . moreov , enjoy life doe not onli shown on use the new product and enjoy entain , but also the activ in societi . the social concept of older peopl are not open enough even though the freedom and democr of the societi is progress rapidli , especi in china . sever research have evdient point out that the peopl who is older than 48 are hard to accept the new concept of the societi , and by thi they can hardli enjoy the real freedom and democr , which play a import role in young peopl 's daili life . from social activit i can releas myself and win admir from other , which is essenti to keep me feel well . unfortunatli , my grand parent can not enjoy all of these . abov , i think it is natur that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do , for their differ in characti and the attitud to the new thing . while it is a fact that young peopl are face to heavier pressur , i think it is worth to face , for we realli enjoy a lot .