car have differ mean for differ individu . for some it a neccess , an object insper . for other it a statu symbol , an object that express their power , success and wealth . what ever might be the percept , a car is sure one of the most fascin object creat by man . when henri ford invent the car , he did not fathom how import it will becom in our daili life . the demand is high and the number of car be ad on the road is increas at a dramat rate . in the develop countri as compar to the develop countri thi rate is much higher . some countri take it posit as it an evid of their econom prosper . more car on the road impli more earn power for a common man . howev , late the opinion ha been chang as peopl are start to realis the advers effect that are be caus due to car . one of them be traffic jam which are veri common in larg citi like new york , london or new delhi . a lot of time get wast due to thi reason , as driver get stuck in them . peopl have sure realis thi problem and are prefer car pool , buse or even bicycl as mean of commut . thi mean that in futur there is a big possibl of reduct of the number of car on road as the other medium would mean reach the destin faster . one other factor is nois and air pollut be caus by car . thi is a veri big problem for peopl who live close to a main road where the densiti of car is veri high . on the other hand it is also a nuisanc for the car driver or the passeng as the pollut caus harm to their health . imagin , monday morn when everyon goe to work , the traffic jam and pollut start the day . thi will sure lead to a declin in the number of car . anoth strong reason could be the rise fuel consumpt which is increas the fuel price . thi is make peopl to look out for altern medium to travel . thi will sure lead to a decrement in the number of car as peopl would prefer buy a buss pass which would prove to be lighter on their pocket as compar to purchas fuel for their car . even if an altern cheap fuel is invent , increas in traffic jam and pollut will definit lower the number of car . final , the number of accid be caus by car are inreas day by day . due to thi reason peopl are prefer train and buse which are comparit safer . all the major reason mention abov will sure bring a drop in the number of car , and twenti year down the line we can expect fewer car in use than there are today .