i partial agre with statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . they are more after creat a comfort nich for themselv even if it may demand seclus from the commun they came from . but the scenario is slowli chang . the first thing which may be use to analys is the focu of the young peopl today . where are they look themselv after 10 year of their studi ? will their work help the commun they come from ? today 's gener is more interest in high profil job which will help them earn more . these are area like softwar program , telecommun , research lab etc . veri few peopl are today interest in take up posit in the non goverment associ which work for the commun on a no profit basi . also , it ha been notic few peopl actual want to becom professor at univers and thi ha even led to the shortag of faculti at certain educ institut . thu there is a slow drift from the job which actual work for the commun . some peopl may argu that an indian research at microsoft research is contribut to the commun besid a comfort life also . but the bigger question is if the new technolog built by him be avail to the indian below poverti line and that too at a easibl cost . clearli no . thu , if young need to contribut to their commun through their work , the work must be focuss and not just a pretenc for such an argument . most of the young after complet their graduat educ take up the lucr job offer abroad . these includ high profil bank job , research lab posit , or even the job that are similar to that in their own countri but are `` abroad '' . these peopl , the non resid citizen ( nrc ) then give grant to the govern and feel satisfi that they have done their bit toward the commun . but actual a larg fraction of thi money goe directli into the pocket of a few corrupt politician . the money could have been well util if the nrc could have come down to hi own countri , spent some time there and look after the util of hi grant . but that is the foremeost question . the gener today doe not have `` time '' . the mindset of the young clearli need to be chang . on the other hand , mani institut around the world today have realiz thi need of student have to contribut to the societi that actual built them . for exampl , the indian institut of technolog have start a scheme where it is the part of curriculum of the student to actual spend some time do some servic to the societi . thi includ go in the school and take class , work for better live condit by take up saniti project in the nearbi underdevelop coloni . though the student were intial skeptic toward scheme call the nation servic scheme , but now they have realiz the import of thi work and are come forward to take up variou project . such scheme if implement , can bring about the chang in the attitud of the young . focuss more on career , the young gener today is lose it focu from contribut to the societi they have actual come from . they tend to delv into the comfort of their own live that help the commun around them . thi ha to chang if societi need to progress . howev , mani attempt in variou part of the world have initi thi process of chang the mindset of the young and have been success . the young have now start to realiz their respons and to share with the commun what it ha given to them .