when learn a specif subject in school , student are requir not onli to know the inform regard the subject but also to understand the concept impli . these two aspect are veri differnt and requir differnt abil from student . though it is import to know the fact for a subject , it is more import for a student to understand the idea and concept in order to have a thourough understand of the topic . first of all , simpli memor fact doe not impli know the topic . if a student doe so , she is just regurgit what she ha read or heard which doe n't mean she know what she ha learn . on the other hand if a studen understand the concept and idea relat to the topic , then he understand the implic as well as the use of the topic . for exampl in histori , though it is often preciev as a subject which mere requir memor , a student need to understand the concept in order to full appreci the subject . mere memor date and occur doe not offer real insight as to whi certain event occur and what effect these event could have on our present societi . furthermor , understand concept as oppos to just learn fact allow a student to deal with ani type of question . a student that ha onli learn fact will be expect question that ask him to answer with the fact he ha learn . if a question deal with a deviat of these fact , then the student would not be abl to adequatli ansew the question . a student on the other hand , who understand the concept impli would be abl to use her procc of induct and deduct to come to logic answer . i , personali , have come across such dilema in a physic test . the question i found on the test , dealt with a concept that we had not read or discuss previous in class . fortunatli , i had a good understand of the concept and idea involv wich allow me to deriv the appropri formula that wa requir for the test . final , understand concept and idea , allow a student to retain the subject and topic for a longer time . a student who memor fact is more like to forget these onc the test or examin is finish , so that the knowledg is thu not aquir . for a student who doe understand the concept , though she may forget the fact in the futur , but she will still be abl to think the process logicali and come to a conclus that would be adequ .