some peopl assert that learn broad knowledg of mani academ subfect is more import than lear one specif subject . other think that special in one subject is better . i think that it is better to know broad knowledg than studi onli one subject . i agre with the import of special one topic , but we have alreadi know veri detail by use internet , so i think that know mani thing is more import for live in the furur than studi one subject and show some benefit about it . first , peopl can spread their vision through learn mani subject . if peopl studi onli one subject , their way fo think or vision must be narrow . today , so mani problem in the world , and they are inter-rel complexli . for exampl , when he/sh think about global warm , he/sh have to look at econom , social , biolog issu , so peopl must know and think about it by mani vision . moreov , thi exampl show not onli environment problem , but also busi or polit issu , becaus some case are as complex as environmen problem . therefor , build a lot of vision is veri import . anoth benefit of have broad knowledg of mani academ subject is that which skill is veri import for take leadership . today , leader have to know mani thing more than gener peopl . for be respect and dependad on leader , peopl have to know wide knowledg , and solv difficult problem . if leader do not know veri detail or specif data , i think that it is no problem , becaus they could ask each specialist . then , the most import skill of work as a leader is choos or find best way to solv the problem . for exampl , when thier partner want to ask him whi my work do not becom well , if leader who know onli one thing deepi , they can answer about just hi subject , but if leader who know mani subject , they could advis partner by use mani knowledg . in conclus , there are two main benefit of have wide knowledg , which are abl to spread mani vision and abl to be a reliabl leader in the futur . therefor , if you work in the compani or gover as a leader , you have to learn not onli one issu , but a lot of subject .