the french govern is look forward to implement a measur that ha trigger an import controversi . inde , they want to enabl children to drop out gener format when they are fourteen so that they could special in one specif field by attend class on thi subject and make internship . it rest on the idea that it is better to special in one specif subject than to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject . i agre with thi idea , even if i would like to nuanc it by say that a basic knowledg of sever academ subject is necessari befor special in one particular subject . first and foremost , peopl may not need a broad knowledg of mani academ subject in their daili live or in their job . for instanc , a baker may not feel concern by the studi of dna . peopl may also be more interest in a specif subject and want to learn more about it . for exampl a scientif may be keen on mathemat ; then he will wish to concentr on the studi of thi field and drop out a deep studi of physic or biolog , even if he will need a basic knowledg in these field sinc these three scienc interact . therefor one can adquir a basic knowledg of sever academ subject and then choos to special in one specif subject , in order to becom an expert in thi particular subject . nevertheless , the step dure which one adquir a gener knowledg about fundament subject is also veri import . a law which would allow children to leav school when they are fourteen ay be critic from thi point of view , insofar as it is the period of teenag ' life dure which they should adquir thi gener knowledg that prove necessari to understand the world which surround them . for instanc , they need to have at least basic knowledg of histori and economi if one want them to understand what is at stake in topic issu . thi understand is of critic import inasmuch as they will becom citizen . as a conclus , i would rather say that each and everi one of us should decid to special in one specif subject which particularli interest him , but after have adquir a suffici compet in sever academ subject .