i person do not think that the travel in a tour with a guid is preferr for sever reason . instead , i suggest the travel alon as a best way . thi essay compar and contrast the advantag and disadvantag of travel alon and in a group led by a tour guid . first of all , a tour led by a guid requir a set schedul : tourist can not go around as they like ; instead , they exclus have to follow the guid all the day . by contrast , travel alon permit a person much freedom : she or he can decid the schedul of that day accord to her or hi will . second , although the exist of a guid might seem to be help , it sometim doe not function so . for exampl , at the tourist site , the guid give an explan to it , and tourist just listen to the guid . thi form of information-acqur is just passiv . instead , i prefer learn thing by myself activ , and i think thi is the major advantag of travel alon becaus the knowledg or memori acquir by posit attitud should be better than memori got by passiv attitud . third , the guid tour might not allow peopl to take a closer look at tourist site or monument . sinc there is a certain number of peopl in the group , it is hard to estim that an individu can have a closer look at tourist featur until he or she get satisfi . thi is precis due to the set schedul as indic . peopl have to go around the one place to anoth in a rush in order to make it on time . again , on the contrari , sicn travel alon allow much freedom , a travel can take a closer look on the site or tourist featur . have said that though , travel in a group led by a guid doe have some advantag such as : some interact and socialis relationship amongst other member of the group ; safeti becaus they travel with other peopl . howev , as far as the first advantag of travel in a group is concern , it is still achiev even if it is a travel by alon . be open , friendli and social enabl the travel to have the interact with other peopl along the journey : even if s/he doe not have ani friend or fellow at the begin , s/he can acquir them through the trip , and thi is the exactli excit point of travel alon . as far as the secur issu is concern , the advantag seem to rest upon travel alon . yet , consid other aspect , as argu , travel alon should be still entitl to be a desir way of the journey overal .