tour should be done with a tour guid . primarili a tour guid is necessari to cover all the place plan ; to keep the time alway in tact as it is a most vital factor in all the tour ; communci skill ; gener knowledg about the place of our visit etc . first and foremostli the coverag of all place can onli be achiev if guid appropri . tour are not plan frequent and if given an option the option should be util to the fullest extent . basic idea of ani tour itenari will have the place of visit . coverag of all the plan place is veri necessari for it to becom a veri sucess one . without appropri guid the coverag can not be achiev or in better word it is difficult to achiev . tour guid will know the oper hour of ani place . consid you like to visit a park , a boat hous - everyth ha oper hour and know all the oper hour is veri difficult . though the inform can be gather prior to the tour , all the inform thu gather may not be veri true . there might be fals inform if the inform wa obtain from the internet media or a old paper clip . a tour guid will obvious know about the oper hour , best time to visit and cost of the visit . second import factor is the place of stay . choos an accomod is the most import aspect of ani tour . accomod should be cost effect , near to the place in the itenari and the environ should be veri good . choos an accomod all by ourselv without a guid may seem plausibl but there is no gurante that the place select would have all the qualiti as enumer abov . the next factor would be communci skill . consid you are tour on a place where they speak a foreign languag which you have n't come across . languag play a major role while go to new place as without that it would be an unseem task of cover all the place in the itenari and reach the destin in time . speak about the time - time is a veri import factor . even if the tour wa plan with buffer time it might not be possibl to reach a place due to variou practic reason . tour guid will solv all those problem . climat and other condit factor to your favorit destin is import . we may have decid on place base on variou sourc . may be from our friend , our rel and from the great internet and other media . all the inform may not be correct about the climat . say you are go for a fall drive . you will know the place is better in fall . without ani guidanc the exact practic scenario can not be predict . it ha realli happen to me . i wa onc on a trip to `` vermont '' for the fall scenic drive . though i knew the colour of tree would be awesom pretti less i knew about the time at which the leav will shed . henc alway in ani tour a tour guid is mandatori . assist alway make thing easier . it will not be a bad idea to grab an option if it is avail . i would like to state a person experi wherein we plan for a big trip to a hill station without a tour guid . there were fifti pepl in number and we plan to visit number of place . becaus of the lack of a tour guid we manag to visit onli fewer place and that too we could n't spend much time in all place . as there were even girl in the trip we chose a better accomod on the first day and second day we settl with a mean place . first day stay wa veri expens as it wa too luxuri to stay and second day stay wa so mean that peopl could even bare sleep . next most worri and disgust thing wa we could n't get food as we thought . peopl like variou kind of food and it wa a hard time to satisfi all the peopl . thu for ani tour a tour guid is mandatori . tour guid as describ about will have a vast knowledg of the place we visit and he/sh would make the best out of our plan . to realli see the valu our money tour should be enjoy with a tour guid .