`` success peopl are peopl who tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well '' is a say that i agre with for mani reason . in thi essay i will name the three main reason whi i argu in favor of that statement . truth , i want to put forward the opinion that peopl can onli develop themselv and be happi in their live if they have to take some risk . one exampl come to my mind : after my colleg , i could have decid to studi at a gener univers becaus it wa easi for me to pass the entranc exam . rather than do thi , i decid to sit for the busi school entranc exam , which were realli more difficult . it wa riski becaus it assum that i would have to bear two year of hard-work , to bear a strong pressur an also to bear the risk of fail the exam . final , i work hard and today i 'm still proud of me becaus i have succeed the busi school exam : i have learn from my failur andi have get over the difficulti . i mean , it is too bore not to tri new thing and not to go through some crisi ! moreov , in a more gener point of view , i think it is worthwhil to stay current and open-mind . i would argu that point by tell that alway do what you alreadi now could be riski and have some neg effect not onli in your profession but also in your social life . if you are too wise , that mean that you have not the desir to stay current and modern . in my opinion , it is veri import to be interest in other and new way of think and live . for instanc , i would love to live and work in china for a while : it would be `` riski ' becaus i would notic that there are differ way to work in a firm as in franc , i will have to learn new way of collabor and negoci . it could be difficult at the begin but i will learn so much from thi experi !! the third point is a financi point ! i wa educ in a close-knit famili were my parent alway push us to climb the social ladder . the more you climb , the more you earn money . the more more you climb , the more excit you are ! as a conclus , i would tell that tri new thing and take risk is the best way of approach the life for person , social and financi reason .