thi time we are live at competit world . which mean everyon ha challeng each other . absoluli there is the winner or loser in the competit . but when that person heard some ` good job ' or someth like good advertis , that person get more power and more progress than that person 's own abil . firstli , do not say bad thing about that situat , when someon gor bad situat . becaus their alreadi know they did bad job , but if some person keep tell you did bad job , you mess up everyth , the person who made a bad situat , get more sadli and not power enough to tri again . for exampl , old peopl say failur is mother of success . which mean if you made mistak , you will know that situat and how to get out of that situat , like answer . then next time when you gaet that same bad situat , you donot have to spend time foe think about get out of that bad situat . so they can success next time . so if make more advertis to who fail someth , that failer go to be make more good jor next time over their own abil . secondli , advertis , that is one of the way to look good for the product . for exampl , some product are veri not use and not help enough . but if that product ha advertis , that product seem much betterthat they realli are . becaus it is like feedback for peopl . make a rumor , thi product are realli good , than peopl go to throuw away the bad think about that product from their mind . and they will think like , thi product are much better than they know befor . thirdli , advertis make product more trustli . for exampl , thi time of the centuri , peopl believ peopl 's talk . nevertheless some peopl doesnot . but almost peopl believ and trust each other their own word and rumor . so if peopl make rumor about the product so trustli , then the product go to seem much tustli than they realli are . so i think most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . in conclus , rumor , or in peopl 's convers , it make more trust or seem good to peopl for the product . and i toalli agre about most advertis make product seem much better and truster than they realli are . they can seem their over abil .