i do agre with the previou statement . on televis we can alway see how great current or new product are or work . the produc want to make us buy onli their product and they present it as the best one ever . mostli they also add that their product are especi cheap and that it is necessari to buy it , becaus without them the custom were helpless . a veri good exampl is soap for wash the dish . in the advertis the custom is told that the dish will be extrem clean and shini after clean with that soap . and usual they compar it to the wors ` current ' and ` usual ' soap . if the custom is convinc by that advertis he will buy the product , use it and usual see that it doe not work as good as the advertis had told him . he could have also bought the cheaper one from the other store . anoth and similar exampl is soap for wash cloth . in the advertis the custom is told that thi product will wash the cloth cleaner and ` whiter ' than ani other product he can find . the custom will go through the same process i have mention abov . also a good exampl is past for colour the hair . in the advertis is shown how good the product will cover the origin hair colour . the custom is convinc and buy the product , but when he use it he ha to notic that the new colour can not cover the origin one the way he would like to . one exampl is also organ tour or holiday . the organis offer veri cheap tour to nice countri with stay in a nice hotel and flight includ . thu they want to make custom use there organis and those are often paid by hotel to bring cutom there . but often it happen that the hotel is much wors than it had been describ or the arround do not look as nice as on the pictur . and the pool describ as ` next to the hotel and veri nice pool ' look dirti and is far too small for all the hotel guest . addit to that the food might be bad or the hotel ha onli two instead of four star . produc use that way of advertis to get close to the custom and to offer them what those want , but usual the product look much nicer , onli to make them attract to the peopl .