in class , student learn not onli the fact but also the `` idea '' or `` concept '' that can be pull out from the fact . i strongli agre the statement that it is more improt for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . first , diffrent from learn onli fact , if we understand idea and concept throughli , we can appli the knowledg to our life . for exampl , if we onli know the fact that franklin d. roosevelt built new deal in histori , it 's just the fact as it is . but if we understand how and whi franklin d. roosevelt built new deal polici and how it effect to american reneiss , we can appli to our life as we chang ourselv as roosevelt chang hi countri step by step in histori . we can be impress and motiv by understand detail about fdr 's new deal and accept him as american hero . like the exampel , learn the fact is not enough to challeng ourselv . we have to throughli understand what idea or concept the text book provid . secondli , understand idea and concept will creat a new fact that can be the great resourc for the futur . we have to learn from histori , and prepar for futur . if one have idea and concept from histori , it can be reform to more innov idea and concept . for exampl , lot of design read mani articl and magazin and see pictur from design book and tri to immit it . if they stop tri in the moment they just saw other design 's idea , the design will stay as it is now . but from the past design , design rethink about it and creat a novel complet idea from it . thi is how the design wa develop and will be develop in the futur . as i indic in a exampl of design , understand the a idea or concept is the first step to remodel and develop thi world . we have to accept the idea or concept from resours the world ha now , and recreat it with more imagin and sophist . becaus of thi two reason , i beliv understaind idea and concept is much more import than just know fact from text . to develop oursevl and the world , we have to pay attent more to `` idea '' and `` concept '' rather than fact .