the topic of usag of car in the come year is quit controversi . on one hand the reduc fuel and correspondingli increas price are a threaten forecast about the reduc usag of car in the come year . while on the other hand the ever increas craze for new and power car in perpetu . but after a comprehens analysi i come to a conclus that the in the next twenti year their will be a certain incrimin in usag of car . the relish that one enjoy while drive is not easi to interpret in word . i mean increas interest in car had led to some popular person like michael shumach and kimi raikkonen . they are be idealis not becaus they world champion and have too much money to count but becaus of the drive craze among youngster . the improv car are more power then one would have imagin some decad ago . well , thi is what teenag look for isnt it , they have fun drive swiftli and i dont think their interest in go to abat . not just the youngster but everi age group enjoy a ride . it certainli the most comfort way of commut . everyon enjoy freedom of a ride which obvious will not be realiz in a bu or a tram . and of cours the safeti reason is what we expect while drive , as the new technolog keep an affirmit of safeti of passeng ( air bag ) . well , pretti blatantli more safer then bike if one is go to consid that option . but the reduc fuel resourc and consider increas in price can not be overlook . the reduc oil resourc which wont last for more than a coupl of centuri are certainli a predica . but here is the the modern scientist `` even they can not imagin a world without car '' have discov new technolog as a sourc of fuel for car . firstli the electr car wa invent but sinc the power output could not queer the societi , the scientist did not finish their quest . they further devis hydrogen run car . and today the hybrid car with even better perform then the typic that are be use foe decad ( oil run car ) . so , all the discuss held abov infer to the veri pleas fact that car are perpetu not just for next twenti year but mani yeasr to come . and even if we come through some obstruct , our resourc scientist will provid it with perput .