young peopl are just begin to live , while the elderli popul have mani experi , both good and bad who have shape the person they have becom . some might say that young peopl enjoy life more becaus they can do whatev they pleas , they have the world at their feet . everi person will eventu , becom old and all they wil have left is the memori of their earli day . young peopl might be abl to do thing like run , swim , jump faster and with more energi than the elder but there will be one time when all thi energi will run out and they will becom old . noth is forev and we can not get too much of a good thing . life is short and we have to learn to to live it to it fullest alway live everi moment as if it were the last . both young and old peopl can enjoy life up to the highest level if they set their mind to it . i have recent begun to read a book call , `` tuesday with morri '' by mitch albom and it ha realli chang my opinion of life . morri is mitch 's old colleg professor and he is die of a rare diseas . you would probabl expect to see morri in a bed , feel sorri for himself and let hi soul fall into the shadow befor it is time . mani peopl that are sick with a diseas that ha no cure give up easili and they wish they were young and full of life again . we all get a chanc to be young . it is up to us to take advantag of it . get back to the book , morri wa a realli except person becaus he refus to fall into the ordinari pattern of die befor it is time . instead he tri to live what wa left of thi life at it fullest which , in my opinion is a realli remark thing to do becaus not everyon ha such amaz strength of charact . how can someon know that young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl ? it is not possibl to know thi . nowaday , the young gener care more about thing that might seem import , such as get a job that pay realli well . we forget that the thing that we might sometim take for grant may be the most import thing to us . everyon can enjoy life at everi age as long as they just live it , one day at a time . older peopl might sometim enjoy life more than young peopl becaus they might rememb to elimin the unimport , materialist aspect fo life and embrac the most import thing in everi human be life : love .