as a young person myself , to judg wheather old peopl enjoy their life more or less than the young peopl could result in a hasti gener , sinc i have limit knowledg on older peopl 's view , but from the restrospect of my person expereinc , i think older peopl as an adult enjoy life more than the younger peopl , the teenag . in our societi , it is the common notion that teenag are less seriou , respos , and even ` intelleg ' when compar to an adult who are conciev as more experienc , wise and intelleg . consequ , the teenag often face mani social challeng that limit teenag freedom to explor certain part of the societi , such as vote or enter a bar/club . it is undoubt that these law that forbid teenag or underag peopl from explor certain thing are necessari to some degre in mainta order in societi , but when the degre of limtiat becom overwhelm and too great , it also limit teenag attempt to pursu their enertatin and enjoy . unfortunatley , ther are mani societi and cultur that encourag extrem stringent rule against the teenag , such as some asian countri like korea and china , thu limit teenag ' option of enterntain . in asian societi , like korea , student until high school must follow extrem stict guidelin that is proveid by the school , such as keep the hair to certain length and style , wear uniform that resemebl that of everyon els , and preoccupi constant academ pressur provid to all student from the school . unfortunatley , in korean societi , almost all teenag are go through thi stringent lifeguidlin and overwhlem pressur and expect , which leav no room for a brief hiatu or psycholog respit for the teenag . therefor greatli limt them from not onli explor the natur to develop appreci for the natur , but also from pursu their interest , passion , and entertain . although thi exampl onli emcompass the teenag live in korean societi , there are so mani other societi , though in differ degre , have some preconceiv misconcept that discrimin or limit teenag from pursu certain thing and explor certain part of the societi . therefor , discourag oppertun for young to fulli enjoy life as the adult who have more freedom , do .