ye most and mani advertis make product much better than they realli are . i believ make advertis it is what a compani do to make money , to have success . there is mani sport shoe compani out in the market right now , but do you realli think a pair nike shoe coast $ 110 . but if you look into it , whi a pair shoe coast so much , becaus is a advertis so nike make their shoe look better than everyon els 's . at the end of each day , what the compani realli want , they want to have success , they want to be on the top , that want to make money and they would do what ever they can to get to the top . ye , i agre that most advertis make product seen much better than they realli are . a pair nike shoe do n't realli coast $ 110 , they coast someth like $ 5 to $ 10 . on top of all the tax , import , export . it come out somewher around $ 80 . and then , the bussi want to make money so , they add anoth $ 30 on there , it come out $ 110 . what kind of advertis nike use there . they make the shoe veri expens , it make the shoe look longlast , better , or can make you go faster or jump further . the price convienc you is a pair good shoe . if a pair shoe come in $ 10 , you would first think , wow it is cheap , but then you would question how long the shoe will last , and whi they made it so cheap . you see what advertis did there , becaus is so expens that it convienc you that is a pair of good shoe . there is lot competit out there between compani and compani . they all want one thing , and that is make money . their product could be the same , but the differ is judg what kind or type of advertis did the compani made . a good advertis can put you ahead of the game and a bad one might just screw you over . so that is whi when you watach on tv , there is famou peopl adverti for the compani , hope you would want to but them . they are all do one thing , to beat their competit . you do n't start a compani and hope the compani will fail . you want to have success . you want to be on the top . and i believ that is whi compani focu on advertis so much , becaus onc you get to certain level , everyon 's product are the same , they onli differ will be who done the extra work . advertis is an extra work , and thi extra work and bring your compani to the top . i agre with advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . but compani have to do advertis , that is the onli way they can beat their competit and have success .