today , the advertis sector is the biggest support of capit . it main purpos is to make the consum attract the product and buy it . throughout decad , adverstis are serv their creatibl in the best way to attract consum . howev , they sometim deviat from thi purpos and attract the consum in an uneth way , which make the consum go and buy the product , but then see that he \ she is fool in a mean way . the great competit for product and get more money is urg the advertis to be even more deceiv in their advertis . the produc want to obtain product in the cheapest way , so that they can earn more money and today the qualiti is not import anymor , the more signific one is the quantiti . most advertis use psycholog manipul as a way of fool consum . when the consum just hear the thing they want to hear , the advertis simpli start to sympathis itself with the consum and the consum just want to go and buy the product . when the consum face the sithuat , it is too late , becaus consum right have not been fulli develop yet in mani countri , and the person may not even contact the compani . there is anoth way inwhich the consum get fool . it is the forc of appeal to the author . as a matter of fact , when a person show on the advertis of the most ridicul product , the sale explod , which is just onli a matter of time . for exampl there ha been go on a trend in hollywood , the star drink water from a brand which serv the normal water that everyon drink , in a bottl surround by diamond . so a person would feel the most stupid after pay lot of money on that water and when it is finish . to result , advertis happen to be the biggest market of lie , sinc the need to highlight some product had risen at the corpor world . an honest person ha no place in the advertis market , except for be as janitor or the secur guard . so vexati , but that 's just what seem to be go in thi world . the constant urg for earn money and the greed of human ha left no trust of consum to the product , which is veri iron becaus advertis can still manipul and persuad one in the must deepest and the subconsci way just to go out on the market and buy the product .