in gener i agre with the statement made , that there will be fewer car in use , in twenti year than there are today . .. it is hard to imagin , that the amount of car will be reduc , especi in the moment that a car is not onli a way to travel but also a symbol of wealth and statu . but there are to mani reason which are against the fact , that thi progress will continu much longer . for exampl the price for petrol : it 's the first time sinc a year , that the price for one litr petrol in germani is under 1 , 50euro . if the price for oil rise further ( due to the conflict in the middl east ) , the price for petrol will rise automat . so , apart from the money you have to pay for tax and the insur for your car anyway , you also have to take in account the amount of money you spend on petrol everi month . i 'm do my driver licenc in the moment and i must honestli say that i 'm not realli kean about it . of cours it 's nice to have and veri comfort , but i live in berlin and the public transport is excellent-so whi take the car if i 'd be in town much quicker with the train or a bu ? ! further , the price for flight and train have decreas enorm dure the last few year . whi should you take a car to get to anoth citi , if you could probabl even fli nearli as cheap if not cheaper ? ! with the car , you would probabl take much longer due to traffic yam or bad street , while you could book a cheap flight and get to your destin much more relax and comfort . or the train nowaday . .. i took a train the other day go from berlin to frankfurt and back in one day , for an interview . all in all , it took me eight hour , which is still a long time but i wa drive in on of those new ice . i could have never made thi trip in one day in a car . while i wa drive over 250km/h i could read my book , prepar my interview and just sleep without wor about anyth other than get out at the right stop . and by the time i got back to berlin i did n't even feel like i 've just been on a littl germany-trip-i wa relax and happi . all those reason mention abov are onli a small number of reason whi the number of car will decreas dure the next twenti year . our world is chang . it 's becom faster and faster and the car wo n't be abl to keep up with the pace . in futur it will be to slow and far to expens for everyon to have one and use it in hi daily-lif .