in twenti year there will be fewer car in use that are today ! thi is kind of complic question , which deal with an complex answer base on differ level . first of all , i will give a short introduct into the present situat of car and their number in the world , becaus in my opinion it is necessari for the whole part of that complex . after that i will give you pro and contra argument for each thesi . and in conclus , i will summar the fact , i point out . through the present paper my focu will be germani , becaus a wider concentr would be too long and too complex for that essay . sinc the develop of car in the end of the 19th centuri and begin 20th centuri by famou peopl like henri ford , car have becom an import fact and enorm increas . in germani car are the most use and most import transport system , and it ha actual an great effect on economi , too - e.g. think about the import of car export in germani . first of all , an argument pro more car in use in futur base on statist phenomena . sinc the 1950 in germani and other western civil there 's an great increas of car by nearli 5 % or more each year . it indic an increas in the futur . in opposit , some peopl say , the world or everi certain region is econom limit , that mean there 's no space for an unlimit increas . second , peopl say the techniqu , comput and high-level knowledg becom more import and will be more special , too . that ha a great effect to the car product , what , henc , ha an effect to the number of car , too . in opposit , if the ecomoni will grow and if the high-techniqu will grow , there will be an anoth develop , which replac car . third , the more popul is in germani or in the wolrd , the more car will be use . but of cours we know there 's a stagnat of german 's popul , nowadway . thi are the major point and there are of cours , a lot of more social , polit and environment aspect , too . in conclus , i guess there will be a balanc of the car in use and there will not be a larg increas than today .