specif the topic refer to a veri press problem in today time . as a young individu i regret agre to the topic that the individu of today do not give enough time to help their commun . one of the reason attribut to thi is that the young gener doe not have enough time to deal with the problem of the societi . we are so much engross in our daili activ that far from give attent to our societi , we are not devot time to our children and our age parent . the societi ha becom excess money mind , marri coupl are work 10-12 hour in their job that leav practic no time for other matter . i do agre that do your job is a must but probabl we have to find a way to give time to our famili , societi . help the commin doe not onli mean that we donat money to it . it probabl demand much greater attent on our part . we are learn men and women , probabl the best brain ever produc , thu it is our respons to attack the problem togeth and work out a ration solut which reflect our intellect . but the problem is again our self - center natur . today peopl are just concern obout themselv , their busi , how much profit they made and way to enhanc their econom condit . the societi ha lost it signific as most of us today prefer to live in seclud appart , aloof from other . most of the inhabit in a build sometim dont even know the person live next door . becaus of too much of interest in profit make nowaday , corrupt ha crept into our societi . the busi organ sometim resort to uneth practic which may also endang the health of the public which use their product . a recent exampl ha been the case of softdrink . in order to earn more profit , the compani didnt took ani measur even when it wa reveal that it contain larg amount of pesticid , a great danger to human health . we have forgotten the ideal which the leader of our countri mahatama gandhi , etc gave us . today we are more inclin to fight with other , even get them kill if they do not resort to our demand . typic exampl can be seen in the young gener in india which do not even respect their parent , leav them after all the hard work parent put to nurtur them . the gener gap is widen in our societi becaus of which we tend to oppos uur parent and in mani case even prefer to live alon rather than live with them and serv them . thu in short it can be said that even though our societi is advanc by leap and bound the moral valu are degrad and we forget our commun which gave us the resourc and mean to flourish .