travel in a group with a tour guid , a way of take a trip with a group of peopl with one guid attach , is an effect way of travel for the peopl who do n't know well about the region . howev , sinc thi way of travel restrict the person freedom and chanc to meet the local peopl , it is certain that travel in indiviu is a better way of travel . when travel in a group , you have to respect other peopl , and travel the region accord to the guid 's plan . becaus of that , even if you realli like one place and want to stay more in the place , you get no luxuri to choos whether to move to the other place or to stay in one place . a good exampl of thi is when you visit louvr museum in pari as a group . sinc louvr museum is a gorgeou museum that need more than a day to see everyth , becaus of the tour guid 's schedul , you have to move to the other place when the time is up , and some tour guid set the time for the louvr museum for onli few hour , make travel imposs to see mani thing from the museum . on the other hand , travel in individu grant travel the most freedom . the one travel alon can choos to stay in one region as long as their time allow , and also can skip a place accord to hi will . for instanc , when an individu travel find the louvr museum veri interest , he can choos to spend few day for the museum , skip hi chanc to see the other place , such as the versail palac . due to that , the person can make and adjust hi own schedul to achiev the best pleasur in given time . not onli achiev freedom , but travel as an individu can give travel chanc to meet mani local peopl . some peopl might claim that travel as an individu can make the person unabl to find the place that the person want to go . howev , travel is not just about see place and take pictur . true mean of travel is feel cultur of place , and meet peopl and commun with them . by do that , the person can widen his/her view about the world . furthermor , if a person can not reach to the place becaus he doe n't know the way , then he can ask local peopl use hi bodi languag and gestur . by do that , even though the trip might be a littl tougher , but the trip will be more meaning and will help the person to grow mental . mani peopl tend to travel in group becaus of the variou reason . one might decid to travel in group becaus he/sh ha no time to plan for hi own trip . one might decid to travel in group becaus he ca n't speak the languag of the region . howev , despit of all the disadvantag of travel alon , travel individu will help you to understand better about the cultur as well as widen your viewpoint about the world . due to that , it is certain that travel as an individu is the best way to travel .