nowaday , the use of car is wide spread aroud the world . never the less , it is differ distribut depend on the caracterist of the coutri , and on the level of develop . some govern are tri to desentiv the use of car becaus of pollut , and even to precent accid . in addit , some peopl are look for other kind of less expens way of transport , take into account the increas of oil prize . it is veri hard to say though , that these government and particular initi are go to be the same in all the countri and that are go to have the same consequ . in europ , with small countri , where there is not enough space , where the citi are crowd and veri near to other one , it is relatevili easi to make public polici to decentiv the use of car . inde sind the 70 's , after the first oil boom , the use of car , or big car have decreas . governmet promot the use of train and subway on the main citi . the space and park problem in the biggest citi is anoth reason whi peopl can prefer more are more to use public transport rather than car . in europ , it is veri common to see more and more dure the warm season the use to bicycl not onli to go to colleg , but also to go to work . and govern incetiv these kind of solut by build bicycl road . on the other hand , in place sucn as the unit state where the biggest part of the citi are widespread on a sever number of kilomet despit their small size , it could be veri hard to desincentiv the use of car even with public polici . inde , onli big metropol such as new york , lo angel , chicago , could easili respond to polici such as those made in europ . the traffic is soo messi , and the space so reduc , that in twenti year it would be natur to use fewer car . howev , in smaller and spred citi , the use of car is essenti . they do n't face the same problem of space , park , and pollut of the big metropol . their problem is more about distanc , and about oil . one fact that could realli reduc then the number of car in those place is to face oil scarc and therefor a huge prize rais . and face thi problem , public polici could be not enough to solv the problem , sinc those citi are made to ride on a car . to summar the use of car in twenti year can be veri differ depend on the econom situat of the worl in that moment and on the oil prize .