the humankind alway need advertis to reach good life standart therefor advertis is a veri import aspect of humanslif . everyon ha differ point of view about the idea of advertis . some assum that , advertis make product seem much better than realli they are , in contarri to those , some think that advertis is reflect the origin of product . i person agre with the second idea . these are my follow reason . firstli , advertis is import becaus of custom . for exampl , last month i decid to give a parti in my home . i live apart from my parent so i did n't know which brand is realli good . actual , i have no idea about food . howev i had want to give a veri good parti . when i went to supermarket , i look around and some brand are similar for me. i have sen them in the advertis so i could rememb . i believ other idea about the brand and when i prepar the meal , i wa veri pleasur . everth wa okay in my parti . i am sure that , advertis open a light for me. if i did n't have ani idea about thi product , i think noth would be better than my decis which are learn me from advertis . secondli , advertis are import for educ . it is not onli import for food or cloth . for instanc , last year i decid to take spanish cours . i did n't have ani idea about which cours is better and i had no friend who took a spanish cours . then , i look in the internet becaus there are a lot of forum where peopl tell their idea about differ point . when i enter the such websit , i wa face to face with a lot of idea . howev , when i read all of them , one cours is more popul than other . therefor , i decid to take a cours in there . i think , it ha becom benefici for me. although there wa some bad inform or idea in the ionternet , i can select the suitibla one . in my opinion , thi is a kind iof advertis in the internet and it is the most logic way . to last but not least , advertis have an import role on purchas . moreov it is benefici for businessmen . for exampl , if i am hungri i want to eat someth which is show in the televis advertis . and , in one week even if i eat my meal , i buy thi product . i think , thi condut affect the rate of purchas . by thi way , peopl can sell a lot of product . for instanc , last even my littl cousin wa watch televis and she saw a advertis about milk . in the advertis , a babi wa drink milk and he wa beginnig to grow up . he is taller after he drink milk . even if my cousin doe n't like drink milk anymor , he tell us that he want to drink milk . i think , thi advertis ha posit affect both the custom and seller . it is a fact that , milk is benefici for children to grow up healti , so it reflect the main idea trueli . in addit to thi , it is import for seller , becaus advertis ha posit effect on buy some good . all in all , as i said befor advertis is import for purchas and it is benefici for custom . advertis is relat with both custom 's necess and seller 's benefit . the long but the short is that , advertis ha posit effect on peopl and it reflect the main product trueli .