as much as i wish for it to be true for the sake of the environ and the futur of of our ecolog system , i have a hard time agre with the statement : `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use that there are today . '' ever sinc the introduct of the `` t-model '' by henri ford use mass product technolog in the 1920 's , the number of car ha start to increas in exponenti factor . thi is due to a number of factor which i believ are irrevoc in our modern day world . firstli , our technolog is chang at such a fast pace that we do not know if and how to tame it . thu , it is becom ever easier to design and manufactur car . the number and varieti of car model abund in our everyday life is natur proof for thi point . there is wide rang of car avail for sort of tast and budget . secondli , as the world economi progress , the purchas power of nation and individu increas although not at the same rate . for exampl , even though let us say that some 3rd world countri are not as rich as their european or north american counterpart , the street are jam with car in capit of india , egypt , etc . car are becom more and more access in the remotest and the most impoverish locat . wherea it wa not easi for a young woman from kazakhistan to own her own car , it is not as unthink today as it onc wa . lastli , i believ that we , as individu , are becom more and more addict to our car . wherea a household use to have one car in the 1970 's or so , now the number of car per household is increas rapidli . thi is in part necessit by the rapid and hectic lifestyl brought about by the modern world and in part by what we call `` conspici consumpt '' in econom . if your neighbour chang to a better version , you like to do the same due to psycholog factor even though your current car may be perfectli function and comfort . thi natur `` drive up '' the market for car . we can not think of ourselv without our car . our daili routin are complet disturb if we have to go to the offic without our car . as a result of these and similar factor which i believ to be irrevoc , the number of car will continu to increas despit environment concern . i also believ that thi trend will continu for even more than twenti year . howev , it is a comfort thought that the neg effect may be somewhat decreas if car manufactur start focus on enviroment friendli hybrid and diesel model .