in today 's world , more and more peopl find success dure their live , howev , sever caus could make the success of thi person . it might be the abund of money , the person instinc or also , the fact that are constantli creat and tri new thing . becaus i am the kind of person who take a lot of risk , i strongli agre with the statement which said that success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . first of all , in my opinion , success is depend on the capac of invent and creat new thing either materi or immateri thing . sometim it is a brand new idea , anoth time it is a brand new item , and the other time , it is just a way to act . but in all thi case , the thing that is creat ha never ever been befor . although it is not the onli reason that lead peopl to success , it is one of the main point . in addit to the creativ of the person , sever factor could enter in count . one other mean to sucess is the fact to take much more risk than a common person . in fact , the person who want to tri new thing and to improv the way he live ha a lot more chanc to succeed than the person who just doe what she know exactli . as an exampl of that , i could speak about the differ between a machin and a human be that are do the same movement all day long . the machin alway doe the same act , and doe not tri to figur out ohow it is possibl to do it better , wherea the human be tri to increas hi abil to do thi act . in thi way , he tri new thing and take risk to improv hi way to act . he is more success than the machin . for me , those characterist are the main one that make me do agre with the statement written in the introduct . for instanc , my godfath is one of the person who reflect complet the fact that success should be in accord to the risk and tri new thing . sinc at least a quarter of centuri , he work for an engin compani . he is in the creativitypool . he start as a common comput engin , and now he hi the head manag of a team of 45 peopl . he start just with hi willing , and among a lot more other qualiti , he start with hi own idea . dure hi work , he talk about that with hi collegu . those latter made him increas hi level insid the societi becaus the major of hi own idea were right , and effici for the firm . that is whi , they all agre with him . now , he is on the way for the retir , but , howev , he is the proof that success peopl had better to count on there own creativ instead of count on the out factor , and also , do all the time , the thing that they know how to do perfectli . no imajin is equal to boring . creativ seem to say modern , improv , original . .. success despit the fact that there is a lot of caus to explain a success person , as far as i am concern , i strongli think that a person who is take risk and tri new thing is more abl to find sucess dure hi whole life than a person who jsut act as he is suppos to . final , otherwis , success requir take risk .