someth about everyth and everyth about someth . that is my moto in life . one can not either decied to take ani one of the abov , that simpli wont be enough . as normal function human in thi day and age of inform explos , we can not choos to be ignor about anyth . also indepth knowledg about some particular subject is also veri import for our own profession success . as far as academ subject are concern , the key word here would be time . when a person is in school , hi subject studi should be as broad as possibl . he should learn literatur , scienc , art , math and everyth els which canb cover in hi curicullum . school is the time when the brain is develop and the mind is grow . the child in thi time should get the widest exposur possibl . one in graduat colleg , the cours he choos should be more specif but also includ subject cover wider toipc . a medic scienc student should be taught about digit circuitri too as should psycholog be includ in a cours on engin . the student must have an option of branch out or even experi . also have relat knowledg onli help in understand how vari inform canb util to help in what would seem to be unrel subject . then further on with post-gradu and research base studi the student can aquir more special knowledg about the subject of their interest . but as i state earlier , the whole question about broad knowledg or special knowledg would depend upon the fact that when is the question be ask . in relat to a school student , broad subject studi is essenti and otherwis he would just be isol from the mani differ thing he could learn and becom . in relat to agradu student , the coursework need to have a direct of flow but the coverag of topic should be wide as it shall allow experi and improvis . then as post-gradu and then doctori special come up the natur of knowledg should narrow down drastic . but as far as life is concern , a combin of the two will be elementari to success . moreov with increas pressur on democraci , overpow multin and a grow global marketplac , inorm and knowledg might just save the day .