it would not be correct to state that in twenti year there will be fewer car than there are today . car ha alway been the most wide use mode of transport while compar to the occasion air , water and rail transport . the avail of cheaper and eco-friendli fuel , expans and develop of infra-structur , car 's advantag over public transport , avail of cheaper and better car in the market strengthen thi claim . price of fuel , which seem to increas minut by minut , seem to be a valid reason that could stop the increas in the number of car in the near futur . but extens research be conduct and other cheap and eco-friendli sourc of fuel make their debut into the market suggest that the use of car will get cheaper and better show how much more car facilit the way peopl commut . everi citi , town and villiag in today 's world are urban and the infra-structur expand which suggest that there are more facil vailabl to a person at larg . the necess in the life of a person such as medic care , vacat trip , shop - to name onli a few - are more easili access by car . thi along with tomorrow 's cheaper and environ friendli fuel form a sound practic reason for an individu to use car . one method of transport that would reduc the rate at which the number of car increas is the public transport . time in today 's world is money . everybodi seem to want to reach their destin at the earliest possibl time . with a view on the develop of road way in the form of broader road , better connect between place , the number of car , mostli the easiest way of transportaion , can onli increas . there are mani car manufactur and the competit natur of the car market is extremli high . thi suggest that there will be cheaper , more effici car avail in the market at the near futur . thu with thi wide array of choic to the buyer , a car , is most definit the most wide use form of transport and would like remain so . henc car is like to remain most wide use mode of transport while compar to other mode of transport . the avail eco-friendli fuel will improv the current state of our environ . a car would increas access of everyday requir and otherthu will increas in number in the next twenti year .