in our present time , the car usag is a typic way that peopl choos to interven with . it is a realli use vehicl to get oneself from one spot to anoth with the comfort and individu it provid . car is in fact a good invent and it will stay that way , or not ? the express ` in twenti year there will be fever car in use than there are today ' is a strong hypothesi and should be support by good indic and evid . ( or insight and show that forese the futur condit ) in my opinion thi statement can either be wrong or right which depend mostli on the govern restrict and regul of one countri . i think no human be is will to give up their car drive pleasur with get in ani other public vehicl that are be in servic throughout our live space . ( mostli citi ) the public transport is realli an effici and use way to transfer peopl from their home to the place where they want to reach to , becaus it is more conveni to gather a larg amount of citizen in one vehicl . that way the road are get emptier and more comfort for the traffic to flow on . but on the other hand , as i 've mention befor , an individu and especi one who own good amount of money would not wish to give up his/her automobil drive joy . at thi point , the govern and some rule can be handi and put on to usag in order to prevent the excess traffic on the road . when all the peopl choos to drive but not hop on to a public vehicl , the result can be hazard ! the traffic then would lead peopl to miss their appoint , be late to their home , or even caus the patient to be late to a hospit for medic purpos . we should actual realiz and be more empathet of our surround and think also about the peopl whom we live with . we are not alon in thi countri , not even on thi planet ! the onli benefici and logic task if we want to see less car and less traffic , is upon the govern 's shoulder : regul ! they do alway work . they sound veri strict and harsh at the begin but they are there for the whole commun 's good . as in my person opinion ; there may be fewer car in use in the futur if we happen to becom more knowledg and respons peopl also by the need assist of the gover 's regul and written law .