thing in life are usual not black or white . it is difficult to say if it 's better to work on have a broad knowledg on mani differ academ subject or to put that same amount of effort on special on an specif field . in my opinion it all depend on the short term object of the student which is , after all , close relat to the age . for young age student who are in school , high-school or even in the first year of univers , studi a broad knowledg of a varieti of subject will probabl be more suitabl . divers is basic in these stage for variou reason . first of all , student need to obtain certain level of gener cultur , what includ histori , geographi , math , literatur , grammar , scienc . .. it also need to be taken into account that some subject interact with each other . someon ca n't studi physic with no math knowledg , so a varieti of field need to be cover . final , it is also import for young student to becom familiar with a varieti of field so that they can choos what they would like to special on in the futur : it would n't be sensibl to let a ten year old chose if he want to studi onli biolog f just becaus he like that particular subject at that stage , for exampl . they need to have a global vision befor decid what the like , and the way of obtain it is simpli studi a broad syllabu . howev when consid adult student , prioriti obvious chang . for peopl in their late univers year or in graduat cours special in a particular subject is basic . the most import reason is that compani requir specialist to cover job posit . compani are not usual interest in peopl who onli know a littl bit about lot of subject . they look for indivudu who are profici and have a deep knowledg and understand of specif field and industri . if the candid addit ha a broad knoowledg of other thing it can then be consid as a plu , but the first characterist is that he/sh is a specialist in a particular subject . as a conclus it could be said that the age of the student is the best indic to determin whether it is more suitabl to studi a broad select of subject or to focu all the effort in an specif field .