the issu whether the advitis make the product seem better than other product or not is debat . i agre that advertis help to make product seem better . firstli , as we all know , mani compani believ in successful advertis and market to improv their product marketshar . whether an advertis is successful or not depend on it influenc on the consum . to influenc a consum , advertis can repres it product far more superior through ani unrel or fals evid . sinc , first impress can be the last one , mani consum read or watch about the product and instanli make up their mind about the qualiti of the product . unfortun , still in mani countri there are no harsh legal penalti for dupe consum through these fals claim and henc , compani are not discourag from such practic . moreov , our modern economi fuell with competit encourag and somewhat base on `` win with hook or crook '' theme . for an exampl , in usa , mani car manufactur are competi to gain market and profit . but the advertis about their car might not depict the truth about the car . advertis are done such that , the bad qualiti about the product are not highlit while the posit point are shown highli in the advertis . so in car advertis , if the car lack some addit featur like , music system , then it will not be told in the advertis , on the other hand compar mileag will be shown as a big plu point against competitor . also , the concept of `` real '' advertis about the product may just boil down to ethic behaviour . the compani should be held respons for doubl mean advertis about the their product which may lead to seriou injuri or dissatisfact among the consum . compani advertis the product should not leav the advertis interpret to the public . lack of inform is same as fals inform in come up with the conclus about the product . i would like to conclud that , ye , advertis doe make the product seem better , and the main root caus behind it is the higli comptit economi and struggl for exist among compani and product . but with strignet law thi phenomenon can be curb and consum can make correct deciss about the product .