i do agre with the statement that advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . thi i conclud from my own person experi , and the person experi of my rel and friend . i have , on sever occass , actual purchas , a whole rang of product , like lipstick , soap , deterg , cloth , etc , after have seen them be advertis on tv . but on most occas , i wa not happi with the product in hand , they simpli did not match the qualiti that they claim in the advertis . in a lead brand shampoo advertis , for exampl , it wa claim , that the regular use of the shampoo for a month time , would lead to the complet dissapear of dandruff . believ thi claim , i bought the shampoo for my self , and use it as advis . but the result , were veri un satisfactori , after it use not onli did the dandruff problem continu to persist , it had in fact much wors than what it wa befor it 's use . similarli , a lead health drink brand , in it advertis claim that , thi wa , by far the best health drink availbl in the market , and it tast much better than ani other brand . fall pray to their claim , i chang my brand of health drink . i purchas thi , instead of the one that i had been use for a long time . to my surpris , i found almost no differec between the two brand , not onli thi , there wa no ad health advantag i reciev form the usag of thi brand , which i did not reciev from the usag of the earlier one . my rel , friend , and mani of you as well will have similar experi to recount . inde advertis make tall claim about the product , and they have way to make their product look much better than they actual are . for exampl , let us talk about a lead brand energi bar advertis . in thi add they show a well built athlet , on the race track , sand claim that we can be like him we use the energi bar . but some think will tell us , that there is nio way of guess how the athlet got hi health . a sneak into the athleat person life will tell us that . not the add advertis , should not be beliv , they are there to sell product , and to do that they can go to ani extent to make thir product look better than those of their competitor . as a result of which most end up make tall claim about the product and make the consum buy these . after susequ use the consum realis the product is not as good as it wa claim in the advert