the main object of ani educ system is to tri to teach student concept and fact simultan . it is thought certain than peopl would becom more complet if they could learn both from theori and experi . howev if a choic should be made what part would be better ? i seem to me that it is more import to understand concept than to learn fact . inde , idea and concept are veri difficult to understand and requir specif teach wherea fact can be learnt throught experi . furthermor it is not the role of a teacher to have a deep knowledg of gener fact . besid the student need to know the theori in order to understand fact . idea and concept are veri vagu topic which requir an intens learn program . inde , an idea usual spread out from centuri , if not millenium , of questionnig and debat and thu a rather long time is need to understand the basi of an idea . therefor , onli peopl who have dedic their entir life to a certain topic can be abl to explain clearli the true mean of a concept . consequ it is mere imposs to aprehend an idea just by wit a consequ it might have on a person or a thing . in the opposit , fact are easili understood by simpl observ . thu , student might have a better comprehens of unknown fact than new concept . for instanc , it is more difficult to learn from experi the idea of love than undertand the reason of a car crash . therefor student should learn what is less easier to experi which in thi case are idea and concept . secondli , as it ha been state in the previou part , onli qualifi peopl are abl to talk precis of idea . those expert are refer in the educ system as teacher . a teacher is a person which ha a deep knowledg of a sepcif field of area . by studi and exchang idea with collegu , teacher are abl to gain expertis on idea and concept . howev , the veri concept of their expertis is that they do not reli on specif fact but ; ore on gener idea . for that reason they are not qualifi to share their experi with student . final , understand fact requir that previous the student ha been awar of the theori . a fact can onli be fulli understood when the underli idea and concept are known . student should then concentr on learn idea . besid the veri principl of an idea is that it is therot and need to be discuss within group such as classroom . life provid exampl but how could student possibl understand event without the necessari background ?