imagin walk through the costa rican tropic forest with one 's closest friend . as you march through the variou type of plant and life-form , you encount the rarest type of bird in all of costa rica : the `` mancha roja '' . it astound color amaz you and you 're friend to such a point that you becom frozen on the spot . such a scene would not be frequent seen with the structur group tour guid by an expert . it is obviou that when one drift away from the tradit idea and creat one 's own pathway , one will discov new and amaz thing that would have otherwis been hidden . if one doe not separ from the typic behavior produc by human natur , societi would still be live under mediev age condit and no true discoveri would be made . it is essenti to think outsid the box in order to get the best from an experi . if one use a tour guid to explor and discov the rich of our world , one will not be truli discov the hidden treasur but instead be follow a simpl lesson . if that is what one truli seek , then mayb a textbook would be more cost-effici than an expens tour guid . with thi conserv attitud of follow someon around , thoma alva edison would not have discov the lightbulb , or the wright brother would not have soar in the sky . in order to see the unseen , it is key to make one 's own path and explor , tri new thing and base one 's opinion and think upon that , rather than on a tour guid that one doe n't even know . go back to the initi exampl of the mysteri bird , if one had walk along the amazon with a group of peopl , that bird might have been scare away by unfamiliar nois . one would have miss out on what could have been the most enlighten and fabul experi of year of explor . had one gone along the inexist path , one might have seen thi bird along with mani other incred anim , therefor the pre-written path doe not lead to discoveri and henc must not be follow . creat our own path in life is absolut vital to the enrich of our mind . follow a group , led by a tour guid , into the unknown can not even be compar to the experi of enter the unknown without direct or expect . without a doubt , the best way to travel is , and alway will be , travel through the rug , virgin and unexplor path .