life is so divers , that as much as a person learn throughout his/her life , there is alway more . there doe not exist a limit for learn , and new discoveri and creation pop up daili in our everyday news , grow in a parallel mode with the ever imrpov technolog . as a matter of fact , a success person is not one who know a lot , but one who know how , when and where to appli his/her knowledg in the best way avail . a person who ha master someth ( x ) he/sh doe , is automat better qualifi to do and improv ( x ) than someon who ha never seen or heard about it . each human be ha specif characterist and environment cultur that bound his/her abil of the thing he/sh ha learn . sometim , these limit are highli disadvantag , yet they would not make thi person specif unsuccess , becaus with the right knowledg at one specif task , he/sh can sublim in a way even the best educ person on the globe could not . on the other hand , tri new thing and take new risk are veri import in today 's world , but it doe not yet make it more success a person who doe it than one who doe not . in fact , innov and risk should alway be tri for newli develop idea and for the person to improv his/her skill and learn about most thing a littl . thi concept is veri well illustr when compar to how the agricultur revolut evolv as an exampl . imagin if a farmer would have to plant all type of fruit and veget , that at the end would bare be suffici for hi famili surviv in contrast to everi one farmer special in a specif fruit or veget and than barter and trade with the other . like that , each one farmer would definit profit more with the special , and as a result also consum the best qualiti good altogeth . thi show that sometim it is also benefiti to special in a specif abil to have the best result , becaus if everyon would like to do everyth by himself the world would not go on . now again , thi doe not mean that have some overal knowledg would be harm . in conclus , a success person is a rather rel term . becaus success can be attain with hard-work and loyalti to a goal . no matter the amount of risk and innov taken , special yourself can be equal grant . have you ever imagin if profession athlet stop play basketbal , footbal , or basebal , would they still be success ?