advertis are the most common and color part of our live in the 21st centuri . everyday anoth select for a materi is made or invent and come to our tv or newspap page to show us hi advantag . peopl have differ idea about the issu that most adverstis make product seem much better than they realli are . some think that it is right other think that it is a wrong way of think . i 'm person agre with the firt one . first of all , advertis make the product seem bigger . everi advertis is a littl circu show to make you believ that ` thi one ' is the ` one ' that you have been look for sinc your childhood . to make you believ they will tri everi method , especi do not believ in the size of the product in the televis . for exampl last year a newspap begin to promot a tape . the tape wa the best that i have ever seen , i mean ` the tape of my life ' . i order the product and when the box came to my home i wa realli amaz , howev , there wa a littl problem ; the tape wa more littl than i saw it in the advertis . secondli , most advertis make the audienc believ that the product is cheaper . the life in big citi like my own is veri expens to live . so , i am realli care about spend my money and alway look for the price of the materi that i will buy and i am alway look for the inform on price in the advertis . for the 20th birthday of my best friend i promis her to buy the dress that we saw in the magazin togeth . in the adverstis it wa not look so expens . i wa think like that until i went the store to buy it . it wa much more expens than we read . lastli , advertis make the materi seem more use . for instanc , a friend of mine who ha a kilo problem , began to use a materi advertis as a ` lose calori miracl in 3 month ' , it ha been 6 month and she is not look lose much more than onli 1 kilo . .. the product seem her much more use than she experienc . thu the inform told by advertis is not so accur and convinc . all in all , adverstis a product is someth made to show that it is the best that you 've ever seen . so , the advertis will tri to fascin the audienc and by make the stuff seem better than it realli is , they reach their goal . the product shown in the advertis can be smaller , more expens and less use than it is seem to you .