i agre that young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl , due to some reason . these reason are name ; young peopl are more energet , they are healtier and they do not have concern for casual . be energet is veri import to enjoy life , as it is the key to engag in entertain activ like sport , danc and go out with friend . i am sure that no ani old person ha energi to do ani of these ; as most of us ha seen in our grand parent . the second reason is relat veri much to the age , due to the fact that person is healthier if he or she is young . i think thi is also veri relat to engag in entertain activ ; you might have observ your self when you are sick , which is a case that no bodi would like to go out to have fun . due to the fact that old peopl usual suffer from chronic or acut ill , they are less like to have motiv to engag in activ , rather they are like to stay in bed all day . approach to the end , if we come to the third reason ; which is lack of concern for casual , i think it is appropri to state that thi is the most promin charact of young peopl and is the lead factor in enjoy life . when a person ha a lot of respons to be account for , it will be veri hard for that person to think about have fun , onli thing to do in that case is to look for solut to exist problem . in old age , peopl usual have to deal with their il and with their possibl problem with their children if they are still live togeth . while deal with these problem , it can not be expect from a person to enjoy life . most of us might have observ thi in our grand parent , especi if they are all the time rumin on their ill , they are not like to disengag their attent from these problem of old age and tri to enjoy life . thi might be relat to a charecterist of their age which we call as lack of energi and motiv to tri hard . to sum up , i definit agre that young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl as they have more energi to engag in activ that most peopl find entertain , they do not have health problem that may take away the will to engag in activ , and most importantli there are not much causal in a young person 's life that ha to be dealt with ; even if there are , young peopl have requier energi and motiv to solv them , that old peopl usual do not have .