commun develop is one thing that the young peopl normal assosi themselv with these day . by say thi statement i tend to disagre with the notion that young peopl dont give enough time for their commun . all the young peopl of today world are veri well educ and well vers with all the happen in today world . they spare a lot of time for the uplift of their commun whether it be a religion commun or a region one . i t doe make a huge amount of differ for them what it might be , they normal beliv in the concept of return the favour the commun ha given them . thi i total believ in . one thing i would like to mention here is `` return to the root '' . thi is someth which we keep hear all round these day , how would thi notion be so excess use if young peopl would not have spare time for their respect commun . there are a lot of peopl who pursu their educ abroad , work their for a coupl of year and then come back to their nativ and help or serv their commun . how mani industralist have we seen who have studi in the finest colleg of the world and have come back and start their own industri in their nativ . anoth thing which come to mind is that peopl who have a certain postion in their live have come back to their root and work for the uplift of their commun . the best exampl i would like to give is of martin luther king though a long time ago , work for the uplift of hi commun after attain a substanti posit in hi life . hi credenti speak for himself and such is hi aura that peopl of hi commun still treat him as a demi-god . mr.j.r.d tata , one of the most renown peopl in the field of aviat wa educ in one of the best universti of the world but he came back to india and serv hi peopl by build industri in hi nativ place . there are mani exampl of peopl who have come back and serv their commun . there are variou multi nation compani who extens indulg in help peopl of certain commun . i am sure that there would be a larg number of young peopl involv in such kind of nobl deed . one more thing i would like to state is that most of the minist who have been elect as repres of their communti , would mostli help out their kinsman and their commun first rather than think about other . i guess most of the minist these day are well educ youngster who have a zeal to work for their commun . return to the root which wa mention previous , explain the plight of the indutrialist who more often than not concentr on set up an industri in their nativ place therebi providng job oppurtun to peopl of hi commun . i therefor strongli disagre to the view that youngster do not give enough time to their communti and i believ and hope that most of the youngster would support my view by support their respect commun .