i person agre with the statement that it is veri import for student to understand idea and concept rather than just learn the fact becaus for a student get to understand mani fact is veri import befor appli it on . for exampl , let us take a student who in school stage appear for an exam . if he prepar a particular lesson in the syllabu by mere mug or learn the fact in the textbook without get to understand the concept and the idea of about what the lesson express , it would be veri difficult for him to pen down on hi examin becaus one cant reli basic onli on the memori . what if the student get tens as soon as he see the question of that particular portion . be more anxiou could result in palpit and tend to forget what he memoris , may not put forth the answer . instead if the student would have made just to understand about the idea and concept then it would be easi for him to put forth and develop in hi own word too which may actual be an express thought and eventu fetch him more mark . take an other exampl of a research student . a reasearch paper to be complet need lot of inform which should be compil properli to meet the requir of the research studi . for thi to happen a student tri to gather mani inform and materi , take note , read . establish in mind how to put in order need lot of idea . onli if he could understand the basic concept of that particular subject or paper he can develop new idea which will fetch him good note to complet a research paper eventu win prais for hi work which show confid . thi will be veri use for the student if he is ask to deliv a paper present , becaus he ha alreadi understood the concept and the basic idea which ha given him the confid to express and deliv in public gather . anoth exampl could also be taken which wa prove , that is the newton 's law of graviti . just becaus newton had the capac to understand hi topic to be invent hi thought process welcom the idea and thu the law of graviti wa expos to the world . if he would have just learn the fact probabl till now the law of gaviti wouldnt have been in exixt . thu i come to the conclus that it is import for student to understand idea and concept rather than to learn mere the fact onli and i stand for my choic .