onli those who take risk will be the successful one . that is what one of my professor in spanish economi in my univers in my univers use to repeteadli say in class . he want us to be adventur , to have the courag to start up new bussines and , basic , to take the risk to do someth differ . of cours not everybodi in class agre with him , as such way of think and live ha defenet pro and con , but in my oppinion be brave and take risk in life is import in order to find true happi and be succesful . as previous state , some of my colleagu in class did not agre at all with the professor idea that take risk is someth necessari . they advoc that peopl should onli do what they feel comfort do and what they are sure they are go to do well . therefor , not take risk would somehow ensur your own happi or sucess . it is true , they would argu , that it might not be the higher level of happin that you would be abl to reach , but you make sure you are not go to fail in life . thi wa infact the particular argument of one of my colleagu , who just want to graduat in order to appli for a job in a public ministri and work there for the rest of her life . i thought that it wa certainli a safe deciss , as she would never have to worri about loosin her job , but in my oppinion she would also renounc to her chanc of achiev some higher profession goal . on the other hand , some other colleagu use to say that take risk is someth veri import in life , special when it come to the econom sector , in which onli those who are brave and not follow the rule are realli succesful and acomplish their goal . from my perspect , a key alleg to support thi argument is the fact that import busi leader around the globe are peopl who took risk at some point in their life , someth which give a lot of food for thought . in a nutshel , have the courag to take risk is not someth easi as of cours there is a chanc that you might not succeed , but the idea of alway do what is secur and not be abl to find and tri new thing is not atract to me . i believ that my professor wa right and that , in particular in econom , take risk is what make the differ .