most of us , at least onc in our live , were dissapoint by a brand-new product we had just bought after be seduc by a flashi advertis . after learn the bitter truth that the product is not the least of what is present in it advertis , we understand that we were swindl by an advertis . i agre with the fact that most of the time advertis make the product seem much better than they actual are . the veri simpl and power trait of an advertis is that the veri reason of it exist is to make the product seem more appeal and attract to the custom . the advertis primarili aim to show the best properti of their product while hide it weak behind the curtain . for instanc , while watch an advertis about a video game to be releas in the market , it is highli unlik that you will hear anyth about the possibl danger of the game such as provok violenc , especi on the target audienc . in the advertis , you will onli see the beauti and improv of thi video game compar to prior one , such as it graphic superior , or develop in it scenario etc . .. secondli , an advertis will alway tri to impress the custom at first sight . the idea here is to creat an illus in the mind of the custom to convinc him to purchas the product . i rememb a veri notabl exampl for thi . when i wa 10 year old , i desper want to have a bicycl sinc most of my friend possess one . i rememb veri clearli that when i saw an ostentati advertis about a mountain bike , i fell for it . i repeat a million time to my father that i crave for that bicycl . after see the bicycl i rememb my father be doubt about purchas it becaus it simpli wa n't the bicycl that we saw in the advertis ! without give a second thought i went furiou . and eventu my father bought that bicycl . use it for sever month , when my passion fade away , i realiz my mistak , but it wa too late . last but not the least , the advertis tri to catch the custom by aim to the subconsci . the advertis studi the mind of the custom , name their target audienc , to make them surrend to the idea that the product is absolut necessari in their live . they achiev thi by use certain gestur , word or display in advertis to catch the custom without awaken hi conscienc . for exampl , an advertis about a car might includ a beauti ladi to impli that purchas the car will also provid the charisma or respect requir to impress the ladi . the target audienc here which consist of mainli male , will be impress by the car without realli acknowledg thi trick . all in all , there are sever way for the vendor to make their product seem much better than they actual are . eventhough , thi statement should not mean that all the product with impress advertis are exagger in their display , it is definit true for most of the product becaus advertis simpli mean to make it seem attract .