i do not agre with the statement `` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . '' fact are point of inform which are a hundr percent right , can not be deni and can be proven right an infinit amount of time . the law 's of graviti are exampl of factual inform . thi inform can never be prove wrong therefor it is import for a student to learn thi rather than inform that could be wrong . concept and idea also have a huge amount of import regard the educ of a student howev it is not as inpornt as factual inform . thi idea are onli someon theori and thought , they have n't been prove right yet . when theori or idea are proven to be right they becom fact . when compar these two type of inform one must look at their origin . if a fact is a theori or idea that ha been proven to be right the inport of thi inform is therefor greater than the inport of the idea . student need to learn about law or fact in order to realli know how to approach and especif research . theori are veri often reject and replac by other , thi constant reject of theori is whi theori lose inport throughout time . there wa a time when the earth wa believ to be flat , thi wa a theori . when technolog gave men the power to actual investig thi theori the idea wa reject and therefor replac by a fact , that the earth is round . correct knowledg is what actual matter in a student 's educ . if the inform learn wa wrong then there is no purpos on learn that . idea and concept still play a huge factor becaus in order to investig someth there must be a theori and someon will to prove it wrong . i no one figur that the earth wa flat it is like that none would have tri to actual find out . therefor the inport of each kind of inform can vari and often depend on the student belief and goal . if the student is more interest in scientif reserch then both kind of informant must be equal evalu . but if the student is in to less scientif or object activ like art and music concept and idea play a bigger role .