i disagre with the prior statement for sever reason . when we say that is is better to do thi or that , we should ask ourselv : better for whom ? is it better for me , for the other , for societi as a whole ? i think that altough a broad knowledg of mani academ subject can be fruit for individu , societi reli more and more on special knowledg . and thi is whi i disagre with the statement . the first argument is that if a societi valu knowledg , and our doe , then it should realiz that the pursuit of knowledg is foster by intens research in area that becom by necess the object of further and further special . to increas our knowledg about thing , be it natur , or the social realm , or just abstract math , we need research to constantli go beyond what they alreadi know . it is onli by be at the forefront of a given disciplin that we can gain more knowledg about it . the second argument in support of special knowledg is that we , as a societi - even though there are relev except - , do not pursu knowledg onli for knowledg 's sake . we use knowledg in order to satisfi an object , be it the improv of our societi , or of our health , or whatev it is we want to improv . doctor want to heal peopl , engin want to build bridg . most of our societi 's need depend on special knowledg . broad knowledg of mani subject can serv the spirit , but the well-b of modern societi requir more than well-educ , well-round citizen . last but not least , our societi , which we valu , as we have alreadi said , need to be sustain in the long term . sustain - econom , social , ecolog - is a complex issu and we as a societi need to educ peopl that should be abl to treat thi complex phenomena . these are some of the reason whi we can say that special knowledg is better for our societi and therefor that is is better to have thi kind of knowledg than have broad knowledg of mani subject . that said , individu should be interest in area in which they are not special , becaus thirst of knowledg is part of be human and it make our societi richer in varieti and more interest .