all peopl enjoy life , and they show thi by particip in mani of life 's amaz activ . peopl enjoy life in mani form . yet , peopl do not lose thi thirst for life as they grow older . the thing peopl enjoy might chang with time , but thi doe not mean that they deriv less enjoy from them . improv in healthcar have made old peopl 's live easier and they have also increas their mobil , allow them to pursu mani activ dure their retir . peopl enjoy life regardless of age , and thi dismiss the statement that `` young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl '' . of cours there are differ between the young and the old . the young are typic more activ and less patient . yet , thi doe not impli that they enjoy life more . thi mere impli that young peopl have a differ set of prefer , and differ idea as to what constitut as fun . consequ , they enjoy differ activ . mani young boy enjoy play footbal with their friend . play footbal can be quit demand physic . rare , do we see senior citizen play footbal . instead , we might see them stroll in a park , or watch their favorit tv show . these activ are less demand physic , but old peopl do not enjoy them less . as medicin and technolog have improv , life expect ha increas . today peopl live much longer than they use to . peopl spend mani year in their retir , and mani find these year to be the most enjoy year of their life . peopl , who are in their retir , have the time to do what they pleas . they do not have meet and schedual to meet , and thi allow them to live life at a slower pace . thi also allow them to go on long trip and holiday , and see the place they wish to see dure their youth . also due to improv in heathcar , old peopl are not are immobil as they onc were . thi allow mani old peopl to continu to fuction normal , and even play sport like golf . the statement that `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl '' is fals , becaus of the mani point that speak against it . old peopl enjoy life no less than young peopl . true they enjoy differ thing , but thi is due to the fact that they have differ prefer and need .