i do agre to the statement that say `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide. '' becaus it is a safer way to travel , it is well organ , you make new connect and learn veri intrest insight on the countri . i do believ travel in a group led by a tour guid is better than travel alon becaus it ensur your secur in a countri unknown to you . thi is especi true if you visit a third world countri that speak a differ languag than your . for exampl , last summer i went to ecuador . while thi countri is known for have mani pickpocket , i never got rob or felt i wa watch or follow becaus i wa with a group . i also felt safe becaus the tguid wa from the countri and knew where to go . i am sure that if i had gone by myself to ecuador , i wouldm < t have felt safe . henc , group are a good way to feel safe when you travel . anoth reason whi travel wiht a group led by a leader is a the best way to visit anoth countri is all the insight given by the tour guid . the tour guid know a lot about the countri < s histori , and hi knowledg certainli help you better understand the cultur , the peopl and the languag of the countri you are visit . even though you might have read about the countri in book , the guid alway ha more interest approach and interest fact and anecdot that you would not find in book . thu , a guid will make your trip more interest . thirdli , travel with a group and a guid is less stress than travel alon . in fact , a guid take care of hotel reserv and activ ; you don < t have to worri about anyth . isn < t the main purpos of travel to escap from the stress of work ? also , the guid gener organ a lot of activ that you wouldn < t ha ve done if you had visit the countri alon . therefor , travel with a guid let you experi the cultur through mani activ and make your stay more enjoy . for exampl , i would't have gone raft , canyon , snorkel , etc. if all these activ had n't been organ by a guid . henc , travel with a group give you the opportun to make more activii . final , when you travel with a group , you make new friend . the group is your temporari famili and peopl you can relat to becaus you come form the same background . i personn think share a trip with a group is a lot better becaus you sahr your new experi with them and you