famou french armi gener and presid charl de gaul onc said : '' the best way of studi how to command is to studi a broad of knowledg of mani academ subject '' . whi did he say that ? and is thi onli good to learn how to command , or is thi true for everyth ? that is the question to answer . i would say it depend on what one 's expect it 's knowleg is need for . on one hand , if it is for everyday live , i suppos thi is veri right : for exempl , dure the day , we all meet mani peopl who with we talk about veri differ subject ( econom , social issu , work , famili or simpli last night tv program ) . in thi case , the more on differ subject we know , the more peopl will appreci to talk with us . if someon want to know your own point of view on an specif event , and if you answer him '' i do n't know and i ' not interest in that '' , we can guess he will not ask you anymor . .. ther is another exempl : most polit program are base on econom or social problem to solv . if you do n't have ani idear about it , how will you understand the debat , the differ opinion ? and how then , will you make your choic for the next vote ? moreov , i beleiv , we all still have a child slleep in our brean : so like children , we like discov new thing , be curiou , thi is anoth good reason to studi mani acad ; ic subject . on the other hand , i beleiv it is difficult for a teacher or a scientist not to special in one subject . same thing for peolpl who have veri special job such as engin or financ administr . .. how would these peopl be expert if they had not special in their owm specif subject . how would a teacher answer to all the question student ask him everi lesson ? as it seen imposs to special in all the subject , i suppos these teacher , scientist or expert have no choic . howev , i beleiv , they still also studi other subject , even if it is not with the same accuraci . also , i think they are interest in mani other subject and they can talk about other thing than their owm specif subject . i think there is no better way of studi , it depend on what you will have to do later in your job . but me , i definit follow charl de gaull advic . ..