i have alway been and still is an `` understand '' kid . i could never learn the fact as `` such and such is such preiod . '' i had to think about it until i knew and understood the main reason whi such and such is such and such . it wa a good habit of studi for when there were comprehens question , i would find it easi to appli the thing i learn in to real-lif set . onc understood , i would then be abl to learn higher level knowledg on the same topic . thing i tri to memor as fact never sem to sink-in and stay . it is becaus of my person experi that i agre with the statement , `` it is import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact '' . first , in present day life , you ca n't alway learn fact and memor it . in the past accept and learn fact were the mean of educ . howev , now it is more import to understand the idea and concept . everi now and then we here about the imp [ ortanc of creativ . creativ come from understand idea and concept and appli them to situat to make new thing , handl the hard problem in the situat , and make new idea . in present day life , you the ablitiy to understand is import especi to grow student . second , the `` fact '' are alway chang . it wa a fact that the no man could ever reach the moon befora the space shuttl wa invent . it wa a `` fact '' that the earth wa the center of the univers coupl centri ago . the `` fact '' chang as peopl learn more and more about their surround . if the fact are learn without student actual understand the concept , it would be hard for them to take in the new `` fact '' or understand whi the fact ha chang . also , it would be imposs to have great scientist if all student beliv that fact are fact and none of them will ever chang becau they learn it thi way . last , it is a more effect way of studi . for student who have a limit amount of time to studi 8 to12 subject time efficientci is veri import . by understand a concept or idea the student can take in all the thing that are relat to that subject . becaus of the reason state abov , i agrre with the statement , `` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact '' .