educ ha alway been concern with the question whether it is more import to learn fact or to acquir way of understand the thing that happen around us . is it of more relev to know when exactli a certain war broke out , or to understand how a conflict final result in that specif war ? in the cours of thi work , it will be shown that fact should not be the first and paramount sourc and end of learn . first of all , fact are someth that we memor . the human brain , howev , doe not have the capac to rememb everi singl fact for an unlimit amount of time . thing that we learn by heart can just as easili be forgotten when we do not need the inform anymor . a student can revis certain date in histori or certain physic formula , but when the exam or the school year is over , hi brain might eras them in order to make space for new inform . moreov , student can adapt certain idea that they have understood to other topic area . thi kind of potenti for transferr of knowledg or way of think is in my opinion highli import . fact are onli valid for one specif issu at one specif time wherea idea possess a more univers qualiti . understand how a politician 's mind in conduct polici work - what factor they have to take into consider - , for exampl , is more import than know about all the polici they introduc . in addit , the learn of idea rather than fact help you to draw comparison between certain issu , to assess qualiti and shortcom and to look at the world from a more gener point of view . a student who know a lot about the main tenet of liber will veri like be better abl to compar it signifig in differ cultur and at differ time in world histori than someon who ha studi the biographi of philosoph of the past . to conclud , one can say that the learn of fact is a mere formal , an unreflect acquir of name , number and event , wherea the understand of concept and idea is a process by which student learn to look for and grasp the root of issu . idea can be appli to variou field and can stay in our mind , shape the concept of how we see the world . fact that are hammer into our brain , on the other hand , are like to disappear over time .