when travel , peopl alway tri to plan everyth they can . they look for the best citi to visit , the perfect hotel , the cheapest plane tarif , and the greatest activ to do while be there ; but sometim plan all thi by your own can be a littl bit difficult . that is whi , i will recomend to all the travel look for an adventur , to tri a new experi , by let a tour guid show you and anoth bunch of peopl all the thing a new citi could offer . when a person is in charg of guid you through a citi you are not familiar with , you can be sure , that guid will show you the most interest place , will take you to the import museum , will point all the monument , and in the mean time will explain to you everyth there is tho know about the citi and it histori . it is a great opportun for a person that actual know the place to show you arround . in thi kind of travel , you will have to adjust to a strict schedul , where you will even have an specif time for breakfast . you have to take into account that have a schedul is not alway a bad thing , as it will enabl you to use all the time you have wise . if you are one of those who can wake up at 7am , have a day full of activ , go to bed at 11pm , and be readi the next day to start all over again , thi kind of adventur is for you . if you are travel with your famili , there is alway a time dure the trip you want to get rid of one or two member of the famili . that is whi if you travel in a group , you will have the opportun to interact with peopl from differ place , differ cultur , and the most import , from differ famili . you can have a trip two week long , without get bore , as there will be alway someon new to talk to . a lot of parent when take their famili to vacat , have the worri that someth may go wrong , or that someon may not like what they have plan . when go with a tour guid , you have someon you can reli on , someon that ha to solv ani problem it may occur ; and if anyon doe not like what wa plan , you can alway blame the tour guid . have a tour guid can be an excel choic , if you choos an excel tour guid . be awar that there are million of option in everi countri you may want to visit , so be sure to evalu all the altern , and to choos the one that best suit you .