it is sometim said that in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . in the follow i want to give some reason whi i person don | t agre with thi opinion . firstli , for mani peopl use their car is the most conveni possibl to reach the destin they want to go to . of cours , there is public transport . but when you travel by bu or by subway you nearli never reach your destin directli . becaus most of the peopl like to have it as comfort as possibl they will continu use their car . furthermor , especi train are a veri expens way to travel . secondli , oil price have just start to declin . thi will probabl lead to cheaper petrol price , so the cost factor is also no immedi reason to use fewer car . and there is no sign that thi will chang rapidli . there are huge oil and ga resourc , particularli in russia . so , petrol will remain rel cheap . moreov the lobbi of the carmak is veri power . there are import brand with much influenc all over the world . that is becaus they employ hundr of thousand of worker and a reduct of use car would certainli lead to more unemploy . as far as i can see they would dramat protest against ani possibl restrict of use car and do everyth to attract new custom with interest featur of their product . it is also worth mention that the state itself can not have ani real interest to reduc the number of car . of cours , the green are an import polit parti in mani countri but final the lobbi of the environmentalist is not power enough . the state receiv much money from car owner who have to pay tax on their car and on the petrol they use . nowaday , peopl are more interest in topic such as secur and educ than the protect of the environ . so , politican of the peopl | s parti don | t see ani necess to campaign for fewer car . of cours , ride your bike or just walk can be even greater fun than drive a car . if more peopl decid to chang their habit and think more serious about the pollut caus by too much car traffic , i would certainli be happi . howev i do not think thi will happen in the next twenti year .