some peopl ca n't travel without a perfect organ , without to know where they will be on each day and everyth . to my point of view thi is not the best way to travel . i prefer travel by myself without a group let by a tour guid . there is mani reason who explain thi idea : first of all , it is more conveni and you feel free to do what you want , secondli becaus you can be integr to the cultur and not onli visit tourist place . on the first hand , when you are with a group led by a tour guid you know the program befor to leav your countri . you have no surpris and can not decid to chang your plan . you do not have the possibl to like a place and want to spend more time becaus most of the time , you must look at you clock and follow the group . for exampl , when i wa in florida , in miami , i decid to go with my friend to visit key west . on the way to go , we get lost and , by the way , we discov other beauti place that we would not be abl to see with a tour guid . then we spend one night in key west as we plane to do but we realli enjoy the citi and want to stay more . so we just did it , without ani problem : we were totali free to enjoy in our way . on the other hand , when you are with a tour guid , you most of the time onli visit the tourist place and where everybodi go . you see and visit what all the other see and visit and you are not abl to know place that nobodi know or where onli the citizen go . also , by travel with a group , you onli speak your own languag and you not have ani possibl to know and experi about the other cultur . as an exampl , when i wa in china , i met a girl who invit me for a dinner in her hous . it would never happen with a tour guid becaus i should follow all the group . so becaus i wa free to do what i want to do , i had a dinner with a tradit chines famili and it wa such a great experi ! to conclud , when you have the possibl to travel by yourself , without ani help , it is better to do it without a tour guid : you are free and even if you get loos , you will learn a lot about the cultur . so let go and for your next holiday : be your own tour guid !