the cycl of life is amaz . a human is born weak and than get to the zenith of hi strength at one point than goe back to be weak as he approach the end of hi life . yet ask yourself thi ? when doe a person enjoy life the most ? in my humbl opinion enjoy life mean to have health , time in your life and the passion to learn which is what most old peopl lack . that is whi young peopl enjoy life more than old peopl do . in order to enjoy life you need to have a great health . most young peopl that . they are strong and often do not suffer from mani diseas as old peopl do . young peopl can jump scream and danc whenev they are happi . they are abl to respond to their exit through physic action . howev if an old person get exit it 's more like for him to get a heart attack . it is veri rare to see an old person abl to jump up and down when exit . it 's said that life is like a toilet paper . the sooner it get to the end the faster it roll . often do we hear old peopl talk about death as if it becam a new friend they are readi to be escort with as they leav the ballroom of life . old peopl put the idea that they do not have ani more time in their hand wich make them think there is noth to be happi about . when i ask my grandma `` come up the stair with me so we can watch the sunset '' she would answer '' no my dear , it 's too late for me to do that . it 's your time now . you go by yourself and enjoy it while you can . '' . my grandma just miss out the fun of gaze into the sunset becaus she thought that the stair would kill her . young peopl dont worri about time . as far as they are concern they should enjoy life while they still can ! to me learn is one of the most excit activ i enjoy . and when i say learn i mean learn from life . like have the suspenc and wonder what will happen next . or where your life is go to take you . experienc that the knowledg you know today is differ from the knowledg you know tomorrow . old peopl will miss out on that excit feel becaus when they think about their futur , atomat a pictur of a grave load up in their mind . they say they have noth to learn becaus they are in the final statg of life . therefor they lack the passion to learn . if you do n't have the will to learn than you will not learn . in conclus , thi doe n't mean that all old peopl are miser . it 's realli how the individu defin the phrase `` enjoy life '' . to me if you do not have health , time and passion for learn i do n't believ you will be abl to enjoy life .