the follow statement `` it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject. '' is a fauls statement lack evid to support such an argument . the passag below will demonstr , through three exampl , how the abov statement is inaccur . firstli , if the popul of the world continu to educ their children , or adult in mani subject then the world will have too mani peopl that know a littl bit about everyth and none that know accuratley and condensli about specif subject . if we take the case of jordan or saudi arabia , we find that the educ system ha prove to be less success than that in the west , name the a level , or igcs system . studi have shown that student tend to do badley when the educ system includ mani subject . the english system for exampl , ha prove quit successul . we find that student tend to choos subject of interest , and tend to focu quit well and progress flourishingli at univers sinc they focu all their effort at subject of interest and tend to excel . it ha also been proven that if a student enjoy a subject such as math they tend to do consider well , and may never excel in subject they dislik due to the left part of their brain work better . studi have shown that the human brain is split into to categori , the more creativ side , and the more mathemat side . it is upto the subject to excel those part of the brain more consider . secondli , if inde we broaden the knowledg of student into mani subject , we will find a lack in qualiti in nearli everyth . if we take the follow exampl , we find that in disciplin such as architectur , urban , or even medicin ; a need for an accumul time frame where constant knowledg is use to develop in such subject . if an architect , did not spend an approxim of ten year learn and master the topic , then the work will be far less than perfect . ofcors , it is alway use for one to learn more about other subject gener , howev it is import to relat them back to one disciplin to activ excel in a particular topic . thirdli , we find that at postgradu level , the reason the world is move forward and excel in term of technolog , scienc , and what have you , is due to research specif topic at a higher level . a phd professor spend all hi time focuss , and detail a singl topic for 3 to 11 year , and that is when the subject move beyond it tradit scope . we also find that respect institut have continu been re-inv new topic of educ such as human resours educ , and emot intellig . if we strive to learn all topic in their total , then we would lack suffici resourc to keep expand and creat new form of educ . in conclus , we find that one need to focu and free himself of extern factor in order to succeed in life . as illustr abov the definit of success is the amount of knowledg one ha gain in a particular topic to the degre where he ha creat and invent a new form of languag to offer back to the world . if we all attempt to learn about mani topic in gener , then we will loos the devot time to excel in just one . as mention , and support in the exampl abov , the art to master a topic is to devot much time to perfect the inform up to the final element . as the say goe : `` god is in the detail '' .