thi is the age of modern scienc and technolog . so there will be mani chang take place with in our world in the near futur . while some set of the student disagre with the given statement and other do not . i agre with the follow statement that `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' due to the follow reason . nowaday the popul is grow a bit faster than the past . due to thi growth of popul in a limit area like our earth , so there will be automat a rise in the use of vehicl for their transport . for exampl nowaday privaci is consid as the major element . due to thi reason peopl are prefer for buy car than use public transport like buse , taxi etc . the scientist are in search for possibl solut for solv these problem and also human are also concern about the grow pollut mainli smoke pollut . they were tri to reduc thi pollut and traffic problem by invent car which will not caus ani smoke pollut . for exampl , they invent some sort of hydrogen as fuel in place of petrol in order to reduc the smoke pollut . in order to reduc the traffic problem they are ought to invent space car which will pli in the air instead of on the road . thi will sure reduc the traffic jam . mainli peopl are concern about their health nowaday . they think that their health will get spoil if they are expos to such sort of pollut . so they are also in a great need to reduc pollut and traffic jam . so in the near futur there may not be ani car and there may be onli space car which will pli in the atmospher rather than on the road . and due to their great concern about their health they will prefer to walk and ride bicycl for reach their offic . for exampl , in develop countri like japan and china , peopl alreadi began to use bicycl and walk to reach their offic , school and ani other work they wanted to do . they believ that it not onli reduc the pollut and traffic jam but also make them healthi by reduc obes problem . from the discuss made in the passag , we can come to a conclus that there will be fewer car in use than there are today in twenti year .