i would disagre with the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their communti . to understand the question one need to understand what a commun is and how it ha undergon transit in today 's era of what we call a knowledg economy/societi . tradit commun ha been understood to be a close knit section of peopl who share similar cultur , ethnic , artist , lingust , religi or even polit sensibl . so we have commun base on religion , geographi and polit . tradtion interact within a commun wa more restrict to within itself and interact with the other wa not encourag which led to a close knit commun and encourag greater involv of commun in the nurtur of it young one and therefor had far more of their time . like the current american societi and the close amish societi , the amount of time spent by the commun on it young one vari greatli . with the advanc of technolgi , influenc were far more rampant and diffus of idea took place , reduc the hold of a commun on it member . also the advent of internet ha given birth to onlin communti with is often seen as a detach from the real world . these abov are often cite as reason for lesser involv by the younger gener , which is a wrong notion . becaus what is known as etho of a communt nevertheless pervad through it newer member , onli the mean of express chang . in india for instanc they say the younger gener no longer respect gandhian ideal , but if one look close at contemporari write and cinema , the ideal still remain there but the word have chang . as far as onlin commun goe , we have instanc of commun aris on the net in respons to certain crisi , like the iraq war or to protest against certain issu . so these commun becom a voic for the younger gener to be heard and make their contribut to their commun to accus the younger gener of be untru to their commun is a heresi becaus in a globalis world and with advent of post modernist philosophi increasingli pride is place on the smaller stori and celebr of divers is promot which compel individu to take pride in their commun and they becom repres of their commun to the larger audienc . today we have the young celebr their festiv with more gusto becaus they understand the mean behind it and becom the promot of their commun . as far as help out the commun that is understood as social work , i believ at no other time is histori wa more involv of the youth in ngo or cbo ( commun base organ ) . the idea express in youth lingo is that social work is `` cool '' and develop job of the youth especi in develop countri , for they the capabl to chang . i say that becaus i am a part of such group and we see the young come forward to help the commun , fight for the right of it and to chang previou wrong by mean of street play , protest , chain sm and email for instanc . univers educ and awar ha made the youth more cultur and environment sensit and so we see instanc of student organ at school and colleg work on social caus and even enter into polit . in view of abov idea and exampl i would reaffirm my view that today 's youth is more involv with hi communtiy and indentifi with it and is involv in help it progress .