is it better to travel with a tour ? i would have certainli answer ye to thi question a long time ago , howev i chang my mind complet . it all start five year ago when i organ a trip to europ with my best friend . first of all i 'll write about the disadvantag from my own point of view , and later on i will expos the advantag of a guid while you are travel . when travel with a tour guid you have almost everyth control , even the time for the bathroom . are those realli vacat ? certainli it is easier if you do n't know the place you are visit and your are not a risk taker person . he or she will take you to the most import sight of the place you are visit , but if you realli like a place , such as a littl town , a museum or plaza , you wo n't be abl to take your time and stay there . a bu will be wait for you , with peopl in it , also wait for you . what if you want to go back and buy that souvenir you left for the end of the visit ? well you are not go back becaus there is a schedul to respect in order to compli with it . i gue that the worst part of travel with a tour is the group . you might be lucki and be part of a veri fun group where all of the peopl ha more less the same interest . but , what happen if you are the younguest one in a tour where almost everybodi is in their 60 's ! that obvious will not be fun , or everyon is travel in coupl and you are alon , it will be more complic to make friend and hang out dure the day . anoth complic thing about tour is that gener , they stop in the most import place to visit , and there might also be magic littl town and spot that are worth visit . a tour is go to give you the gener idea of the countri you are visit , it will not take you to the local place where local peopl go . in the other hand , travel with a group can also be fun and can give solut to a lot of small plan problem that can be present when less expect . sometim , when you are travel by yourself you do n't spend too much time to eat , and a tour is contempl that time , special dure breakfast . also a tour is go to keep you veri well inform about histor passag and data that is alway use to know . addtion , there will alway be someon that can commun with local if you do n't speak their languag . if you are a precauti person , you will make some research about the peopl that will be also travel with you , becaus they are go to be your famili dure your stay . it will sure be fun if you take a trip with a tour where all of the tourist are your age . travel in a tour led by a guid can alway be fun if you keep in mind that you are not go to have complet control of the situat . mayb it 's the best option if your are travel to a veri differ countri like china or russia . howev , it is alway fun to be adventur and explor new thing by yourself . alway make a deep research of the place you are visit in order to avoid further complic . i certainli think that make a trip with or without a tourist guid is alway fun , it all depen on how well you want to spend your time and the disposit you have to make fiend and have fun .