in thi essay , i will explain whi i think that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . for thi , i will say that younger peopl benefit from a better physic and mental health in gener , then i 'll talk about the issu of the money and final i 'll talk about the free time for those two categori of peopl . first , it is well known that young peopl have a better health than older peopl . a good health allow someon to run , jump , make sever sport and also to have a better resist to alcool , ill or the need to sleep . thi is whi young peopl do much more sport and parti than when they becom old . after that , i 'd say that when we are young , we want to move , to travel or to tri new experi . as you 're old , you 've alreadi tri lot of thing , you may be less kind to tri new challeng becaus you feel that you may not be abl to do it . i sobserv it when i see my grandpar . they do n't move from their apart becaus they do n't have the courag to do so . some peopl can say that older person have more money , that 's whi they can do more thing . i total disagre whith that becaus some of them do n't use their money at all and stay at home all the day . other may travel , for exempl i have a grand mother who travel in india a few year ago . but it wa a well organ trip , the kind of trip where you alway stay with the same peopl sinc the departur at your airport . i do n't think that thi is the best way to discov and enjoy a new countri . gener , if they have money , they use it the wrong way . final , it is true that when you stop work , you have all the time you want to enjoy life but as i said befor , it is not what happen in most case , particulari after seventi year old . on the other hand , when you 're young , you studi or you start work . i think that thi is not whi you have less free time that you do n't use it well . and sometim i feel better be with my friend in a classroom than alon watch a movi for exempl . these are the reason whi i think that younger peopl enjoy life more than older peol do .