i think both have broad knowledg of mani academ subject and at the same time special in one specif subject is requir now a day to excel in thi world and to be ahead of other . for exampl if a person is suffer from heart attack then what would we do probabl , we will take him to heart surgeon inspit of a gener physcian , becaus if we take him there then he will need a lot of time to examin and to know what the problem is and by that time the patient will die . let me take anoth exampl , now day as we can see that the corpor sector is grow so fast that they need peopl who have special skill like for an instanc a compani requir a person who is skill in c , c++ then compani will not ask for peopl who are graduat in comput scienc onli but will see the peopl who ha the best skill and experi in that feild in these way special is requir in almost everi feild in thi world . on the other hand have broad knowledg of mani subject is also necessari for everi human be . sinc we can see that now day most of the student onli like comput relat subject and they know that they want to make carreer in that feild , and becaus of that they do not concentr on other subject for exampl histroy , mathemat etc . let me explain the draw back of not learn histroy . they dont know ani thing about there countri histroy in thi way they are get away from the cultur and tradiat valu of the countri and they should be made to learn about the tradit , cultur valu , histroy of the countri as it veri import for all the citizen of a countri to know about there countri histroy . when it come to math almost everi second student hate it but if they dont learn that , then they will be in seriou troubl in there life . mathemat is requir in almost everi part of day to day life , if you buy someth you should know about basic calcul of ad , multipli etc . if you dont know that then you are gone ani one can fool you . final to conclud both special and broad knowledg peopl are requir to make these world a better place to live .