it goe without say that young peopl are often consid as happi peopl , wherea an old person epitom the lack of energi , or even death . inde , young peopl stand for happi , they are often said to be veri carefre , they enjoy life . part of the reason is probabl becaus they are veri close to the outbreak of life , they repres life as such . on the contrari , old peopl remind us that life is short , they encapsul death , the diseas . they often have health problem , so that they are not consid as peopl who enjoy life , nowaday , when etern youth is extol in the media , as evidenc by the surg in aesthet surgeri over the past few year , which is a way for old peopl to keep look young . moreov , they have achiev everyth in their life , so one might assum they have no goal to reach anymor , they have no reason to keep aliv . for exampl , some research point out that it 's veri difficult for old peopl to find a job sinc the enterpris balk at hire them , peopl assum they are ineffici , or at least less effici than young peopl . on the contrari , young peopl are often dynam , they yearn for action , they are said to have a lot of activ , to be ambiti , unlik old peopl . howev , thi assert can be disparag as unduli pessimist , and not a jot wart and all . inde , thi vision of the issu is outright shallow , sinc there is a lot of activ for senior , they have accomplish everyth , they have work dure their whole life , so they consid their old day as the time when they final can relax , have a lot of leisur , do whatev they want becaus they do n't have to work anymor , they have a lot of free time , henc the surg in activ for old peopl , like sport , languag cours , etc . a lot of old peopl do a lot of activ with their grand children , they have a lot of time to spend with them . on the other hand , young peopl are in the outset of their life , insofar as they must worri about their futur , their job , etc. they are pressur into succeed in life , they have to work hard , and it 's a tremend obsess , that 's w they are probabl less carefre than old peopl .