i disagre with the statement made . although young peopl today seem to be self indulg , pretenti spoil brat , there are atleast some from thi gener who do believ in give back to the commun and do so in their own way . there are peopl in today day and age who actual care about the comman man and the commun as a whole and make it a point to contribut their part in tri to help their commun . all thi start in the home of the peopl . if the young peopl today have been brought up by their parent in a particular way , with a senc of realist toward the hardship of man and if the valu and habit of care have been instil in them sinc the begin the definit act on their impuls to help the commun and the peopl in them . for instanc , close to the area in which i stay there is a school for the mental challeng peopl suffer from differ and difficult problem . these peopl lead a mundan and commonplac life , in the school all day do what they do . some of the doctor in the facil thought that it would be a good idea to take these peopl out everyday atleast for some time , it might liven them up . but sinc the school wa short on staff they did not have anyon to take them out , addit the school could not afford to hire help as it wa run low on fund . still , they publish an advertis in the local paper which call upon young peopl to do their requir job for no pay at all . to the surpris of the school and the commun as a whole they got an overwhelm responc from genuin interest youngster to do the job . thi show the interest of the younger gener in the welfar of their commun . in anoth instanc , i also came accross a news paper articl regard a common problem face by a commun in a neighbour town which wa solv by the local youngster . the problem they were face wa of improp collect and dispos of garbag in a particular area . the peopl were realli annoy and even with repeat complaint to the local municip corpor they were left without assist . final , a group of youngster took the lead in thi matter and with in a week time the situat wa resolv by mean of thorough plan and execut of their plan to allevi the situat . thu the peopl of their commun were rescu from their plight by the younger gener itself . thu , although today cinema and media undermin the youth for it lack of concern for the commun well be , there are young peopl who are genuinli interest in help their commun as can be infer from abov exampl .