in a modern societi , peopl alway face the dilemma of whether have broad knowledg of mani academ subject is better than have special knowledg in one specif subject . thi question is such a much-deb one that it affect almost everyon in hi or her daili life and deserv some close examin . as far as i am concern , i vote for the former , which mean i do agre with thi statement . among variou reason that support my choic stanc is that have broad knowledg can make you more attract , can provid more oppotun for you career , and can make your life more interest . basic to ani understand of reason prefer have broad knowledg is that it can make you more attract . if you are knowledg in mani academ subject , you can share more inform with your friend and peopl arround you . for instanc , i have a friend who ha deep understand in mani field , such as histori , mathemat , music , and even cook . i like talk to him , becaus i can learn much from him . that 's whi , in my opinion , broad knowledg can make one attract . moreov , have broad knowledg can provid more oppotun for you career . you have more choic . a persuas exampl is that one of classmat ha got an exel job besid her major . she ha both strong knowledg in both industri engin , which is her major , and softwar design . eventu , she got the job as a programm , which provid a decent salari . we are all admir her now . therefor , if you have broad knowledg , you have more oppotun for you career . furthermor , you can live better base on the broad knowledg . besid , the further reason , not the last , whi arge with thi statement is that it can make your life more interest . in fact , my father is just the person who ha broad knowledg . in hi spare time , he play tenni , translat germani literatur , and design mechan equip . hi life is color . as a proverb say , `` variou knowledag can make a person rich . '' in today 's world , have broad knowledg doe give you incred experi and make you a rich mind person . it is obvious that onli these three reason can make everyon draw the conclus that , not to mention there are more reason that account for my propens for it . in summari , from what we have discuss abov , we can safe come to the conclus that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject and i agre with thi statement . anyway , it is confin to me ; differ person may have differ choic accrod to their own person and fond .