for write a comment on a statement it is essenti that we provid a descript of the actual situat first . at thi time the automot industri is one of the biggest industri in the world , combin a great number of global lead compani like toyota , daimler-chrysl and bmw . the sale figur for car are still rise , especi in emerg market like china and india and the forecast until the next decad do not suggest a shift in thi trend . thi extrem market growth is the problem for the sever problem we are face today . car are one of the main reason for the air pollut in citi and metropolitan area , infrastructur project for car destroy enorm amount of natur environ and becaus the car is a vehicl for the individu transport of peopl , it is not abl to deal with the more rapidli increas world popul . newest trend in the sector tri to establish altern fuel technolog like hybrid technolog or fuel cell to decreas the amount of emiss a car produc and to give the custom a chanc to be independ from high ga price . in the u.s. the toyota priu is sell excel and thi ha got one main reason : the peopl do not want to use public transport and favor individu transport method . thi reason is the basement of my person opinion , that there will not be a signific decreas in the number of use car in twenti year . no govern would accept a develop where the veri costli infrastructur for car get useless . modern and fast public transport system are rare and mostli to be find on railway ( ice , tgv , etc. ) , but the accid of the transrapid recent show that the technolog of these new rail-transport method is unsaf and not capabl of be introduc wide in the world . instead the car will evolv in a way , which will make it suitabl for the condit it will face in the near futur . the electron assist within the car will be 100 percent respons for the drive and the car will be navig on the motorway by satellit . thi electron guid traffic will allow to reduc the space between the differ car , provid higher averag speed and make it so possibl to use the infrastructur at the most effici way . so there will not be a signific chang in the number of car within the next twenti year , but the car as a transport vehicl will definetli redefin itself in the near futur .