i agre with the statement that the young peopl recent do not spend enough time on help their societi . becaus of that fact , mani older adult complaint about the lack of vounteer activ of young gener into the societi . howev , young peopl have sever crucial reason for that . i can point out two main reason for thi situat : absolut lack of time given to young peopl for help commun and enhanc statu of commun compar to the previou . first , there is no enough time given to young peopl for help the commun becaus of do other import thing . these day , the competit for the job and money between young peopl are get more sever and complic . as the certain prefer job among young peopl are limit and mani young peopl want to achiev it , they realli need to satisfi variou requir request by the compani . for exampl , as the societi is get enlarg to the global world , the fluenci in other languag are critic . thi make young peopl to go abroad for certain period to studi other languag and broaden their view . howev , thi usual cost a lot for the young peopl to afford which make them to work mani hour concurr in their youth . other gener requir for young peopl from the compani is to have a experi of internship in a big compani prior to enter their compani . so , they need to prepar for the applic and interview for that . all these requir forc young peopl to work on mani thing dure their youth . therefor , in order to success achiev their goal , they will not have enough time to volunt for the commun . second , the statu of the commun becom much better and enhanc compar to the previou period which all the citizen need to particip on develop commun . if our commun ha been struggl in to the sever problem such as the long-last drought , wide spread of contagi diseas among peopl , or extrem overpopul of abandon elder and orphan , young peopl would be will to particip to make the cummun better . howev , the current cummun doe not seem to requir all young peopl to particip in make a better commun . it look like it can be achiev through the help of young peopl who have enough time and older peopl who can be activ involv in commun base on their matur and variou experi .