advertis in the age of global peopl today face with a stark choic : trust in advertis or not . i argu that most advertis make product seem better than they realli are . there are two reason relat to global : first , we live in the age of consumpt cultur and second , advertis compani can earn money onli if they make product seem better . first , we can not deni the fact that global effect the whole world . a product goe through differ stage befor it arriv to the consum . the owner of the mean of product - the capitalist - do need subject who would consum those product . the capitalist make some arrang with the advertis compani so that their product appeal peopl . to get an attract , those compani make product seem better . for examl , if you want to buy a watch , you may look at the advertis and decid accordingli . you would look at the shape and the color of the watch as repres in the advertis , and then think about it . later , you may come up with the idea that you want to buy thi watch . howev , if you go to a watch store , you may be veri disappoint in the sens that the watch you saw on the advertis may be veri differ than the one you saw in the store ! the color or the qualiti may chang . as i mention befor , advertis make product seem better so that peopl buy it . second , sinc global ensur surviv for the one who have money , an advertis compani should earn money to continu to do busi . i agre with thi fact , so it make sens if they make product seem better . the capitalist would choos a compani which repres the product in the best possibl way . so , the advertis compani would tri to do their best in order to get the job . moreov , onc peopl begin to buy item they see on the advertis , the compani would be famou and work with mani other capitalist . to clarifi , everi capitalist would like to be in collabor with the most popular advertis compani . to sum up , in the light of the factor i mention abov , it can be said that advertis compani do whatev the age of global requir . the fact that it work through the consumpt cultur and it allow a compani to surviv onli if it earn money , advertis make product seem better . we should keep in mind that as long as we experi global , we have to accept the advertis as they are .