the purpos of advertis a product is to make it known to the public , to claim it benefit and to induc potenti custom to buy the product . advertis come in differ form and through differ media : tv , radio , internet , poster on street , display in store and hand-out in public space . furthermor , advertis can be target to a specif group of peopl ( women , children , elderli ) or can interest the entir popul . whatev the mean of the advertis , an ad want to convey a certain imag and to convinc peopl through wise usag of color , word , shape , size and peopl use in the ad . with my definit of advertis , i agre with the statement say that `` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are '' . advertis usual onli display the advantag and upsid of a product or servic , and do not show it flaw . even if the product or servic doe not have ani fault , it will mo probabl be shown in it best or even enhanc light in the ad . an exampl that i often encount is advertis for low cost flight . web-sit and and airlin compani often advertis veri low flight ticket price . howev , the price is never what it is claim to be . the price advertis alway omit fuel and tax surcharg , are restrict to specif date - on which most peopl do not wish to fli , and often do not allow passeng to travel with luggag without extra cost . so even though low cost ticket may seem attract , they often end up cost the same amount of money as other ticket onc everyth is paid for . anoth good exampl constitut fad diet . fad diet are popular diet , follow by mani men and women in the us , and are usual advertis through book , tv ad and internet pop-up . fad diet show healthi and smile peopl eat whatev the diet prescrib and lose weight over short period of time . the ad howev do not describ how difficult it actual is to follow that diet , how pain it may be and how easi it is to re-gain the weight just lost . they do not either display how expens the diet is and often do not warn od secondari effect , such as depress , self-imag troubl and eat disord . consequenti , i concur that advertis are mislead and do not convey the real valu of the product or servic advertis . even though there is an increas number of regul to stop advertis from lie in ad , custom keep on be lur by the shine imag that ad give of certain product .