do you like lie on the long long beach in harwaii ? do you prefer to stay at home to work or go shop without suffer from the traffic jam or the seriou weather ? the answer of cours is ye . those , to some extent , demonstr kind of life style of the current young peopl . therefor , i definit agre that young peopl enjoy life more than older one do . whi do young peopl are more like to enjoy life than old one ? in my opinion , a larg number of factor contribut to thi phenomenon such as econom level , scienc and technolgi develop , cultur factor , or some social condit . econom condit is the basic root that provid the basi for young peopl that they can enjoy life sinc it is not necessari for young peopl to work as hard as their parent did becaus surviv is never an issu for them . as a result , they do not spend more time meet physiolog and safeti need which are first two basic person requir propos by maslow . therefor , unlik their parent or grandpar , young peopl logic spend more time to continu to purs some higher level of person need such as love and self-achiev requir . thi process is just one of young peopl to enjoy life . thank for the advanc of scienc and technolog , the young peopl have hardwar to support them to enjoy life more than old one . due to the internet develop , an increas number of soho ( small offic home offic , that mean peopl can work at home ) appear among young peopl . they can comfort sit in front of comput to work or studi without travel to the offic or univeris . in addit , they can go shop , see the doctor or commun with other through network . of cours , they can organ their own time effici so they can do what they want to do in a flexibl timetalb . compar with the old one , who have to suffer from dirti air or noisi work environ , young peopl can not onli finish their work , but also in a comfort way . to sum up , it is reason to conclud that young peopl have more opportun than the old one to enjoy life due to the advanc scienc and technolog , improv econom level as well as some chang cultur idea .