how much peopl enjoy life depend on mani factor . age mayb one of them . but is it a decis factor that can entitl young peopl to enjoy life and older peopl not ? typic young peopl appear to be more energet , situt that is normal refer to as `` be full of life '' . i agre with thi affirm but onli in some extent . for exampl , most of young peopl do not have the amount of respons that older peopl have like children or a job from which susbsist of your famili depend on . furthermor , older peopl tend to have mental burden that come from decis made in the past that are not satisfi their current expect . these burden can bitter a person and made him or her lose the sens of life enjoy . on the other side , i agre with the statement that life enjoy is not relat to age . i have a good person exampl to support thi point . my mother wa a person use to work dure her entir life . she work from 7am to 5pm and even she brought work at home . thi sedentari life caus her health problem , like hypersens to weather chang ( she got a flu pretti easili ) and start to get fatter . thi situat basic depriv her from enjoy life . she look alway sad and bitter and she start to seek a way to reliev watch tv , which in turn kept her away from friend and famili avoid her enjoy of her person relationship . three year ago , she start to go to a danc group in a local gym where she found herself comfort and truli anim . right now , she danc everi day . her health ha improv consider , hi person and social life ha amelior to the point that now she is a differ woman , one more confid that look alway happi . in the same way , anoth exampl is my friend carlo . he is veri young . howev , five year ago he miss the opportun to studi a doctor program in the us becaus he had person problem with and ex girl friend . he wa alreadi studi the program , then he had to drop out univers . sinc then , he doe not forgiv himself from thi situat and constantli look sad and depress . base on the reason and exampl provid i have to disagre with the statement present . i think that the mental and emot framework in which peopl base their action determin how much they enjoy life regarless their age .