i disagre with thi statement . i rather think that there is no differ in intens of enjoy life but in the way of express due to biolog caus of age . one might come to the conclus that younger peopl enjoy life more becaus they are more social visibl at the beach , in danc hall , outsid do sport , fall in love , engag in modern trend and so on and so forth . one might think , the world is open for them and warmli welcom them in contrast to older peopl who are just sit at home think about the past and onli wait for their end while the world 's door ha been close befor them for age alreadi . in a certain way , the first part is true . older peopl , with except , simpli are physic unabl to do all the thing younger peopl do and more often stay at home . and , take thi fact into consider , older peopl must care for their health more intens to be abl to take part in allday life which lead to the fact that they are recognis by societi mostli in associ with health care and nurs home . but thi is onli a matter of percept , and it will probabl chang in the futur . the given statement is not about the way of express the joy of life but rather about the individu experi of joy . older peopl simpli do other thing than younger one to make their life enjoy . even if their tought might go back to the past most of the time it would be just normal sinc they have wit and experienc more thing than younger peopl . and , of cours , to examin and assess today 's event one mostli compar them with thing that one ha wit in the past . but apart from that , older peopl , for instanc my own grandmoth who wa a children doctor throughout her life , now travel around the world at the age of over 77 , goe to classic music concert and meet her friend . and she is still veri capabl both mental and intellectu . in conclus , i think that it is mere a matter of percept . and sinc western industrialis societi are get older and older in term of their popul thi quit popular statement will be heard less and less , on the one side sinc there are simpli more older peopl and , secondli , becaus health care develop further invent more and better medica and therapi etc . henc more and more older peopl can still take part in the outsid social life which nowaday may be seen as reserv exclus for the younger one .