ye , i agre with the given statement that `` young peopl enjoy life more than the older peopl do '' . i justifi thi by give and exampl relat to health , patienc and etc . . young peopl can play mani sport , eat well , that the time to them to enjoy . but the older can not do that . old peopl like be decent and calm dure their age . that obvious their natur becaus by that age everi bodi will loos their patienc and energi and want to lead a peac life . and they are the who experienc everi thing and they know what good and what bad and what to do and what what not to do . and they will be veri care while they are do some thing . but com to the young peopl it time for them to enjoy , they have to tast everi thing in their life . even it may be with their friend , in the techin section , and for the young peopl have their own idea and their own way of enjoy . after they do what they want to do they will be recognis the posit and neg from what they have done and gain certain knowledg by their own . if the older one restrict them to do someth then they will feel some bad about them . if they know what bad and what good by their own practic then they will take care of that incid or situiat in futur . if , there is ani festiv at our hous the older peopl doesn , t come forward to enjoy , but the younger one will be veri much interst in do and enjoy . the thing the older peopl and younger peopl differ in enjoy is depend upon their experi and also it depend upon their mental . for the older peopl there will be some restrict for each and everi thing . for exampl that the older one can not enjoy with hi friend by go out and parti . becaus he will be in such a posit that it will ristrict him but the younger one doesnt . he sure and definetli go out with hi friend and enjoy alot and parti . as the coin ha two side , we can support onli one person that he is right and he is worng . it mainli depend on their mental also . some young peopl may not enjoy everyth and the older one may not restrict everyth . some may differ but moreov , most of the young peopl will prefer to enjoy everi movement in life rather than the old peopl .