`` young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . '' i disagre to thi statement becaus of the follow reason . first , there is a problem in defin the term `` enough time '' . it remain unclear how much time ani given person should spend help the commun . furthermor , who decid what is help to the commun ? which thing that have to be done in a commun should be done by volunt and which should be done by profession ? these question aris when accus young peopl of not spend enough time help their commun . apart from these terminolog problem , there are so mani young peopl do voluntari work for the commun . i experi that they spend their time work for the red cross , help at home look after elder famili member , get involv with the scout or at church . these are just exampl of the mani place in a commun where you easili find young peopl help the societi . the impress that young peopl nowaday do not help the commun can aris , becaus today , a lot is expect of the young : dure the morn , they are at school . in the afternoon and at night they are busi do their homework , have a job to earn extra money or they have hobbi ( e.g. sport or music ) . due to global , competit between young peopl ha becom more . they have to work harder in order to be prepar for their futur . nowaday , in a lot of profess , one doe not onli have to compet with peopl from one 's own countri , but with peopl world-wid . modern mean of commun and transport have made the world a veri fast-pac and competet place . in order to be abl to compet , young peopl nowaday have to be succsess in a lot of area : school ( to acquir knowledg ) , hobbi ( to show divers interest ) , job ( to earn extra money ) , and commun work ( to help the commun where they live ) . as shown in thi text , i disagre with the hypothesi given . first , there are problem with the definit and quantif of `` help '' and `` engough time '' . second , there are so mani young peopl who work for the commun . third , young peopl have to prepar their own person futur . did young peopl in former time spend more time to help their commun ?