i do not agre with thi statement . i believ that young peopl enjoy life , but i do n't think that young peopl enjoy life more that older do . i am 26 year old , i should support the idea that young peopl enjoy life more that older peopl do . howev , in my person experi i have an exampl that show that there is one factor , that indipend from the age can make peopl enjoy life . thi factor is in the spirit of the peopl that make peopl enjoy the life in everi age . my grand father told me `` keep your spirit young , joy , and be passion about learn and listen new thing and you will be young in the spirit and you will enjoy life forev '' . i believ that thi is the real key to be happi and enjoy the life in an young age , but continu to enjoy it in an older age . befor i mention my grand father . well , he hi the person that had a great influenc in my life and chang my point of view to see life and to enjoy it . he wa 93 year old . i use to call him the older young boy . so , he had an interest life . first , he fight in the first war , he wa an italian spie for the italian govern , when the itali fight the first war world . in addit , he save mani peopl that were readi to be kill in germani in the secon world war . he knew ten differ languag and he travel in all the world . howev , he wa a simpl man , humbl in the spirit , alway readi to listen young and older peopl . i ha a wonder memori . i remeb , when i wa child he wa show me the earth , and he use to tell me , raffael , be simpl like the earth and be alway readi to learn new thing becasu thi will be the medicin that will keep you young and will give you the elisir to enjoy life . thi exampl , show how an old person could enjoy life , without be young , becaus it wa the strenght in hi heart . the light of life in hi soul that made him enjoy life . today i live in a difficolt world were young peopl tri to enjoy life with drug and other illunari ideal . in conclus , mani time i think about my older grand father and i tri to fallow hi advic . i hope so !