i total agre with peopl who have broad knowledg of mani academ subject , becaus there are some reason whi it is better than to special in one specif subject . for exampl , it is concern with poepl 's abil to studi , peopl 's curios , and peopl 's effort . it seem strang , but there are special reason , so i ca n't never disagre with thi . first of all , peopl have an infinit abil to do someth , especi in thi case about studi . in the earth , onli peopl have such a power and incred abil to improv themselv . onc peopl concentr on studi some subject , most peopl are more interest in it , and also they even get interest other subject that are relat to their studi . therefor , it is entir good for peopl to improv their interest and approach them a lot . i think know mani academ subject are better than just know one specif subject , becaus we can research by a lot of differ side . second , almost all of the peopl have much curios about a lot of topic , so in the point that peopl want to studi more and more , we should not bother their mind , but we had better make peopl who want to studi mani academ subject freeli . if we interrupt them , they ca n't touch their strong desir . final , peopl can make everi effort to do anyth , so peopl 's hope of have broad knowledg is neccesarri . if peopl do n't have ani hope and motiv to do someth , they ca n't improv ani more . in addit , if those peopl are stop studi a lot of academ subject , they ca n't grow and their effort becom wast of time . also , they realli want to do that , we ca n't order them to give up becaus if they stop make a lot of effort , they will have noth special and they ca n't imag their higher motiv . even if peopl have too broad knowledg of mani academ subject , their knowledg will never becom vain . thu , i can realli agre with have broad knowledg of mani academ subject becaus peopl should improv their abil to astudi a lot , it is veri nice for peopl to have a lot of curios to studi a lot , and it is not wast of knowledg becaus of their effort , so i think have broad knowledg of a lot of sunject is so instruct for peopl to live in the world .