advertis ha becom one of the most import busi in today 's societi . media are alway keen on give detail about the budget thi or that compani ha spent on ad , wether in the newspap , on televis , on radio . now , the question is : are most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are ? in other word , are most advertis mislead up to the point that we , as consum , are fool about the actual qualiti of the product ? thi question can not be answer in a rationn , or scientif manner , for the simpl reason that all product would need to be test by a panel in order to evalu the discrep between the concept of the product brought by the advertis and the perceiv qualiti . nonetheless , we can tri to point out some idea base on exampl . the purpos of an advertis is to make peopl buy the product . thi trivial statement impli anoth trivial : the messag use in the advertis ha to be emphat , it ha to praiz the qualiti of the product and highlight the characterist that make it differ from it concurr . most wash powder have no choic but to state they can wash the nastiest kind of stain you could ever find on your shirt . thi is a classic exampl of mislead advertis , and we all have experienc the stain that is not remov by the magic powder we saw on televison . most advertis praiz an technic breakthrough should be consid precauci . now with the develop of new technolog , and with the dramat chang the world ha wit in the past centuri , there are two main point to be made in order to nuanc thi too affirm statement . consider progress ha been made in the field of advertis . now , some ad do not even show the product they are sell . some other use humour . by use differ mean of deliv the messag , these ad are more like to touch their target , and they could not even be accus of be mislead , becaus you were not shown the product , or not in it normal usag . it would be an advertis for a car which is shown 2 second at the end . for exampl . final , the sensibl of the consum can not be exclud from the evalu of the advertis . what can seem to be emphat to some , can look bore to other . show a group of monkey to sell a wash powder , the consum 's respons might vari to great extent . thi is an actual add . advertis will remain , one should evalu it with it one feel .