teenag have alway been the hope and the backbon of our societi . just like the relationship between teacher and student , teenag bare the burden of achiev greater success than their parent . but doe thi mean that the older gener 's live are easier and happier than young peopl ? no , i neither agre or disagre that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . first , we will talk about young peopl . nowaday , young peopl are the represent of our fast-chang societi . to most of them , life is a tideou fact which they can not escap . face with larg amount of academ studi in school , famili pressur such as not fulfil their deman to achiev good mark at school , and also famili violenc and the possibiliy of loos a father or mother from a earli divorc . young peopl today are also threaten with the corrupt of our societi . our media influenc our young mind with movi , music , news and advertis . and what do young peopl learn from them ? violenc , sex , dishonest , and mani more unvirt thing . a great exampl would be the increas number of young gang member in our sociey . mani of them were born and rais just like ani other children , but the moment they turn on the 50 cent rap song , they are addict . addict not onli by the beat of the music , but also corrupt by it content . mani of them began to immit certain celebrati they ador without realiz whether the thing they learn from these so-cal `` artist '' are teach them . some of them might even start walk the road toward crime . so can we say that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do ? i do n't think so . on the other hand , the older gener face new problem too . today , we live in a world with littl or no moral contious . in countir such as china , the old confucian which bind the tradit way of life is disappear . children do not respect the elder no more , they can argu with rude , they can have sex befor they get marri , they can smoke in school , they can dress themselv like whore and crimin . although our govern have fund for the old peopl when they retir , but that 's not what old peopl realli want . most old peopl have experienc wealth , fame and love , they do not need eleg hous and expens car . they just need a good physic and mental health . and despit the littl amount of money for ani old person to live other than the medic fee , what they need is love , love and care from their kid . statist have shown that a lot of old peopl die of lonely and frustrat other than physic ill . all that said , do older peopl live better live than young peopl ? i think neither . final , i conclud that neither young or old peopl have enjoy life more . the young troubl with pressur within themselv , they are face with social and famili pressur . the old are left alon and isol from the rest of the societi as if they are useless . to improv the situat , i think the onli solut is instead of wealth and fame , peopl should pay more attent to moral principl .