i strongli disagre with the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . i maintain thi stanc on thi issu sinc i have variou exampl that prove that young peopl give the same , if not more , time to help their commun . firstli , i would like to draw attent to a recent happen in india . the govern wa on the verg of pass a bill in the parliament that ensur a reserv for the so call `` lower cast '' in esteem institut of higher studi . there wa a hue and cri from all section of the societi but no one actual step forward to oppos thi move of the govern . look at the view of the major of the societi ( which includ minor ) that reserv divid peopl , the student of aiim ( a reput medic colleg in new delhi ) join hand to oppos thi `` social detriment '' step . later , thi movement culmin into a nation wide student ralli that had posit effect with the govern final relent . the point is that these day the younger gener is more awar of it right and ha a keener sens of what is right and what is wrong than the younger gener ofth past . secondli , there wa a case where some student from the indian institut of technolog who despit have an assur futur in the technolog field , shun their highli paid job onli to lay the foundat of a polit parti aim at the elimin of corrupt from the societi in india . do such case show that the younger gener do not care for their commun ? convers , do they not show an extrem love toward their commun ? i say they sure do . besid all these specif case i have one exampl from my own life where the children of our citi join hand to prevent the pollut of natur resourc . all these children abstain from use motor bike ( prefer cycl ) and refrain from celebr indian festiv with cracker sinc they pollut a lot . they are also involv in spread an awar program to protect the lake of our citi ( bhopal , madhya pradesh . india ) . uch act depict that the younger gener is matur enough to think and feel for the commun . if we look around , we have variou instanc all over the world where the younger gener ha realli overtaken the ` adult ' world in tri to improv our commun . from spread awar against diseas to provid free tuition class and commun servic in free for all school , the younger gener ha realli open it eye and is sure aim at make the earth a better `` commun '' to live in .