mani differ approach are use in the educ system of an educ commun . mainli ; two type of approach emerg in a school curricula ; one is practic applic of issu which profoundli depend on the understand of the idea and concept ; the other one is undoubtedli the theoret approach which focus on the mere comprehend of the fact and detail . as far as i am concern and as be a student for a consider amount of my life-tim ; i am a propon of the practic approach and think that school must pay attent to teach idea and concept and should provid each student a broad vision to comprehend them throughli . there are a number of import reason i can settl down about the benefici point of the practic approach ; mean ; procur student with the idea and concept . the main advantag that may come along with such an attitud in an educ system is the fact that student can learn how variou peopl applied-otherwis say practic - the fact . they are not onli feed with raw materi ; but ; also applic of the fact ; their process form is also given to them . dure a school life ; a student may not valu the import of the fact learn . and ; thi wa what exactli happen to me and my classmat in the philosophi class in the lyce . i have alway consid that class as a base one to understand the veri basic of scienc as it teach to think in both quantit manner and also abstract way . but ; i have graduat from lyce be devoid of have the abil in pholosoph think . becaus ; our teacher would talk about the fact all the time . for exampl ; when she talk about the evolut of the world and the fact relat to it ; she never touch to the variou idea propos by celebr philosoph such as sokrat and platon . as a virtu of our teacher `` s educ approach ; we learn to memor the fact ; furthermor deni accept on think on further idea or concept . to sum up and to cut the stori short ; it is much more import and further benefici to make student learn the idea and concept which are the applic of variou fact sole or in combin with other fact . it is true that we can not deni the import of fact as they highli depend on the fact . evalu and valid of an idea relat to a fact may further make it possibl for a student to develop hi or her own idea .