contrari as it might sound there are a number of reason and phenomena that are happen around the world that may indic the number of car in use will drop in the next twenti year . thi may sound counterintut as the automobil market is boom and car sale are higher than ever befor . howev a closer look at the issu reveal a slightli differ pictur . firstli there is the global oil crisi that ha affect almost everi nook and cranni of the world . in most countri it ha becom exorbit to fuel a car that is be use regularli . gener environment awar level are also go up . now more than ever befor peopl world over are realis how much automobil exhaust is pollut the atmospher . thi in addit to oil shortag will eventu discourag peopl from invest in car . furthermor miner resourc and metal mine are not endless . veri soon they will run out at the current rate of utilis . onc thi happen the prize of car will sky rocket . so far there have been veri few car that effect run on non-pollut safe energi . even the few that have develop have not manag to captur the gener market . secondli most countri are go to great length to develop effici , and fast public transport system . in addit most citi are expand . as the citi limit becom larger and larger peopl have to commut greater distanc to get to the destin of their choic . thu as public transport system becom better and more widespread peopl will soon realis that it is definit more econom to switch to public transport rather than to use car . lastli anoth global probl , seemingli mundan but actual crucial is the increas in incid of road congest and the lack of park space . most citi now day suffer from terribl and atroci traffic jam which uneccesarili wast time . even if you escap a traffic jam you may have to go to elabor length to find a free park spot . in conclus it can be seen that eventu all of the abov factor , to vari extent will discourag peopl from buy more car . thu as older car slowli fall into disus the number of car total in use will go down in the next twenti year .