there ha been a wide discuss about the behavior of young peopl dure the last year . one of the critic point often provid by peopl is that nowaday more and more young peopl stop to spend free time for commun activi . befor i point out my person opinion to thi statement i would like to have a look at the overal situat in my countri and beyond refer youth do commun work . in germani it ha never been veri common to do commun support activ . sinc the state with it highli develop welfar system took over most of the task , youth were n't that much demand to do voluntari commun work . i know that we can find differ situat in other countri . for instanc , in the usa , if one want to studi at a good univers as harvard or princeton , next to your good grade you should also show some evid that you have carri out some commun work . also in east germani befor the unif it wa common that group of young peopl help out the commun in for exampl provid recycl station , newspap servic . children and young peopl even help out on the field of the nation own farm . although these task were n't often made voluntari , it increas the feel of the youth to be connect to it commun and help each other . nowaday i think that the feel for the need of commun work more and more disappear . among young peopl it is even a reason to be kick out of a group when one is do commun work . it 's not fanci enough . the feel that everyon ha to care for himself is spread around . noon care about other person due to individualist behavior pattern of the 21st centuri . sometim it is the case that even neighbor do n't know each other and therefor would never come up with the idea to help each other . but thi is not a `` young peopl '' problem . if the parent do n't live a life where help other person is a part of , how can their children learn that it is import to spend some of their free time with commun work ? additin young peopl today can do so much more thing . whi do commun work in group when sit in front of the televis or play a video game is so much easier and more comfort ? therefor i agre with the statement abov . reason for it can be found in mani area but the most import one i think is the tendenc of the societi to stay for oneself and do n't care about other .