when it come to the pattern of the travel , some peopl will hold that the best way is in a group led by a tour guid . while other believ that peopl with friend or travel alon , the rout and the time are decid by themselv complet . differ peopl will be for the differ pattern , depend on their person expienc , emot concern , educ background and so on . there is no definit answer . as far as i 'm concern , i perfer the former . then i will explain the reason below . firstli , a travel in a group led by a tour guid will save a lot of money. a month ago , i decid to travel to hk , the first stratag is fli to hk alon , i find out the doubl airfe is 4000 yuan , the 3 day 's fee on hotel is about 2000 yuan , in total , it will cost 8000 yuan is thi travel . the other stratag is enrol in a group led by a tour guid , the total cost , includ the airfe , the hotl fee and the pay for the guider , is onli 3000 . it is a so simpl math question for me to answer . as you kown , i make my decis easili . the latter . secondli , for me , a travel mean make differ friend form differ care , differ state , differ countri , with variou person , it also will help us to open our eye , enbroad our field , enjoy the life from differ view . in a group , you will obtain diffent even novel opinion from the member of group , when you come fonfront the difficulti , other member will give you help . trueli , to commun with differ guy is an funni and enjoy for us . thirdli , the guid will help us learn mani kownledg of the new citi , new senc , he/sh will explain care the stori , the histrial knowleg , which will help us to understand the new place more deepli and complet . in expienc , i have visit su zhou twice , the first i feel the citi is just so so becaus i go there alon , i ca n't feel the citi is beauti . while second time , i am guid by a guider , he explian my stori about the citi , i am so surpri that i find thi is a mairl citi . in short , i favor the travel in a group led by a tour guid , becaus it will help us make more friend , hcommun , enbroad our field .