i disagre with the statement that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . i think thi is a misconcept aris due to the outdat view on how a commun is defin and also the way to help the commun . the complaint seem to be that the youth are so self-indulg and selfish in pursu their own career goal and ambit that they do not devot enough time to commun . but we must recogn that the individu is the basic unit of societi . so if the individu doe someth to improv hi or her qualiti of life , the overal averag qualiti of life of the commun increars . in turn such peopl also inspir other peopl to better their live and start a progress trend . it is a situat similar to say a scientist isol himself from societi to excel in hi invent , but then the fruit of innov are share by all . a more seriou aspect of thi complaint can be the suppos indiffer of the youth toward their commun . thi complaint also ha root in how do we defin the commun tradit . in today 's ever shrink world where more and more peopl of differ commun come togeth and work , the youth seem to be embrac a larger commun , and their commit to thi emerg but broader commun might seem to affect their contribut toward their local commun . again , i would argu that if the youth are work toward some greater common good then that is bound to benefit all in the long run . anoth point i would like to make is that if the young peopl devot rel more time toward their self develop , they will be more stabl and more capabl of help back the commun . basic they would be abl to help the commun ina better way and even in more impact way . for exampl , mani institut benefit from the fund and project that their alumni bring back to their alma-mat . the real problem can be when the young peopl are not do someth construct and product . we definit need to guard against such apathi toward oneself and henc the societi . but thi maladi doe not restrict itself to young peopl onli and henc it would be wrong to blame onli the young for such behavior . in fact , i think that young peopl are more enthusiast and less cynic than most of the older gener . in summari , i would assert that an individu is the basic unit of societi . as long the individu is involv in someth that is construct or benefici to at least the person himself , the overal commun is bound to get the benefit sooner or later , not neccesarili in explicit term but in more subtl and impact way .