chanc opon thi issu remind me of a literari charact that we are all probabl familiar with ; privat quelch , in the short stori ` the man who knew too much ' . a character that epitom the issu at hand for privat quelch wa an over-knowledg armi serviceman who found himself in dire situat becaus of hi blatant exhibit of that knowledg . the stori potray to us what becom of a man wih too much knowledg but hardli ani concept of how to use it . quelch found that he alway drag himself too deep into unpleas situat , pompous arm with just hi knowledg . it is of no doubt then that i complet agre with the idea that it is vital for us to understand idea and concept than it is to mere mug fact . be in the third year of engin , i have million of firm reason to believ that plain bookish knowledg can onli get us so far . after that it is the clariti that we have in our concept and our develop understand that help us proceed . and when it come to student , boy , they sure need to have thier fundament clear and precis ! a student who just mug up book , and mere ` vomit out ' all the store inform onto hi paper , might do well in a few case , but when it come to higher learn , the student will need to adapt to understand or hi knowledg is simpli wast . question of applic can never be answer by such a student . learn fact is probabl what would be benefici to student in a gener knowledg quiz , but it is defint not someth that should be complet overlook . after all , what good are concept when one simpli can not rememb the fact they were made to explain ? can a student ace hi exam by just keep hi concept crystal clear ? will he not need some fact hidden in the recess of hi brain o refer in differ circumst ? fact like formula , valu , constant and except . he will most certainli need those fact to help with hi everyday studi . nowaday , even the internet provid student with an unlimit resourc of inform . it is upto the student then , to properli sift through all that immeasur amount of knowledg , and extract concept and maerial that is actual practic for him or her to know . so what a student should not do , is to mechan rote subject . he 'll never reach too far if he doe onli that . he should have an appropri combin of fact and fundament , with idea and fundament take much higher prioriti . trivial fact can mostli be refer from ready-reckon while other may need to be store in our brain . henc , the adag ` knowledg is power ' is hardli true . wisdom of how to appli that knowledg correctli , is probabl what power mostli compris of . we might all end up like privat quelch otherwis !