ye . i do agre with thi statement . and the follow explan shall justifi my stand . let us take a quick look at our past . ancient sociti took good care of thier commun . they were forum , sociti , co-op run by th peopl , for the peopl . and what astonish me is that even then they were run by the youth . and they had no financi incent behind it . they did it out of the good of their heart . and while thi doe sound a littl too model for today 's youth we must realiz that therein lie the flaw . today it all about money and a caus . the caus that the we provid doe n't cut it . the youth is seen vandal the citi . public properti is be abus and degarg as we speak . disrespect is the order of the day . and while a few benevol individu come togeth to opps thi , they are persecut for be too idealist . but thi is what the youth need. a push from the behind in the right direct . commun servic wa never meant to be a compuls and it still is n't . it will alway be one of the best way to give back to your comun everyth that it ha so sparigli provid you . through survey and statisitc we have come to learn that although organ have develop to promot such servic and have intens scheme to recruit the youth of today they seem to be fall drastic short of manpow . theu either dont get ani youth at all , or the youth is severli disintrest at best . in such a case even the organ lose interest . are we will to let go of commun servic as a whole . one must consid the fact that mayb the youth just dont feel protect about their commun . be letharg ha becom an integr part of who they are . it 's not that they dont care , they just dont care enough . and while they might attribut thi lack of time to studi and other activ , we all know the clich proverb ' where there is a will there is a way '' . i believ that if thi will can be intens inculc into today youth , then all is not lost . i onc walk a littl old ladi across the street . she did n't pay me ani money . all she said wa `` thank you , son '' . and mayb that enough . that should drive the youth to help their comun . if they dont help the commun they are part of , then who will . eventu when they grow old and their commun ha fallen apart , will they look back and say `` it my fault '' . i request everi youh to do thi think back your answer will defin who you are ...