nowaday there is a big competit between compani which launch a product in the same market becaus everi compani will have a big market share and a high number of sell product and a high net profit . becaus of thi fact most of the corpor and other limit compani go to an advertis agenc for produc advertis campaign . these were use , for exampl in the televis or in newspap to rais the turnov of compani which are sell these product . but the question is : are the statement about the offer featur from the product right ? in my opinion advertis spot do not show the realiti over the product . so the product are not as good as they were shown in advertis spot . for exampl the car of mercedes-benz were publish in tv as the most luxuri and comfort car . as one can see merced ha big technic problem with their model e-klass . anoth point to mention is the fact that some product have other ingredi than in the advertis publish , for exampl product from the discount aldi . aldi offer hi custom rice which wa genet manipul . but i believ that a compani which want to launch a new product on the market ha to make it better through advertis than it realli is becaus custom do not buy a new product if thi product ha the same featur or ingredi than a product which ha been sold sinc 10 year . addit one can say that the advertis market is veri big in the whole world . so advertis agenc have to offer to the public veri great advertis spot with the best product for bee competit in the advertis market , becaus the agenc will get a high return of invest in futur . but it could be a disadvantag of the fact that product are not as good as publish that custom can be lost becaus the product the compani offer are not as good as publish in the advertis . so the custom are unsatisfi with the product and buy these product by a market follow or anoth compani . all these argument leav me with just one conclus name that custom should buy product which they realli need and not becaus of the fact that these product were publish in the advertis spot .