young peopl do contribut to the commun in some or the other way though not all do . but most of them get involv in social activ help the commun and the societi as well . youngster alway have a special feel for their countri and the societi they live in which make them to contribut for the commun . but not all are with that spark , reason be mani like the atmospher there are brought up , the person experi they had and etc . mani help their nation by offer social servic and that how they take time to help their commun . youngster due to mani reason feel a lot for their nation . the have a veri good spirit of help the societi . one reason could be the heartwarm deliveri of civic lectur from an well vers professor . it could also be the differ tv show broadcast on the theme of patriot . young peopl are engag in their colleg with varieti of task . most of the them point to their respons toward their nation . the classroom lectur and the gener convers among the peer make them to think about how well they can do for the better of the societi . onc the thought occur , the veri first answer would be to get involv in social activ by join a commun if not mani . i can cite few exampl from my person life . there wa thi convers among my peer group with our lectur guid us . suddenli , the technic aspect of my countri were relat with the polit issu . on further discuss , it came to my notic that the infant too were the victim for the countri 's citizen 's careless toward the societi . we start by brows for commun do good social servic . we all join it and help it in encouragin children to opt educ over work . we help a chariti home from be devast by file a petit in the high court and give a consist strong support . in my experi of get involv in such activ i realis that there are mani student and younster tri to do someth for the nation by join and form commun . i think thing have improv when compar to past regard the young peopl . their interest are quit of a matur kind and contribut to the societi one or the other way . a live and popular exampl of youngster take enough time to help the societi is `` lok paritran '' , a parti form by five indian ex-stud of iit 's . it lucid that they take out more than enough time to help for the nation 's better . but i admit that not all youngster take out time for the nation or commun . there are few who dont take time at all and wander here and their tick their moment way . be it ani commun , not all show up activ particip . few of them keep themselv away from such thing intent and few are not awar of such activ . few of the younster are too busi with their acadaem to even think of extra ciricular activ . few stand right consid their situat and circumst and few do n't as they dont come forward though they have a chanc to . but most of the youth ha focuss and is focuss on improv situat around . they join commun and aim for accomplis that serv better to the societi . though not all young peopl take out time for social activit , major of them do . few take out a littl time and few quit a good time . there are peopl from the youth who dedic themselv to commun . come to a stand would be veri difficult becaus of the varitey of peopl live and act accord to their circumst . on and on the , younster do contribut to the commun by take out enough time , but not all .