mani peopl might have differ point of view on thi particular topic base on their person experi or their social statu . moreov , sinc the lifespan of human ha greatli extend compar to the past due to advanc health care system , it might be even difficult to classifi between younger peopl and older peopl . howev , if i narrow down the definit of young peopl to a stage of teenag i definet support the idea that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . first of all , young peopl doe not have ani health concern while the older 's do . i often see a lot of old peopl visit local hopit to check up thier health on a regular basi . on the other hand , young peopl , especi teenag are not feard with such thing . thu , they like to experi new thing that they never had tri in their live , such as smoke , drink with friend . those sure might be veri interest and exicit for teenag becaus they might think or feel that they are approach an unknown territori that they have never explor . in addit , unlik old peopl who ha health limit , young peopl could definet start ani kind of sport that they are interest in . second of all , age of teenag is the stage when you do not have to seriouli concern about your futur career path . while you are at school , you can tri to tast varieti of rang of studi and look for what subject attract you the most . nobodi would forc you to take cours that you dislik . in contrast , mani old peopl might have put away their dream to be a scientist or a firefight in order to have more stablilti in financi matter . from time to time , old peopl can not enjoy their hobbi or stop them from travel around the world becaus they have respons to support and rais their children . amoung mani reason , those arguement i mention abov are the one i believ the major differ between older peopl and young peopl . peopl 's tast and favor might vari from a certain stage of age to anoth . howev , the sure thing is that the responsibilti and concern grow bigger as you get older . thu , limit the old peopl from start a new thing and thi fact lead me to a conclus that younger peopl have much more fun in their live and you should not wast such preciou time .