advertis are today part of our life . we can see them everywher , on televis , in the street , on highway , in our mailbox . it is the best way to make peopl know a new product and to sell it . but , in my opinion , most advertis make product seem better than they realli are . an advertis is studi by a compani in order to present a new product . the obviou goal of advertis is to make the product appear ideal and appropri for the custum . to sell shower gel , for instanc , the advertis will tell you that it smell like natur and that you will feel realli relax by use it . in most case , the custom will think that thi product is appropri for him through thi complet subject present . advertis are play also with custom and make them dream . on advertis , onli the qualiti of the product are mention . thi way , the custom can not realli imagin what the possibl disadvantag are . for instanc , in franc , suchard , a chocol maker , made beauti advertis for it new product . they were so well done that you want to tast one immedi after have seen the advertis . but the composit of thi new kind of chocol wa not specifi and thi wa the neg aspect of the product , after test it . natur sourc were rare and the global tast wa artifici and chemic . furthermor , on advertis , the custom onli see the product ; he can not take it in hi hand and touch it . for cloth it is a great problem . when you look at pictur where a new dress is present , you can not touch the materi and see the right color . light play a major role in clothes'advertis and it may give the custom a fals impress on color . it is also imposs to see if the global qualiti of the product is good or not . becaus of thi , the custom often imagin what he can not see and touch . that is the major problem of advertis . we natur imagin what the qualiti could be , without have ani evid . in conclus , i would say that advertis is made in order to sell a product . in thi way , it onli present the good aspect of the product . but , if these advertis are make product seem better than they realli are , cutom are also respons for it , becaus they use too much their imagin . as a consequ , they are often disappoint when they see the real product in front of them in the store .