i do think nowday , most of advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . when we are watch t.v , we could see thi a lot of amaz and creativ advertis veri often some of them make it too fake so peopl do not beliv it but it stil ha thi werid attract that make peopl to tri he product or servic that they advertis . howev i agre with thi topic but i think it could lead to veri good and effect advertis which will be veri attract to custom . there is a lot of compet between all those product or servic nowday therefor peopl suppos to make it more nice than they actual are becaus they can not make them to look bad even they are actual useless product or servic . peopl do not know befor they actual tri on them . what they onli see and watch is all those advertis on the magazin and on t.v . i think the purpos of advertis is make peopl to feel that that product are rveri effect product and it will be nice to use and it will not be wast of money to buy thi product . i think make product seem much better than they realli are is necessari for the advertis and also to custom . who is go to interest in the product that do not have ani attract that make peopl to say `` wow '' ? of cours , some of advertis are too fake but i still think is one of the way of market and nowaday it is get more better and better . there are a lot of amazingli creativ advertis that normal peopl never could think about it . it is a creativ way to increas their busi valu . howev , i think there are also bad side of these advertis . what if custom bought that product and realis it wa onli nice on t.v and what if they feel the compani actual lie them ? howev i do not think peopl are go to be upset becaus of the diffrenc between t.v and the real product becaus it is a common knowledg that most of advertis are make their product seem much better than they realli are . i think custom should understand the compani 's advertis and accept those becaus as long as there are advertis in thi world , there will not be a singl honest advertis after all .