the topic is whether in twenti year we will have fewer car in use than they are today . i disagre to the topic and believ that twenti year from now we will have more car in use than are present today . in last two decad the sale of car ha continu shown upwar trend , right from small segment to larg segment car sale ha increas and it is predict that the trend will continu and so will be the increas in use of car for come decad . also urbanis will play an import role in increas number of car in use in next twenti year . becaus of urbanis peopl are abl to spend more and their buy capac ha increas . also it ha led to develop of big citi and town where an individu ha to travel a lot in ani particular day . it will definit lead to increas in number in use of car as peopl will requir a conveni mode for commut . with globalis and develop be a part of today 's world an increas in urban area is inevit and so will be the increas in number of car in use . i think that twenti year from now with the increas in popul and distanc the public mode of commut wont be so effect and peopl will look for much conveni mode that is car . also with cultur of `` i dont care '' , peopl will not prefer public mode of transport as that will be more insecur and prone to accid and theft . instead they will choos their own vehicl probabl car to commut . with advanc in scienc and technolog the effici of car can be increas and in futur we hope to have altern and cheap fuel . thi will definit lead to increas in use of car as oper expens will come down for car and peopl will tri to have more car for their conveni and as well as it will be a cheap mode of commut . with extens research we hope that we will have more environ friendli fuel and car in market that will lead to increas in use of car in next twenti year . also with increas in number of luxuri car and car suit to vari tast of peopl , i expect that peopl will go for more purchas of car and thi will result in increas in use of car . with technolog avail to renov the car and make old car look new with small invest , i think use of car is go to increas in next twenti year . in all cheap fuel , better facil , easi loan avail and conveni in transport will lead to increas in use of car in twenti year .