the question i 'm deal with is , if there will be fewer car in use in twenti year than there are today . all in all i agre with thi statement , but there are reason for and against , which both on the one and on the other hand are convinc . the argument for thi statement are , that drive a car is veri expens in our modern world . there are increas tax on drive a car , which mani peopl , even if they want to , ca n't afford . furthermor also fuel is veri expens , becaus of the lack of oil resourc and the fact that there is nearli a monopol on fuel , which allow the produc to fix the price at a high level . so there will be a gener oil problem in futur . anoth point is that car are pollut the environ , which ha influenc on our world , like global warm and air pollut . thi fact will be veri import in the futur and there will be more law set up to prevent the world we are live in , which mean that the number of car will automat decreas . addit also the develop is not on it peak , there will be new transport solut , which will be less expens , safer , mayb faster . the argument against thi statement are , that there will be more peopl live on our planet in futur becaus of the high birth rate in less develop countri , such as india . richer countri will set up a new economi in these countri and there will be build street and highway connect the countri , so that there will be obvious more car in these countri , where at the moment neither car nor motorbik are use . so the less develop countri will get help and will develop , so that there will be more car . in futur there will be also better invent , which support these thori . peopl will invent new car , which are more comfort , cheaper and safe the environ at the same time , so that drinv a car will be more attract than nowaday . anoth argument is , that drive a car is an easi and fast way of transport and to solv the energi problem there will be for exampl car like hybrid car , which use solar energi instead of oil , so there will be new so call altern energi , which object the statement . to sum up , i decid to agre with the statement , becaus all in all in my opinion big countri will have big problem with their economi in futur , like money and tax , and there will be import influenc on our environ , which permit the peopl to drive car anylong .