knowledg play an import role 's in one 's life . academ and gener knowledg make peopl more equip and skill in deal with life in gener and also advanc their career prospect , lead to better life . knowledg attain is a signific aspect of human life and distinguish us from other life form . in my opinion , it is better to specialis in one academ subject than to have a broader knowled of mani academ subject . today 's world is a world of specialist . be it econom , polit , cultur or educ , there is a marathon to becom specialist . with so much competit and signific specialis of labour , product and manufactur , it is import to make a nich for oneself and becom a specialist in one 's area . with more globalis world , we are move toward econom and polit integr where the theori of compar advantag domin each aspect of human societi . peopl are not self suffici and depend on other to fulfil their essenti need . thi lead to better product , better qualiti at veri low or competit price . the same is true about knowledg . with more specialis of knowledg , peopl are better equip to deal with the detail and intracaci of a particular subject and thu , can reach higher echlon of societi through their knowledg . on the contrari , generalist would have broad knowledg of mani subject , howev would fail to appli the knowledg in the area where special knowledg is requir and thu , would stunt their career growth and pursuit in life . despit the argument , i do feel that one doe not have to choos from extrem path . the knowledg graph can be a complimentari mix of both , a specialist and a generalist . one should gather more specialis knowledg in a particular area or subject in the begin of one 's life and career . howev , as one progress one can make effort in acquir more knowledg about variou issu and subject . thi will help in get to posit where it is more import to have a macroview of the world than a mere microoverview of impact of decis made . for exampl , it is more import for the politician to have broader knowledg of mani subject than bureaucrat who are assign special assign and are expect to bring about better polici and impact in that area . here , a specialist in a particular area will be abl to perform a better job that a person with gener inform , thu , in conclus , it is better to specialis in one specif subject than to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject .