i total agre with the statement that have a knowledg on mani subject is better than special on one subject . the world now is grow fast and the divers in all field is maxim . in such a new and modern world special in one subject can be challeng . field which have onc been thought to be in isol or independ are now requr support from other field . thi interdepend ha given rais to more sophist compani which requir peopl with a minimum knowledg in mani import field . thi ha a lot of applic . a multi nation compani ( mnc ) is the best exampl of a place which requir peopl have knowledg in mani field . in an mnc there are variou level of work . let us take an exampl of a human resourc manag . hi work is to employ new peopl suitabl to the firm , monitor the progress of project and constantli deal with econom issu of hi form . the abov three task requir aplic in variou fielld like to employ new peopl he must first basic understand the need of hi firm . thi requir him to have a knowledg in the field of firm bussi requir . next to monitor a project he should know the platform on which the project is be built . for thi he need to have some skill in the comput languag . next to deal with the econom issu of the firm he must atleast know the basic of the law of bussi run . thu a level-3 worker like a hr manag requir a knowledg on three total divers field . if thi is the case with a hr manag then we can easilli understand the requir a ceo need . even scientist need a knowledg on mani differ file other than thier own subject . for exampl a physic scientist need to know mathemat for calcul in physic . he need to have grip on topic like trignometri , calculu etc which are essenti for solv complex relationship in field like dynam , solid state physic etc . the comput which can be call as the new face of the world chang a lot of approach in mani field . it is be use in field like astronomi , physic chemistri in mani way like embed system . a space research scientist , launch a rocket need to calcul the astronom distanc between the earth and the target . thi if done with help of a cmputer need him to understand how to use the system and other such complex . e ven the present educ system seem to have accept the need of have basic inform in mani field . the school of the presemt day have mani subject lke math , scienc , social , languag etc . the student ought to take all these subject atleast till a certain grade and then opt for subject they are interest in . the cours in collg also have mani subject in the cours which they feel are need . for exampl in engin all the student also have common subject in the area of comput , electron etc . thu in view of the new world i feel a knowledg in a mani subject is need for achiev success . a special in a singl area ha no great use today .