`` the younger gener just dont listen and pay gratitud toward commun '' . thi is the statement i veri often listen from my grandfath . have the younger gener actual becom so selfish and preoccupi in their own world that they do n't even have time for their own peopl ? be a young man myself , i feel that it is shame , but true . with the advent of technolog , the world ha becom fast pace . everybodi is short of time is alway busi with worldli matter . the greatest impact of thi is seen in the younger gener . younger gener are call the futur of a nation . they constitut that section of the societi which is veri vibrant and full of energi . at the same time they are also immatur and tend to get influenc by extern forc , the most . so , they tend to get distract to a number of activ around them . so get attract to rock music , go to concert is natur . but let me pose a question to all the youngster - have you ever gone to do commun servic - like help old peopl , help out orphan , or plant tree ? i bet the answer to my question would be a unanim `` no '' . futhermor , youngster nowaday are excess involv in parti with friend or play onlin comput game that these type of commun activ have the least prioriti on their list . infact , these are sometim consid to be bore and the `` older peopl 's job '' . the young peopl need to realis thi fact that it is due to a mutual interact between an individu and hi commun that an individu develop . so , the individu requir to take care of hi commun . but , is it that it is sole the younger gener respons for thi apathi . i think there is some other aspect to thi discuss as well . thi is base on what i have seen in my colleg . there is a small percentag of youngster who are interest in do good for the commun , but due to the excess pressur of the parent to excel in the exam , load of cours that we are requir to complet and excess competit , these student are unabl to do anyth concret . who is respons for thi the youngster or the elder ? it is pretti clear , the author have to think on these line if serv the commun is a matter of concern . for exampl , the colleg author can float a compulsori cours in commun servic . so , in a way thi cours will motiv other student as well as let the alreadi interest student to particip . in conclus , the younger gener need to realiz that it is their respons to help the commun becaus it is onli bcaus of thi commun that they would flourish in the futur . they need to understand that if they help the commun the commun would sure pay them back in a good way .