the foremost busi philosoph in america jim rohn said , `` to surviv in the twentieth centuri you have to know more than one skill . '' today , life is chang at a veri high pace and more than ever befor . the comput age which revolutian everi possibl aspect in the world ha gotten us to what we call the age of knowledg where to special in one specif subject is not enough in order to fulfil one 's self . therefor it is better and imper that one get special in more than one domain for econom reason and person reason . everyon want to lead comfort live and have a safe futur . most of us want to be rich . to do so , nobodi is go to be special in onli one field becaus now , and more than ever , all field are relat to anoth . for instanc , let 's take real estat . an investor who want to invest in real estat ha to have an educ in busi , law , financ , bank , and even construct . if thi investor is onli familiar in busi , how can he know about taxat polici , or about which kind of construct materi to choos from ? therefor , a knowledg in more than one subject can prove a valuabl asset when it come to increas wealth . to seek knowledg is everyon 's person ambit . the process is tough and lifelong . it requir a thirst for learn and a hunger to seek the mani truth which our world store . to have knowledg in a lot of subject is a virtu in societi . it give reput and instant recognit . take a compani that want to hire a new employe and that ha the possibl of choos two candid : a person have a busi degre who ha work onli in one kind of firm all hi life , and anoth hold the same degre who ha work in mani differenet trend of busi . the compani should choos the latter sinc he 's been expos to the world more than the other candid . also , have an idea of a lot of subject can be self satisfi sinc no one can laugh at the person or tri to trick him . the world is fill with con and crook men . if you 're limit to onli one type of educ , the chanc of you be cheat are veri high . therefor have a broad knowledg in mani domain can be reward on a person basi . to sum up , be involv in more than one subject is much better than be onli involv in one for mani reason such as econom reason and person reason . today the world oblig us to invest our time in educ sinc it will affect our live condit . be more knowledg is also reward in that it give a good imag and reput and can serv as a defenc against cheat . and the most import thing is to keep learn , keep live , love , and leav a legaci for other to follow .