although there are more and more tour agenc today and more and more peopl are will to be guid in a travel , i prefer to travel by myself , not in a group . the first thing i should consid when travel in a group is that i can not arrang all the thing by myself . that is , when travel in a group , i should follow the certain routin and the certein time tabl . i will be ask to follow the schedul step by step . thi make me feel that i 'm a littl babi who can not control itself . but when travel by myself . i make my own plan accord to my own tast . i do n't need to rush in hour from one place to anoth . there is a good chanc that i can make my own decis . second , more and more tour guid have some busi relationship with the merchant in some certain area . that is , the guid will instig the visitor to buy the product in the local area . and the guid will get some benefit as well as the merchant if the visitor buy the product becaus the guid and the merchant have some contract . the guid ' behavior can realli mislead some visitor today . it is more like for the tourist to make some unwis choic and to buy some product unneccessari when led by a guid . when travel alon , i can make more intellig choic when decid which to buy and which not to buy . at last , travel alon is a good experi for me . and i alway have a desir to travel alon around thi world , just like mani youth . when travel alon , i will schedul all the thing by myself , from make a travel plan to book the ticket . i think it is a necessari process in one 's life to grow up . in fact , although i 'm still seventeen , i have alreadi travel alon to mani differ provinc in my countri , even to hong kong . each time i finish these trip , i feel that i 'm more matur than befor and i have gain more experi . my parent also think that if a person can not do someth individu , he or she will not be an adult . in my opinion , travel alon is a process for me to gain experi . so , i would rather to travel alon , not travel in a group by a tour guid becaus i 'm that kind of person who is veri independ .