live in a modern and high-pac societi , with the gain sever of competit and the emphasi on person achiev , peopl seem to have less concern on other . with the chang of the live style , a commun seem to have lost it previou function of hold everi member togeth for peopl are more involv in person activ . and all these chang affect on the younger gener . howev , there seem to be a initi of chang in thi minim time devot to the commun by young peopl . the lost of devot in the commun ha long been concern by observ and scholar , thu , certain modif are made in the educ system , such as that in the nation taiwan univers which i am current attend . a special program is design , aim for student to provid servic to the commun . thi program is conduct by the advisor , and everi unives student would have to complet at least three semest of servic in order to graduat . thi serv as a respons to the insuffic concern given by the young gener and is expect the student to be inspir by thi experi . in the last semest , our advisor design a special servic activ for our class . by cooper with a well-known organ which provid help to the homeless , the elderli , and the peopl who are suffer from brain damag , my classmat and i were abl to provid servic to these minor of the societi . after a offici train cours , we help the patient to bath , talk with the elder peopl who live alon , and help the organ to hold activ dure special occas like the mother 's day . in particip , we were abl to discov that not onli us , but mani younger student from junior high school were seen help in the organ , along with lot of volunt . i person bath a patient under the profession assist of the student from nurseri school . see all these young peopl , as old as or even younger than my age , devot their time help other deepli move me . we were ask to write report accord to the servic , and the respond where enthusiat . one of the report even appear on the school news paper . further cooper is establish , and is expect to rous more respons among these onc `` unconcern '' young peopl . under the tutor and properli design program , the young peopl , who are onc close in the small academ world , are abl to reach out their arm and to embrac the other - within the commun , and hope to the whole human be .