knowledg is wide spread and never end if seen in a differ point of view as new inform keep come up everyday . it vari accord to the topic and inform that is discov from differ place in the world . you may never know when a major discoveri might happen and to know what ha caus thi major discoveri you need to obtain knowledg about that specif genr of studi . i agre with both the type . i think learn a varieti of subject take you a step abov other and on the other hand concentr on one subject also share it part of success . a person may go into a veri deep analysi of the subject , learn everyth that is relat to it . but i give a upper hand to learn more subject , as it is more benefici . learn more subject tell you a lot than learn one subject , for exampl you can learn a differ languag which can come as great use when travel . learn a widespread of subject doesnt onli limit upto languag but also a varieti of subject and the person who learn about variou thing ha more inform than the person who is just speacial on one subject . when learn mani subject one can not realli special in all . if he want to he can special in one of the subject that he like the most . learn one subject and special in it take a lot of time and then when you want to special in a subject you also need to know other subject that relat to it and also should have a appropri ammount of inform about them . for instanc if a person want to speacial in physic , he ha to know a lot about math that is becaus math play a crucial role in physic . thi doe not appli to all the subject but mani of the subject need relev ammount of knowledg from other subject in order to special in them . when one learn more than one subject , he ha a better shot at the open world than the person who is stuck onto onli one subject as hi chanc are veri limit when compar to the peopl who have taken up variou subject for studi . have a broad knowledg make you open to a lot of inform and can help you in variou way for exampl in a debat or a quiz , sinc you know mani subject and thing that relat to them it will not be a problem to answer but for peopl who special in one subject , they can not battl the question caus their knowledg is veri limt and can answer question which are relat to their topic properli . knowledg is wide spread and everyon ha the chanc to aquir it and learn differ subject ha it down to as special in a subject ha it own benefit . but i still support the point that have a better grasp at differnet subject at is better until i find convinc statement that prove special in one subject is better .