i disagre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . i think that probabl younger peopl have more opportun to lead a pleasant life , unawar of danger , economical worri and age - relat illnes ; but i do believ that young peopl have less wisdom to realiz that those opportun must be well use to get joy in to their live . i often see young peopl overdriven to acomplish thing in such a short time , that they can not possibl realiz that they are miss import and joy experi on their path . young peopl are more and more feel the pressur to do a lot , at the cost of enjoy less . thi pressur come from societi , famili , their peer , and sadli from themselv , push more and more to excel in so mani thing at the time , that they just end do everyth automat , without stop to see what they have acomplish . even though older peopl can be veri driven to succeed , year have taugth them that as import as get thing done , is the experi of do them . i have seen myself stress and feel unfulfil after long hour in a supposedli joyful experi , as an over plan trip , schedul by the hour to maxim the eyesight . i have also seen my grandfath enjoy himself a lot by just sit close to the window with a cup of strong tea , read a magazin or watch the peopl who pass by the street . there are pleasur of the older peopl that can not compar to some rush and excit that young peopl can get from parti all night and lead an acceler life . there is the possibl to see the kid grow and becom nice peopl , who will honor the valu they where rais in . and there is of cours the possibl to enjoy grandchildren , who can be spoil by the grand parent while the parent struggl to teach them manner ant get them to bed earli . i also think that older peopl enjoy more life becaus they get a sens of a `` job well done '' about their famili , job or whatev commit they had in life , wherea young peopl are still tri to find their purpos . older peopl often have ( or make ) more time , to devot themselv to thing they find enjoy , as learn someth special or talk to peopl with relat interest . my grandmoth spent long hour work two job when she wa younger to be abl to rais her kid , and never had much of a hobbi , but now that she ha retir , she ha found great satisfact in take cook lesson with neighbor that becam real friend . i am final realiz that life can be more enjoy than what it ha been to me in the past , but thi is probabl becaus i am start to age myself . .. i wonder if as year pass i will find more joy on the littl thing , and if i will be abl to be delight by see the passersbi as my grandfath doe , but i do think that with age , more thing will come too , that will make me veri happi . to summar , my opinion is that older peopl enjoy life more than young peopl , not onli becaus of the oportun that life present to them , but mainli becaus of the way they see life .