it is known that as human be we are set apart and distinguish from other speci by the varieti of knowledg we gain in our life-cycl . thu , in relat to the previou statement , i person believ that it is better for an individu to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject rather than specialz on one onli . initi , gain knowledg from a varieti of topic benefit the person himself as he will be abl to relat more aspect of hi life to more area of knowledg which rang from mathemat to the art . thi techniqu of learn and attend to mani subject is be current use in mani high school and univers . for exampl , if a student want to major in airplan engin , he would have to take cours such as physic , chemistri , mathemat and such scienc . in return , he would have a complet idea and understand of carri out hi prospect aim which is to becom an airplan engin . peopl are also subject to mani situat in which they have to bring togeth all the knowledg they have gain through their person or educ experi . it is in specif moment such as these where a person is test to acknowledg mani academ subject . the applic standard of the better of have a broader knowledg onli furthermor justifi the import of it and the great disadvantag of special and concentr on one subject . not is the notion of have increas knowledg from mani academ onli benefiti for a human 's individu , but it is also use in tie link and fill in the blank . as demonstr in the first exampl , a person will know more about the subject he is interest in if he can link to it through other aspect . i can come to prove thi from my own person experi . as a theatr art fenat student , i have been abl to improv my act skill through anoth subject i take - psycholog . in that class , i have learn the behavior aspect of a human 's mind and have been abl to justifi them use biolog and environment indici . thu , when it come to analzi script and play differ role , i can becom a better actor by associ the charact to psycholog term which are total true and realist . in conclus , have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject is better for the individu of the gainer , hi career and help him/her in tight situat where they are subject to random question that could revolv around ani idea or theori . it ' advantag also exceed those of the belief of special in one subject which make it a better suggest . moreov , have more knowledg truli bring out human and drive them to their full potenti and benefit the world .