my parent alway tell me that i am a `` next gener '' young , concentr on have a good educ , dream about an appreci carrier , with which i will be abl to earn lot 's of money . they are probabl true . i agre with the fact that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time in order to help their commun . one of the main reason whi young peopl are not involv so much in help the commun now , is that there is not such a servic now impos by the commun they are live in . howev , in the past there wa such an mandatori servic to be done to be abl to graduat from high school or colleg . young were explain the import of such a servic for the commun and were expect to be will to do it . for instanc my mother went to help for the elderli everi sunday , to obtain her degre from the colleg she wa attend . there were even an offic to help student find place for do commun servic . today , no person is ask to do such servic and there may be peopl who do not know what is commun servic and what may be it advantag . all that peopl will to serv the commun can do is gener to help peopl in their close enviro . there is also anoth major explain to whi today 's young do not give time to help the commun : thi is due to the fact that they actual do not have that much time . in my countri , children not onli go to school , but they also go to other preparatori class offer outsid school to be abl to enter better school or univers obtain higher score . a day of a last year high school student is plenti hour of cours and work to finish for the next day . how could someon expect them to give time to the commun servic ? unfortun , thi will sound like a joke . in conclus , peopl in the past were rais in the conscienc of the presenc of commun servic and it import and they were not requir to creat an extra time for do their servic . that time wa alreadi given to them . howev , today 's young peopl do not give enough time to commun servic becaus either they are not awar of such a servic or they realli do not have time to be spent in such an luxuri occas .