i think it is better to special in one specif subject and be an expert on that subject than to have broad knowledg of mani subject and not have a specif area of expertis . have broad knowledg of mani subject doe not necessarili show that one is qualifi . that sort of knowledg can easili be acquir through person effort and experi , which make it almost the same thing as what we call ` gener knowledge` . gener knowledg is the accumul of one 's experi and learn gain through educ and/or quit simpli , live . everybodi ha a gener knowledg to some extent , and thi knowledg doe not bring ani bonu point to you in the cours of your profession life , no matter how vast it is , especi in an age as competit as our . on the other hand , special in one particular subject give you the opportun of be uniqu . there is no limit to how much you can learn and discov on ani subject . therefor , it is possibl for someon who ha chosen to special , to go as far as he or she want with hi or her studi , research , experi , etc . let us take the profess of confer interpret as an exampl . it is a must for each and everi confer interpret to have broad knowledg on mani academ subject , sinc they could be hire to work in mani confer regard mani subject . it is not possibl for them to interpret what they hear if they do not understand anyth , or if they are not familiar with the particular terminolog . nevertheless , thi certainli doe not mean that they are expert , or in other word , that they have special in those subject . thi doe not mean that they are not expert in ani subject either . what thi mean is that they are special in confer interpret , and that without their expertis in that particular area , their abil to simultan listen and talk , their knowledg of interpret techniqu , their broad knowledg on mani subject would not do them ani good . in conclus , in an environ as competit as the current one , where you have to stand out in order to be abl to achiev certain standard in your life , you can not just settl for a broad knowledg of mani subject . you certainli have to have your area of expertis , an area where you are uniqu , and where you are will to pursu that `` uniqu '' to the furthest extent possibl .