in modern societi , we alway face the dilemma whether it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . it is such a debat problem in that it effect everybodi in our life . accord to differ background , peopl may have quit differ choic . some may frown to it , becaus they think if they special in one specif subject , they can achiev more success , . while other may say ye , sinc they perfer to contact with all kind of knowledg . when it come to me , i tend to agre with the second opinion , that is , it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject . to start with , broad knowledg is quit essenti in social commun . there is no deni that human are social be , we need to commun with other . but it take all sort to make a world , some are teacher , some are doctor , and other may be scientist . if we have no knowledg of other field except your own learn area , it can be quit differ to make friend with them . you may even do not know how to start a convers , it can be quit frustrat . besid commun , there is anoth import point . in certain time , some knowledg in other area is need in our daili life . last summer , i went to a small town near the ocean with sever friend . we wa deepli move by the beauti sceneri there , the beach is alway full of sunshin . we love to relax ourselv on the beach when the sun is set sun , the breez is blow and seabird are sing . we went to a seafood restaur nearbi , the seafood there can be the best in the world . but at thi time , my friend felt quit uncomfort . at first all of us did not know what wa wrong , suddenli i remind a medcin book i have read befor . i happen to know that he seem to be allerget to thi kind of seafood . so i went to the clinic and bought the right medcin for him . you see , sometim these knowledg can be quit use `` it is alway benef to open a book '' as the old say say , similarli , it is alway benef to gain knowledg , it can help us to know more about ourselv as well as thi world . so that thi plant will be a better place to live in . base the discuss abov , knowledg which is a integrel part in our life should alway be requir by human be no matter which kind of knowledg .