adult and young peopl enjoy life . adult watch their children grow , and watch them succeed everi step while grow up , walk through harsh moment and surviv , such as their kid 's first smile , first birthday , first day of school , first sport match victori bring joy and happi to the adult . young peopl enjoy life too , mostli by play and tri out new thing . an adult would have gone through mani stage in hi life , but that doesnt mean he still cant enjoy hi time . what interest adult might differ from what interest young peopl . young peopl are still grow up and have fun and do activ and set goal and ambit would bring them joy . if a teenag boy , join the school 's soccer team with a goal to win the championship against all other school , and hi goal get achiev , he 'll be veri proud and happi . hi parent , would also feel the same joy , watch their child win . when an adult decid to have children , he would most like be commit into give that child all the love and affect he ha . `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . '' i strongli disagre with that statement . young peopl would have alot of fun moment that they cherish and later on becom a happi memori to be rememb , but who would have more memori ? an adult or a young boy or girl ? adult know more than young peopl , and know how to deal with situat in a more seriou and safer way . while young peopl have not encount such a problem , they would feel stress and scare , and would eventu seek advic from the adult . when a boy goe to hi dad and ask for advic when he 's in troubl , then hi father comfort him and ensur him everyth will be alright after tell him what he ha to do . the father would notic that hi child is grow up , and is becom more matur which fill hi heart with joy and happi . an adult with children would want the best for them , and he 'd be will to do the imposs to ensur that hi child ha the best care and support he can offer . experi is the main key that bring joy in life , and adult would have more of that than young peopl . simpl thing would bring joy to an adult , a simpl smile hi child give him is enough to keep him happi . while , young peopl wanna experi new thing such as go out with their friend , play game , travel to new place is what make them enjoy life the most , and that doesnt occur everyday . but , an adult that watch hi children grow more and more each day is what make him enjoy life .