an advertis is a public for an object , a restaur or food . the compani that make it want the peopl who watch the advertis to go to that specif restaur or buy that particular object . we will first discuss the principl of advertis and then we will explain our specif opinion about the statement . to begin with , an advertis is made so that the compani that offer the servic or the good can sell more of it . therefor , the gener idea is to make , for exampl , the object seem necessari at home , the offic or even in the car . to make it so attract the produc need to put forward it best qualiti which will revolutionis your day to day lifestyl . for exampl , we can put ourselv in the situat where we need to advertis car perfum . we will , in a first part , demonstr that most car have veri bad smell and , then , that onc the buyer purchas the car perfum these smell disappear . the produc will tri to limit the fact it might take some time for the perfum to act . but are these principl there to make product seem much better ? in my opinion , i truli believ that `` advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . '' take our last exampl , the fact that the produc limit , in the advertis , the perfum 's action time is fals inform . the advertis will necessarili show that the smell disappear immedi after the man enter the car with the perfum . of cours , there are mani exampl of thi . at mcdonald 's , the big mac are nowher near as perfect as in their commerci . in a gener way , most peopl know that everi object will not be exactli like in the commerci . the gener popul can make the differ between the ad and what the object will be like . eventhough , they do make product seem better than they realli are , the onli thing that count is that the differ between realiti and the commerci is not extrem larg . to conclud , our and our parent ' gener have been brought up with advertis and with the compani ' will to lure more custom . therefor , i believ that if some compani `` stretch '' the truth about their product , as long as it is not in the extrem , then their advertis are still ethic correct .