the topic given say that after twenti year there will be fewer car in use than as of today . i do n't think one can answer thi question in ye or no . as we will see it depend on a lot of factor , so we need to analyz them close , onli then we can conclud someth . it depend a lot on the geograph area we are talk about . if we consid the question for the whole world even then we have to deal and analyz the question for differ geograph area individu and then sum them up . for exampl a countri where technic develop ha not taken place too much ; there , in come futur , consider amount of peopl might switch from two wheeler to car as price of car might go down with more technic develop and at the same time car offer more conveni . howev think of a hypothet situat in which a technic veri advanc countri start use a new vehicl which is cheaper in manufactur cost and offer more conveni . there peopl will prefer to stop use car . now let consid a countri which is far locat from petroleum resourc and have to face a lot expens in import all those thing , the govern there might encourag race cycl or someth like that . look at differ perspect , if transport system in countri is local train and thi system is get better day by day . what we mean by get better is : it is cheaper , conveni and safer than drive your own car/cab . then peopl will prefer not to use car . howev if abov happen and as a result accid rate among local train and rush insid the train increas , thi would be sign for use your own car again . so we see that it is type of oscil behaviour but we do n't know the period of such behaviour so we ca n't realli predict what will happen after 20 year . now look from environment perspect , if car continu to pollut the surround as they are do today ( at least in countri like india ) , govern might take decis to discourag the ownership of car . but if we found a good way to stop pollut caus by car ( like use cng ga etc ) we might end up have more car at the end of twenti year from now . therefor we can clearli see that the question given doe n't have certain black or white answer as of today . it is complic function of mani thing whose condit after twenti year can not be judg accur today .