have a lot of knowledg could lead one to not know a lot about anyth . if thi is true , mani would not be abl to special on anyth due to the fact they do not know enough about a subject , to have a job or special in it . thu in my opinion it is better to special in one specif subject , in order to suce in and perfect the subject which one is studi . a doctor , need to focu on the medic aspect of it career in other to excel on it . if a doctor were to studi mani subject at the same time , he or she would get distract from it main special which is save live or work in a hospit . ofcours , the doctor should know a bit about english , grammar , and other subject esenti to live , but the doctor should not focu entir on those subject , becaus they are not as import as a biolog class can be . if someon special in one specif subject and give all it attent to it , one will have greater possibilit of excel and learn about the subject . for exampl , in my school we use to have 13 cours per semest , and peopl did not have time to focu on ani singl subject as instens as they should or want to , becaus it wa too muh work . after a while , the school chang it polici and decied to cut down the cours to 5 , in which peopl could take math , scienc and spanish and other two cours of their choic . student start to pull up their grade becaus it wa easier to focu on the subject one like and special on the subject that wa relat to the career one want to pursu later on in life , for exampl peopl would take 2 class of math , and were abl to focu and special in math for the futur of their bussi career . although it is good to know about mani subject , in my opinion it is impos to learn and realli excel on them while one is studi mani differ subject . in that case student are learn the esenti thing about the subject , but are not take the time in ani of them to special and pronfund their knowledg in a certain subject . if a doctor would broaden hi or her knowledg , he or she would probabl never look deep into medicin subject , and would just have the broad or overview of it . make thi a disadvantag for them and us patient . also if my school would not have lower the number of cours , student would have never been abl to realli special in a subject , but would have simpli seen the overview of it , never fulli understand each and everi one of those subject . therefor in my opinion it is better to know a lot about someth , than to know a littl about everyth .