the issu given at the hand is the usag of car in the come year . thi issu is difficult as i have to present the variou thought in thi regard . i think that the usag of car in the next 20 year is go to increas for the reason that i am go to mention now . the first reason that i think that peopl would use more car becaus the peopl in the develop countri are more focus on their travel mode and are concern about the comfort that use a person vehicl can have . thi is suggest by the fact that the number to car manufactur are grow world - wide and that the custom are regularli offer car a rel low price to encourag their sale . even new design have appear and peopl are mad after the latest model car avail in the market . secondli , owe a car is consid as a symbol of prestig and is no longer restrict to high - incom earn peopl . ani person who own a two wheeler would dream to buy a car in near futur and consid the popul of averag earn group world wide thi claearli indic that their wil be an increas in the usag of car . thi is human natur to long for more sophist thing and car is just one of them . even the point that the entir famili can travel comfort in one car can not be rule out . thirdli , even if the traffic problem is consid , mani develop countri are now build fly-ov , bridg and other architectur construct keep in mind the increas in the traffic in near futur . consid the design featur mani car are now design to be smaller so that they can fit in the most crowd road veri easili . even the park problem is solv use magnifici structur that allow mani vehicl to be park at a singl place which is usual underground . so even the govern is expect the increas in the use of four wheeler . fourth reason that can be given is the develop of new technolog that ensur reduct in the fuel requir , even the use of cng can be consid which guarante no pollut , increas in the perform of the vehicl and henc overal contributon to reduc the environment pollut , which is usual bought in these case , contribut to the increas in the number of car owner . for all the reasons-peopl attitud , traffic problem which can be solv , car manufactur new design and effort in reduc the environment pollut - i have mention abov i think that the number of car owner are go to increas in the next twenti year .