it is said often that young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun , but i would disagre with that . howev , befor lay out the argument against thi statement , it is essenti to defin what is meant by `` commun '' . is commun to be understood as the gener societi that we live or can it be understood as the specif commun of an individu , mean hi or her famili and friend , neighbor and peopl of the town or villag that that individu live in ? if `` commun '' were to be understood accord to the first proposit , than i would still argu against the orgin statement . true , tradit way to serv one 's commun have chang over time . for exampl , the church in germani ha lost it import for a lot of young peopl ; thu , there are not as mani peopl involv in charit activ organ by the church as it might have been the case 50 or 40 year ago . howev , these ( and similar ) chore are now be fulfil by other societ organ . non-government organ such as amnesti intern or greenpeac who are vital to discuss in and chang of societi depend especi on the particip of young peopl for they are gener more flexibl and abl to invest time - and young peopl do inde make up a big part of their activ member . if we were to understand `` commun '' to be a smaller group of peopl , than i would absolutley refut the origin statement . recent survey such as the german `` shell studi '' have shown that young peopl valu famili and a safe and comfort commun higher than they use to in the 1970 and 1980 . scientist believ that thi develop ha it root in the effect of global : peopl are requir to be more flexibl and to adapt to chang condit while at the same time face an increas insecur due to the job market which see a high unemploy rate or at least veri instabl work condit even among highli qualifi young peopl . and sinc tradit valu have increas in young peopl 's favor , they are natur more will to help to sustain the structur that provid them a sens of belong . thu , for exampl , they take care of older famili member instead of have them live in a retir home , they help neighbor repair their hous , they organ group at school that cook for the children instead of have them by fast food product , and they are engag in local politc or region environment initi . to sum up , all these exampl show that young peopl do care about their commun and and that they are not devot less time than other younger peopl in earlier time to help their commun .