i total disagre with the idea that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact . sure it is use and nesessari to have knowleg of idea or concept when a student claim hisor her idea . howev , i do not think studi and understand them is more import to learn fact . i am from japan . i studi the socil democraci and neo liber in japan . then i believ japan need to adapt the polici of socil democraci like mani european countri becaus recent the employ in japan have been unstabl although japanes mnc have increas thier sale and govern ha decreas the coopor tax . so i believ the walfar system in europ is better than american small govern and strong capit . so i came to europ to studi the polit in europ . howev , in europ i found what i studi in japan about european societi , philosophi and the principl of polit is differ from the realiti in the societi . in the theori each person ha same right under the law but one day i saw the situt where two black men were reject by the shop to enter in uk . thier behavior were not problem at all . in europ i found that if the govern tri to protect the peopl 's live , peopl are not independ about thier live . also peopl becom intolar to foreign . the societi do not tend to give the oppotun to foreign becaus the govern or worker union give much regul about employ to the compani so that the rate of umemploy in mani european countri are higher than the unit state or japan . so there is less chanc for me . besid , i lost mani desir to work or studi in europ becaus mani peopl are so easi go about life becaus thier live are protect by the govern . in addit , at the thi christma vacat , i visit ny . then i felt absolutoli comfort . becaus american whom i talk with are more use to the differ cultur so that i could feel i am just one of peopl . also the societi inspir me to work in the unit state . it wa so schock experi for me becaus when i had studi polit philosophi in japan , i believ that the social democaci is necessari for japan . howev , to be honest i feel so uncomfort in europ by the fact that i found or experi that i have learn in europ . so in conclut , i strongli disagre with the idea that understand the concept or idea is import than lear the fact . i should have studi in the unit state not in europ .