the statement present abov is far too gener to realli captur the complex of actual life . there are two main point i would like to discuss here . first , factor other than age may explain whi a person is happi or desper with life . second , we need to look at what we realli mean when we use the notion of `` enjoy one 's life '' . at all time in histori are we confront with unhappi young live : or do we think that the young british soldier in iraq `` enjoy hi life '' ? he may be proud to serv a caus or proud to be abl to live up to the challeng . but when we think of the deadli risk alway present in the soldier 's mind , the old ladi in her cozi hous with her entir famili around may look like the happiest person . the term `` enjoy life '' is too much associ with a life anim by parti , travel around the world and the perspect of have one 's life befor one . it is true that in most case young peopl , given their physic strength , have more option to lead an event life , as long as they have some freedom and financi mean . howev , more event may not mean more enjoy . can an old coupl not also enjoy life , look back at a fulfil life and have the support by a love famili ? in some countri in africa , it is the eldest who have the say in the villag and the respect of the young peopl is their . in chines , there is a say that goe exactli the other way round : if you drink tee , the first sip are as bitter as the young life . when you poor more water , the tee becom as sweet as the adolesc life . and onli when you add water for a second time your reach the balanc , slightli fragrant stage that resembl old age . in the buddhist tradit , thi last stage is clearli the prefer and the symbol of thi is the old , `` useless tree of happy '' . mayb we peopl in the west should learn that everi stage of life ha it own happi moment , and experi of sad form part of the human condit . neither should young peopl be `` condemn '' to enjoy life , nor should old peopl alway hear that their happi live are over anyway .