as alway , peopl have been enjoy their life in their own way and valu . i think thi is true kept constantli for a long time and for good from now . addit , i beliv that life is alway joy thing wherev it is over time . first , if anyth thi is a delight era unlik the period our parent got through the diffucult time in the past . there are mani activ and the resourc that old peopl can enjoy around us in thi comteporari era . for exampl , we , recent can meet some movi focus on the old person and it is most remark chang of our cultur consid the fact that the movi usual belong to younger peopl . and we can also know that there are mani activ commun built byr the old and for the old . these facil , absolut help them to enjoy thier life . secondli , i am compel to emphas the improv and the develop of medic area . thi big improv acheiv over time make it possibl that human can live longer enjoy their live when they becom older . person , my father is 95 year old and my mother is also over nineti . even though they are quit old . they go out to play golf and swim regular basi . to tell the truth , i do n't need to even show my parent ' case . probabl , other peopl can also find old peopl who still enjoy activ sport around them . i believ that all of these is possibl due to the regular check up in the hospit and assist of cut edg medic scienc . thirdli , is it realli true that young peopl enjoy life more ? of cours , i admit they are usual healthier and have a lot of energi which is admontli advanteg for enjoy life . but we also should know and realiz that they are short on experi and some peopl are callow youth , which lead them to some mishap and fall in to bad and seriou temptat that are locat in our societi . for exampl , everyday we meet the news that young peopl ruin their life due to be footloos and the behavior with abandon . so , younger age is not onli good age for enjoy life but also care age for avoid the unpredict result of enjoy their life . conclus , i do n't agre the idea that yonger peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do .