the issu under consider is the argument that most advertis attempt to project their product in a manner that showcas the product in much better light than they actual are . thi issu appear to be a veri common and valid statement , sinc more often than not , it is a gener complaint among custom that product never seem to deliv what they promis in their promot . howev , i would like to disagre with thi statement , keep in mind my consider of certain import factor , such as the process that peopl use to choos certain product , the effort be made my manufactur toward develop their product , govern , civic and judici law that mandat advertis to give the correct pictur , and the role of public interest group that strive to increas custom awar regard the buy of product . the first point that i would like to highlight is the motiv of custom in buy product . mani custom do not realiz that the product they buy are actual not target at them at all in the first place . for exampl , peopl who face hair loss on their scalp tend to buy product like hair loss prevent shampoo , without first check whether that shampoo is inde formul for their problem , which may be occur due to more seriou medic reason . when such custom do not get the result they expect , they tend to blame the product , and accus it advertis of fals campaign . to prevent thi , custom should becom awar of the fact that they need to excercis discret and perhap get some medic or non-med advic ( like in the shampoo 's case ) when choos product . the next point i would like to emphas on is the sincer effort be made manufactur of product to provid more inform on the intend target of product , product composit , possibl shortcom or side effect of their product , etc , through easili access mass commun channel like the internet and televis . for exampl , compani issu public mutual fund do make it a point to issu a warn at the end of their promot on televis , ask viewer to exercis caution and prior research when invest in their fund . a third veri import point to note is the role of govern and/or judici bodi or author in pass law that ensur that advertis do not make fals claim , and allow custom to file suit as applic , against such compani . i believ that such law deter advertis from hype up their product . final , ani free societi ha a larg number of public interest group that volunt to monitor and check wrong act such as over-promot of good or servic in the intent of gain profit by misguid custom . such societi provid a framework to activ patrol and educ peopl about such mislead ventur . in conclus , i believ , that due to a host of factor , some of which i have detail abov , advertis of today , though capabl , do not actual make deliber attempt to mislead custom by over-hyp the featur of their product . true , they may use popular celebr to endors their brand , or use jazzi visual and other media , but the actual claim made are larg truth , and they do make sincer attempt to clarifi who their target audienc is .