i complet disagre with the fact that automobil , especi car , are go to degrad in number in the next coupl of decad . with the increas in present day technolog and the rapid life these day , car have becom of the most essenti part of one 's life . to start with , as the year are pass by , the standard of live of the peopl ha chang dramat , to be more precis , there ha been an increas hike in peopl 's way of life . modern gener peopl are begin to prefer car to ani other automobil , like for instanc , bike , motorcycl , etc . the reason for thi may be due to the overwhelm social econom uplift , or due to the increas temperatur day after day . travel on motorcycl and bike can be tough after 20 year from now with the mercuri rise year after year . some peopl , for exampl industrialist , consid possess of a prize car as a form of pride and honour of their statu . not to mention the technolog that ha been increas rapidli , which inturn prove to be more use to the automobil industri by encourag the maker of these car to evalu their car more and more , and their never end attempt to satisfi their custom can also be name as one of the reason . in a recent survey conduct by the reader 's digest magazin , it ha been state that the sale of variou car compani , for exampl hyundai , toyota , ford , etc. , have been soar sky high from the past two decad or so . there have also been case of almost 200 % increas in the sale of automobil in a consider short span of time . in the earlier day , possess a car wa actual a dream for the peopl . but now , it ha almost becom access to everyon which ultim decreas it chanc of subsid in number . take the next coupl of decad into consider , automobil , especi car , can be expect to have an import role in the social as well as econom life of a person , in whatev form possibl . neverthless , as far as i 'm concern , i can rate minimum scope for the declin expect of car from the world , as per the reason state abov . in short , `` life without car ca n't be imagin in the present day ! ''