the produc use advertis to introduc the product to the consum . the incom of compani depend on how much it sell it product by appeal effecitv to the audienc through advertis . also , certain compani might be in a competit with anoth compani , thu it would wish to make a better advertis to sell more product . becaus of these competit natur of advertis , the produc often make product seem much better than they actual are . a compani 's main goal is to sell as much product as possibl to grow econom . in order to sell a great number of product , a compani first ha to appeal to the consum . by make advertis that make product look much better than the actual product , a compani can encourag the audienc to at least come and look at their product . even though the consum may not buy the product , he or she will know about it sinc it appeal to them effect through the advertis . if the advertis did not make the product look that great , the consum would not even consid to come and see it . for exampl , an advertis of a new car or a comput demonstr that the product guarante the consum 's satisfact . howev , ani human made product is bound to have mistak and some error . when the consum purcha thi newli advertis comput , he or she will soon discov some malfunct which is not what the advertis suggest . becaus the compani made such an appeal advertis , it wa abl to sell it product , which wa their primari goal . anoth reason the compani use advertis that make product seem much better than they realli are is the competit with other compani . the competit caus the produc to want to discourag the consum to buy the other compani 's product and onli buy the product of hi or her . in order to caus thi discourag is to make an effect advertis . to win the competit , an exagger of it product will not be the compani 's main concern . thu , the compani will willingli make it product look much better in it advertis than it actual is . the advertis are the main mean of commun betweenth produc and the consum . to sell more product and to surviv in the competit with other compani , a certain compani will not hesist to make product seem much superior to the actual product .