the qualiti of a peopl 's educ and principl therein is measur in differ way . germani for exampl is still a countri veri much influenc by the ideal of humanist teach principl conveigh by and kept aliv almost sinc ancient time , when scholarli educ wa a matter of academi and reknown school of thought . it seem that german non-universitarian educ for high school student is still strictli model after thi old idea . therefor high school schedul in germani includ - or rather cram in ? - mani subject . as soon as a student reach univers or colleg level he find himself quickli forc into make hi first own educ choic for which - due to the lack of previou experi - he might not be readi . there seem to be a great disproport in what is consid import knowledg , everyon should have access to and in the understand of what a true academ realli is . when it come to univers academ are peopl highli special in their subject . german univers prais their specialist . of cours , the peopl display knowledg or even expertis in sever subject are often highli praiz but they are rare and get rarer by the gener of student . so much focu is put on the earli special of the mind that the broad and not necessarili deep level of knowlegd is complet underestim , wherea exactli thi level actual make peopl access and grant them light and fluenci of convers with mani differ peopl of - again - mani differ - social , intellectu etc. - level . unfortun , educ ha becom strongli influenc by trend of all kind . i am especi refer to the grow interest in econom studi rather than the human , includ philosophi . myself have enjoy substanti train in the classic - latin , greek and hebrew - i onli want to speak for the advanc of the broadli educ individu . the earlier a special take place the earlier a mind is locked-down and fix . in order to determin the best use and combin of one 's interest as well as capabl one ha to be as free as possibl for as long as possibl . i fear that special drain the individu earli of it creativ energi and serv as a uniform to knowledg in gener .