it ha becom quiet a common proverb that `` if you want to identifi a lead nation , you may start by identifi it cultiv popul '' . in other word , knowledg is a key issu for the advanc of individu and the evolut of nation . some peopl believ that knowledg may be restrict to a specif topic , while other peopl think that knowledg should cover a broader spectrum of inform . the first group of peopl say that special is an essenti criteria of the 21st centuri 's success . be knowledg in a specifc area secur a solid platform for a well-found advanc . an addit reason is that special provid an in-depth focu into relev research , and consider elimin the risk of get into an uncessari wast of time and human resourc , not to mention the financi one . a research done by the faculti of scienc at saint andrew univers in 2005 state that individu with a special academ background have an addit leverag of assist in research laboratori than other peopl with a more gener knowledg base . the other group of peopl believ that an academ portfolio rich of wide and diversifi topic is an essenti tool for advanc . they point out to the fact that most of the profession platform are offer nowaday the suffici train and orient for their recruit to be special in one area . therefor , the candid must be equip with a broader knowledg to be abl to sustain in hi daili life and be up to the mani facet of hi day : for instanc , would you wish to be in teh shoe of a special mathematician pioneer in hi field , but howev unabl to interact in a social gather when the issu of global heat is brought up ? person , i think that i can not align myself complet with either group . i have my reserv on both posit . while it is import to be a specialist in one 's field , thi idea doe not contradict the import of keep abreast of a varieti of topic . grasp more knowledg can never have a drawback ; besid , profession bodi are offer a gret relief concentr themselv on the special of their recruit . the more we know , the better we lead nation .