in tweeti year , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . in order to explain thi topic , we can show that thi is a controversari point , depend on which condit you look at thi situt . first of all , it 's easi to think that the automobil industri is grow up veri quickli , and there is more and more car on the road . thi certainli du to the increas of the price of the train and plan ticket thi last ten year . but , you can tell , that ingenior in the industri tri to chang thi problem , not by tri to reduc the car industri , but by tri to find a new way not to polut the planet , like by biocarbur . furtheremor , it 's nearli imposs to avoid peopl to use their car , like for work peopl , or peopl live far away . and in addit , today , have a car , is also to be part of the social world , to be autonom . howev , you can also tell that the futur of car is not clear . when you see the fast evolut of all the other way to be drive . furthermor , lot of peopl prefer public transport as a cheaper way to go to work , and gouvern understood thi and is develop thi , like in hong kong , where you can do everyth without anycar , or in london , where the citi doe n't allow ani car . or even in strasbourg were the french gouvern make cheaper ticket in order to encourag peopl to let their car at home . in addit , we can not plan clearli in which way the world will evolut . if you take as an exampl develop countri , becaus it 's the one who will be more affect by thi matter , you can alreadi tell how they alreadi tri to developp other way to move in and outsid of their countri . take as an exampl , the train develop and the decreas of the price in some compagni help by gouvern . in order to conclud about the evolut of the number of car in use in the road in tweenti year , in my opinion , i can say i agre with the fact there will be more and more car on the road , thi due to the evolut of the popul . but with the news technolog , the bad effect of thi in the environ and as a bigger scale in the planet , can be reduc , which is a good point , and as a matter of fact that the petrol ressourc in the world becam realli rare , which can be a real turn in the car industri , i hope in the good way .