the statement claim that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . i disagre with the claim that young peopl do not spend enough time to help their commun . some of the reason for my opinion is state below . first , these day we see that are lot of chariti organis which are be taken up and run by young peopl . let us take an exampl of an organ call banyan , which is veri popular organ in south india . the organ mainli aim at help peopl with mental disabilti . thi organ give them love and support and also educ peopl about certain disabl like alzheim 's diseas , etc . thi organizt wa form by three young girl in their mid-twenti who realiz that these peopl need the support and love of a famili . there are mani such exampl of organizant come up all across the world all run by young peopl . these day youngster becaus of greater access to inform and also as the overal standard of live of young peopl in the world is increas , they want to give someth back to the societi that help them grow up . there are young doctor who are readi to go to the remotest part of the world and treat peopl , there are youngster start ralli and process to fight for the variou problem face by the commun of the world . young peopl these day are awar of the situat in mani part of the world where poepl do n't get the basic necces of life . they want to work toward a societi which is truli free and doe not discrimin a person base on hi color or the languag he speak or the place he come from . let us take the 30 's and the 40 's , most of the youngster then were at war front fight for their countri . fight for countri doe not exactli translat to work for the better of your commun . you fight for your countri to ensur her freedom . these decad , were the time when almost the entir younger gener of the world wa engag in the world war , and could not spend time explicitli help the commun . follow the war came the cold war and the arm race , dure thi period the youth of the world were wari that a war might start and were busi protest against it or prepar for it . follow the end of the cold war , start atim when young peopl start make mani great achiev in differ field and they all want give someth back to the commun . let us take the exampl of chri martin , the lead singer of a band call coldplay . the album he and hi band have made have sold in million acroo the world , howev he spend major part of hi incom in the fight against aid and he also to chariti show to rais money to erad poverti in the third world countri . thu in term of money , time or effort young peopl these day are activ take part or they are start their own effort to help the commun across the globe .