even in the pressuris atmospher which the youth of today 's gener face for build hi or her carer , i do not think that they have deter from their respons toward the commun . it is true that day by day as the youth are get more and more competit so is the pressur on them by their parent and rel to have a secur futur and decent earn . in such an atmoospher it becom a bit difficult for the student to give way to their genuin feel to help other . but still as i have myself observ in my commun the youth have taken up the challeng and are help the poor and needi one by whatev mean they can . i would like to give an exampl of a veri small organ which carri out such a function . in my own institut theer is an organ call `` kashi utkarsh '' which tri to educ the illiter , poor children and provid them with ceratin daili requir . they even get the financi aid from the student of the colleg itself . there are variou big and legal organ institut which have been build by the govern of a countri which have maximum youth particip . it is true a part of the societi keep on postpon it responsibilti toward the societi by put up variou kind of lame excus like that of their time have not arriv yet to help other and they should first secur their posit in the societi befor help other . on the other there are variou children who help the needi one in their localitiy itself . it is not essenti to join an institut to help other social servic is quit appreci even if done on a veri small scale . even on governmnet 's side especi in unit stae of america , the will in the student to help the needi one is be promot by exempt a part of their colleg fee on volunt for the help peopl with veri limit mean . the student are encourag to take even class for student who have some difficulti with their subject . and the student are not pay for thi henc make them understand the mena of their be a part of the societi they live in . to illumin my point i do not think that exampl of mother teresa will be out of date . she did not start heal the wound and help the poor and needi one across the nation after she got old ! it wa onli that her work were recogn on an intern level after a certain period pof obscur . to conclud there is no dearth of student who are readi to work for the commun . what they lack is opportun and proper guidenc , which is provid adequ , there would never be ani such question aris !