in my opinion , i disagre with the idea in the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . i 'd like to give sever reason below . here is the list of reason whi i think so . one specif reason that come readili to mind is that i am abl to not onli go anywher with whomev i want to but also chang the schedul of travel flexiblli by myself if i go to travel individu . in travel to somewher , i 'd rather want to go not onli veri popular place but also such a place where it is not so famou . for exampl , it happen when i went to germani with my famili by not a tour . after travel sever day in germani , i went to a small church with my father in earli morn . of cours i also visit veri famou place , for exampl the church of kelln , but at that time , i wa so impress by the beauti of that small church . it is one of the greatest experi for me dure my stay in germani . like thi , of cours visit famou place by a tour group is good , but i want to go to a place which is not present by a tour guid . i think that tour group tend to visit onli popular place . secoundli , i can be excit by plan a tour itself . when i travel to somewher , i alway take long hour for plan and organ the schedul of trip . i 'd like to consid how i will go round , where i will go and so on . i can learn the geograph condit of a place or the weather pattern of a place by plan by myself . it 's prefer for me . plan travel is veri exicit activ . if i went to a trip by a tour group , i would not be abl to plan on ani schedul becaus a tour guid must make overal plan . of cours , i ca n't deni that there should exist some advantag in travel by a tour group . if we travel by a tour group , we can receiv detail explan about some histric heritag or cultur thing . and we may go a place where we ca n't find by ourself becaus a tour guid is a proffesion and he or she must know well about sightse spot than us . thi idea may make an equal valid argument for the opposit posit . but on care consider , i strongli believ that advantagea brought by travel individu must exceed those by travel by a tour group . consid all of the abov factor , of cours there are some advantag in travel by a tour group , i find more advantag in make a trip individu . actual , i tend to chang my schedul mani time dure my trip inher , i think my natur doe n't fit the trip by a tour group . trip that i can chang the schedul flexiblli is far more fascin for me .