when i wa a litl boy , i alway thought about `` whi doe uncl can look sad ? '' . it wa the time that i tri to creat new thought in my mind and tri to find whi we happen to be aliv . uncl can alway look sad and he alway said he said someth to deal with in hi mind . i tri to find and solv what he had in mind with my insuffici logic - like i said , i wa a littl boy then - , which i solv lot of time . howev it did not matter how mani time that i have solv hi problem . it just made him to creat more . then i understood that it is not just the `` thing in hi mind '' , but there is someth more which is social struct by human be and our cultur . as time goe by , we grew up and as time goe by we have more and more respons which are given to us by our societi , which is the fact that make older peopl more stress than younger peopl . when we are talk about societi , we have to stop and focu on the cultur of societi and social struct situt . in thi exampl that i will give , one may see thing more clearli . when i wa at elemantari school , i just had to pass my cours , then i attend to the highschool , now i had to pass my cours and be accept to a well-known univers . now i am studi at bogazici univers which is realli famou in turkey . howev my mission continu to increas and advanc while i am succed and go on . thi may seem a stori of one . howev that is not the truth . the truth is as a human be grew up , he/sh will have more respons which make us more stress than yesterday . whi do you think old peopl love to look at old pictur ? it is obviou that he/sh want to be like in the old day , the old day that he/sh had not ani respons . it may be seem like onli construct societi is to be blame . howev that constructor is us . human be creat societi and societi creat human be . we can not realli seper them . human be are well known as progres and ambiti and that is whi we are alway tri to better and more power , that make us stress and unabl to enjoy life day and day . to sum up , as time pass we will becom sad and old . becaus that is what we creat by want more and more . in thi post-modern world , we are stuck in our creat destini , which is as we get older we will enjoy life less than younger peopl .