i agre with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid for the follow reason . first of all , travel with a tour guid is easier and more effici than ani other way to travel . the group led by a tour guid usual have a well-design schdule and member in the group are abl to visit as mani place in a short period as possibl . moreov , even though the member do not know the languag spoken in the place they visit , they have less troubl with the help of the tour guid . for exampl , when i travel in the unit state ten year ago , i join a tour led by a tour guid . the bu that exclus drove for us led us to the famou sight-se spot in new york citi , such as the empir state build and the world trade center . dinner wa plan at famou restaur in littl itali . at night , we all went to see a music show , which wa at the time veri popular and wa hard to get the ticket for . if i had not join the tour , i could not have seen the music show . thi exampl clearli show sthat travel in a group led by a tour guid is better . second , travel with a tour guid give peopl opportun to learn more about the local cultur and histori . for exampl , i hire a tour guid when i travel in st. petersburg , russia . there are mani famou build and museum in and out of the citi , and i want to visit all of them especi the largest one in the citi . on the day we visit the meseum there wa a long , long line in front og the main entranc , but the tour guid led us to anoth small entranc of the museum and we were abl to get in without wait for a long time . insid the museum , she led us to the room with famou paint and decor which all the tourist must see . she also gave us lectur about art , histori , and king and queen that all relat to the museum histori . by her explan , i wa abl to understand russian cultur of the time . becaus she wa a russian guid , she knew veri well about the area . after our tour finish , she took a group to the restaur where pucikin , a russian writer , would have meal everyday . the experi wa unforgett . in conclus , i definit agre with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid .