some peopl think say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid with a strick schedul . while thi might be true in some circumst , it is better to travel with a few close friend without a strict schedul . travel with a few close friend without a specif schedul or rout allow peopl to trueli experinc a place with a constant sens of excit and explor . when travel with a larg group with a tour guid . the tour guid usual lay out a plan rout and inform poepl where the next stop is . thi take the fun of explor out of travel . travel is about see new thing and explor a place without a person spoon-feed you of the inform about the place . differ peopl want to visit differ place , becaus of repect tast . artist might typic visit a museum of natur scienc , while an archeologist might not be interest in visit a modern art exhibit . howev , in a larg group with a tour guid , there is no freedom to explor a place and skip tourist site by one 's own will . everyon will see what everyon els see . there is no skip or revisit of ani particular site . such trip will rare satisfi ani member of the travel group complet . howev , travel with a tour guid might prove to be conveni sometim . in a foreign countri , where the peopl speak a differ languag from your , have a tour guid can save you valuabl time and energi ask for direct or price of item . the tour guid will help you bypass the frustrat of languag barrier , sinc he/sh know the languag . convers , hire a tour guid cost much money . without a tour guid , you can travel with more money to spend on hotel and food dure the trip . travel in a larg group and tour guid can help you safe time and much frustrat in a foreign countri , which doe not use your nativ languag . howev , have a tour guid is expens , and travel in a larg group ruin the fun of explor a new place with complet freedom . if the travel in a trip are rush like cattl , graze past mani site superfici without satisfi anyon 's need in the group , then the trip is not a fulfil one . therefor , such trip should be avoid ( or experienc by just read internet articl ) .