the emprov of the educ system is a current issu in everi contri . we tri to kow if it is better for the student to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . what would be the best solut in a world where employ safeti is reali rare . in one side some studi requir to be reali special in one specif subject , becaus some job are onli made for special worker . that is the case of medic suti for exampl . when we have an heart diseas we want to have the best specialist , somon who reali know everyth about the subject and tha will better be abl to cure you . if you studi one specif subject you will have more time to learn everyth about the subject . noth will disturb you from your studi . you can concentr on one thing and it is easier . you will be better on your futur job if your knowledg is reali good on the subject you are work on . on the other side studi onli one specif subject can just fit to peopl who want to be specialist and who reali know what he want to be later . there are a lot of student who are still uncertain of what they want to becom . that is whi , sometim it can be better to have a broad knowledg of academ subject . you can discov differ subject and see what reali fit you and what would be the better job you would like to do . some studi are realli gener , for examl busi . they teach you a lot of thing in busi school : market , manag , languag . .. and sometim even histori of religion . it is reali good on a person point of view to have broad knowledg . for exampl when you learn economi you will be abl to understand the news , the polit problem and the everyday life better . you can make you a person point of view of everyth tha surround you . furthermor in the present econom situat , with all the unemploy problem , it is better to have studi differ subject . on the job market now quit everi one ha to be multifonct , to be abl to do everyth . a lot of peopl now chang job minimum onc in theuir life . the more they know subject , the easier it will be to find a job . you will have more choic . to conclud , special is necessari in certain job were you are requir to have strong knowledg on your subject . but it is more and more useful to have broad knowledg .