i agre with the statement that understand idea and concept is more benefici than learn fact to student . while understand make student trueli keep the idea , learn fact onli make student memor the idea . there are more advantag in understand than in learn fact . in these day , the societi need the peopl who can not onli work with their knowledg but also appli it to the work place . if the peopl just memor the fact , they might be a good worker but can not be a better worker . in contrast , if the peopl understood the idea and concept , they can develop the way they work by appli what they know . thi is the same in the class too . in my case , i wa just memor math formula instead of understand the fact . it seem to work veri well when i do the simpl question . howev , in differ to my expect , i wa not abl to solv the applic question . so i start to understand the concept by ask my teacher . then , i could solv everi question on the test and reciev the good mark . similar to my experi in math class , one of my friend experienc the advang of understand in english class . she ha been alway hard-work . she doe everyth with her best effort . in her english class , she work hard on `` hamlet . '' she read the whole play twice and memor import line and devic use in the play . her teacher , howev , did not expect the stuedent to studi in that way . her teacher want hi student to actual understand the play , and express the educ emot about the play . on her first test , she reciev faili poor mark . so she start to look at the play in differ charact ' prespect . then she reciev the good mark from her english teacher . through my experi and my friend 's , i learn that understand is more import than just learn or memor fact . as shown abov , when student just learn fact , they can not appli their knowledg into the deep studi , while those who understand the idea and concept can get better and better as they studi . thu , i think student should focuss their studi on understand instead of focuss on memor .