the topic of that weather to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject that to special in one specif subject is a veri controversi issu . there can be sever argument that support that be a special on one topic is better becaus you have enough knowlegd for the work that you do properli . howev , when we look at the topic in term of busi life and academ life it is obviou that to have a broad knowledg of academ subject is better . one of the advantag of have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject can be seen in busi life . by the expand of the global , now it is import that if one have sever subject backround for him or her it is easier that to be abl to make relat with sever peopl . in sever busi compani , there can be need for a differ type of peopl for differ topic anytim . in such a case if one have broad knowledg about mani academ subject i mean if he or she have enough knowlegd to make that job , the job is go to be offer for him or her , in addit to that the peopl have broad knowledg can have a chanc to be promot . second advantang of have broad knowledg about sever academ topic can be seen in academ career itself . when one want to be make a academ career but if he or she doe not sure about the field of the career , he or she can have more option to choos . in addit to that by use the broad knowledg one can easili chang their field if he or she doe not want to continu that field becasu of some reason . in other word , the interchang of the studi field can be possibl with a broad knowledg . in conclus , the advantageous of have broad knowledg rather than have special in one specif subject can be seen in both busi and academ career . when we look at the busi career , by have a broad knowlegd it is more easi that one can chang hi or her depart or be promot in hi or her depart . in addit to that when the academ career is examin it is obviou that be broad knowlegd about academ subject make the decid of the choos the appropri studi field easier . so , have a broad knowlegd is better .