the human kind alway need to advertis to reach good life standart therefor advertisi is a veri import aspect of human life . eveyon ha differ point of view about the idea of advertmisien . some assum that most advertisi make product seem much better than they realli are in conrari to these some assum that the advertisi is show onli the truth . i am personelli agre the fir idea . these are my follow reason . to begin with the product aim is to spread hi good so sometim they said some wrong thing . all of the product want to a high percanteg of human buy their product . henc they make a great advertisi movi and tell ev everybodi to tell their product are great and it cant includ abi fatol thing . howevar when we see the real thi is not real . for exampl a jean product advertis said their jean is so strong and if we buy their jean we use it sever year neverthless i cant use it although it is onli one month after in addit to thi thi they use attract thing henc it is easili to buy their product . when we look at the choclat or icecream advertisi we alway see the thin giorl and boy . they are obviosli known to which colori the product includ and if they contini to eat them they becom disgust and fat human . howevar the individu which is watch the movi , they believ it is normal to eat them , i am alway see the thin peopl eat thi full colori choclat and they never becom fat . i want to give an exampl which base on my observ . i wa in the local market and itv ha a small tv . one custom who watch the fun and great advertasi , decid to buy icecream although she is aproximettli 85 kilo : )) the last but not least they use the fashion face therebi they easioli emphas us to look everyon use our product . a high percanted of product use the fashion face to their advertasi . if we ask themselv to whi they use alway the fashion face , the answer is so simpl . the human trust them henc they dont care if it useless or a good product . the human care onli david beckham or nicol kidman . so theyb buy the same product which gener the fashion face never and never use . my littl nephew who is admir the david beckham alway buy the product . at the end i would like to coclud by say there a big mistak yo believ and buy the product which have onli good adverts . we can notb believ the advertisimen becous sometim they said lie and they use attract thing henc we easili buy their product as well as they use fashion face and emphas us . the long and and the short of it that