actual , for some point i agre with the statement , and for some point i do n't . becaus , in my opinion , ` idea and concept ' and ` fact ' are two interrel issu that can not be seper . i will explain thi statement with some exampl . for instanc , we can think about histori . in histori , there are mani fact which had also result that affect the world in a posit or neg way . from a closer past , the war in iraq will be a good exampl for a fact . of cours , there are idea and concept behind thi war , howev , ` the actual war ' which is occur ha more signific . if we are awar of thi fact , if we know it , we can do someth to stop it . idea and concept that will be thought as solut , come after thi realiz of the situat . anoth exampl for histori will be the agreement , negoti between differ countri . these are fact to be known becaus they them are made at a specif time and some of them come to the present day . as anoth exampl , from a differ field , we can consid art and architectur . both of these area creat artifact , art product . but beyond that , they produc ` concept ' , ` idea ' and use the intellectu background of an individu ( tri to mean the artist , or the architect ) . so , what affect an individu ? the medium that he/sh come from , the differ thought of philosoph , thinker he / she pursu . for instanc , we can think about leonardo da vinci or michel foucault , or frank llyod wright , or zaha hadid , and so on . .. still , profession are discuss their ` fact ' , which i understand as their art object , book , or artifact . the purpos of these discuss is to figur out the main idea , the concept of the peopl . have ani idea about these peopl lead them , encourag them to find out their own conceptu capac . in the light of these two exampl from differ field , i want to emphas that understand idea and concept and learn fact have both equal import for the student . they are not free from each other , rather , they both depend on and affect each other . a new idea come from know the fact - and other ' opinion as well , and fact are result of specif idea and concept .