well , everybodi agre with the fact that the more knowledg we have , the better it is ! but , is it better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject ? my respons will be synthet in two part , becaus both proposit must be develop . first , while read the sentenc , i would probabl say that it is better to have knowledg in mani subject . besid , it permit us to know better how stuff work , how the world is move , and also how relationship between human are function . as far as i am concern , i like to debat with my friend . i think that the knowledg is here necessari for two reason : the first one is that to debat on a subject , it is better to know a bit about it ! if you have a knowledg onli in one domain and if the debat doe not concern your , you will probabl get fastli lost on thi debat . on the other hand , have a knowledg in mani domain permit one thing which is primordi to have a good and construct reflexion . i mean that to construct a good respons , you will certainli have to pick up inform in sever domain , then confront them so you could arriv to a conclus . if you onli have one subject to talk about , your reflexion will be poor . but , can we realli say that it is bad to have onli knowledg in one subject ? well , peopl who are special in onli one subject gener know it perfectli . i admir thi peopl , by the simpl reason that they can explain you so much thing on thi subject , and it is often veri interest to listen to them . even more , it is an advantag to find a job . mani societi often search peopl who have onli one specif domain , so that they can be sure thi man is the perfect one for the job . as a conclus , i will say two thing . the first one is that i think a person who is special in onli one domain would alway be abl to learn rapid anoth element of anoth domain . but a person who know lot of domain will certainli have mani more difficulti to specili into one of it . final , it is veri interest to talk with both of these person to learn the most thing as possibl . but i do n't think we make the choic ourselv : it happen natur .