for as long as i can rememb , quit a few peopl have been debat on whether have a wide rang of knowledg of mani academ subject is desir or not . regard thi point , some peopl seem to go for the knowledg of mani academ subject becaus they think that broad knowledg enrich our live . howev , i strongli believ that special in one specif subject is better sinc know of mani field is not easi and one specif knowledg allow peopl to plan to career . to begin with , it is normal difficult to have broad knowleg in mani field . in other word , learn and acquir a vast amount of knowleg is arduou thing . for exampl , i had a hard time rememb all of content on the final exam dure colleg life . i need to put all of my effort and energi in order to studi mani subject , not to mention my major . mani academ subject rather made me disorgan and felt hectic . it wa realli pointless and not effici . i took the exam , not understand all part of subject becaus of the lack of time . after all , i got a low grade in my major subject as well as other academ subject . thi case clearli show that cultur a huge rang rang of academ subject is not help . in addit , specilia in one specif subject is conduc to plan one 's career in the futur . in modern societi , it is the most import to understand and know well in one 's specif area . thi is mainli becaus , the compani set a standard in the way they recruit employ who have superior abil in their field . therefor , everi person is requir to have except capabl in their area . for exampl , one of my friend , min-su who special in english dure colleg . he concentr on onli hi major and tri hi best to understand better . consequ , he got a scholarship throughout all hi colleg life . furtheromr , just after graduat , he got a great profess relat to hi major . thu , thi also illustr that speciail one specif subject is benefici in offer chanc to plan a specif job in one 's life . to sum up , i firmli consid that it is ideal for peopl to special one specif subject instead of have a varieti of knowleg of mani subject in that it is exact to take mani academ subject and one specif subject help them fine a decent job . with respect to thi point , there is a famou say that if you want a well , dig one place .