in thi essay i would like to discuss the statement , if there will be fewer car in use in twenti year than there are today . on the one hand we have to see that the number of car increas rapidli in the past . there ha been a lot of technic develop dure year and year . at the moment you see more car on the street than you did in the past . citi repres are say that there is n't even enough space for all those car . they 're build more park area and larger street . but now we have to discuss wether thi develop , seen in the past will go on . i think in time of global the market around the world spread and peopl are will to drive car . on the other hand the resourc with which car drive , name oil , is becom rare . there wo n't be enough oil in the futur to make each car on the world drive . but as i alreadi said , there ha been remark develop in technic research and i think that in the futur car wo n't drive with ga or oil but with solar energi or h ^ 2 . we will have to see if industri will be abl to produc as mani car as they 're requir by peopl . also we are not sure if the oil will be rare in twenti year . howev , today it can be seen that the car produc industri ha the potenti to build futur car . but at the moment they gain a lot of money with the old by ga drive car . so they say : `` whi should we build futurist and environ friendli car , if we get enough money with the old car ? '' . they should chang their behaviour and build environ friendli car so that the oil wo n't be that rare that not everybodi could drive hi car resp . buy a new one . as one can see there are mani factor , which have to be discuss for a statement like that . a lot ha to be done that there could be more car in futur than there are today . out of today 's view i think that there wo n't be less car in use than there are today . in twenti year there still will be enough oil to feed all the car . unfortun the car produc industri doe n't use the potenti for enviro friendli car so that the number of car wo n't decreas in twenti year and may even increas but with a longer view there will be a chang on the street with fewer car and car as a symol for money as it is mayb fli in plane nowaday .