i agre with the statement that , in twenti year , there will be fewer car in use than there are today . there are sever reason that i would like to present in support of my view . firstli , car pollut . air pollut is increas by the day and at alarm rate . though there are strict law that are be impos on the automobil industri to make car pollut less , these law ca n't prohibit peopl from buy car . more peopl will buy car and more pollut will occur and thi , support by reason i give after thi one , will , in say decad 's time , revers the situat and peopl will stop use car . at the present rate of air pollut , the day where the ecolog balanc is lost is not far ahead . though it 's be control by all govern , it can not be elimin . pollut will eventu lead to destruct of tree and plant , direct of indirect death of anim on land and in water and peopl will realiz what they are do to the world . secondli , oil price are rise veri fast . how much ever the govern promis it 's citizen not to rais tax , it will have to rais tax , becaus it 's not in the govern 's hand to keep them down at the same level for ever . one day , ga will be so costli that peopl will stop drive car and start use other mode of public transport like buse and train . thirdli , the rate at which oil is be drill and extract out of the earth , is extrem larg compar to the rate at which it is be produc . and the world ha limit oil resourc that can be made use of . it 's possibl that peopl might still use car but use electr instead of ga . but where will electricili come from ? a larg chunk of total electr is produc from oil and natur ga product , and they are still a major sourc of electricuti compar to solar energi or nuclear energi . lastli , road space is a big issu in most citi now . peopl buy car without realiz they do n't have anywher to drive them . huge increas in traffic congest will onli make peopl give up car and take the train instead , becaus they know the train ca n't get stuck in a traffic jam . the car ha long been a statu symbol . there will be a stage when ifin , i opin that there will be fewer car in use in twenti year than there are today .