i agre the statement that , from the past we come across the fact that younger peopl enjoy their life more compar to the older peopl . peopl enjoy their life alot when they are young . younger peopl ha the stamina and consist to do the their work which can not possibl for the older peopl . the are sever reason that old peopl can not enjoy more than the young . firstli , becaus their stamina is not consist after becom older . there are sever fact , some og them are they can not eat their own food , they can not getup themselv unless a person can help them . secondli their matur mind will not be same as when they are younger . for exampl , my grandmoth who is 80 year old she can not do her own work by herself desperatli she a need help either from my mom or dad . for instanac one day my grand mother sick up and she can not move a side from her bed then my mom help her to take bathroom . these are the some of fact of peol whose age is arround 60 's . we can know from the abov statement that older peopl arround 60 's can not do their own work then how can they enjoy like younger children of 10 - 20 year children . onc , when i are pali cricket in groung near by side of my hous , my grand father came and said he want to play the cricket . he play a singl ball he suffer from sever chest pain . the older peopl ha no consist and stamina compar to the younger one . older peopl arround can enjoy their life in differ fassion by leav with their childern and spare alot of time with grand children . ofcousr what they will expect more than that . their are both advantag and shortcom for younger and older peopl enjoy . younger peopl enjoy play with other and pali joke and roam here and their in bike . most of the time peopl enjoy while they are in school . the older peopl enjoy in their fashion buy some toy and neccess item for the grand children and made them happi ofcousr no one can expect much more than that . henc , i conclud that younger peopl enjoy their life in their own fassion and older peopl enjoy in differ from younger which mention earlier in the passag . i prefer both pali an import role in their life .