when it come to travel , travel itself is not to pass by some place or road , but to pass the memori of past and to broaden each person 's sight , which is differ from one anoth . thu i disagre with travel in a group led by a tour guid . travel with a certain tour guid could make peopl inform about the fact of tour place . but it never make peopl appreci their real valu as much as tour by oneself or with a group of two or three . i have onc made a trip to seattl , canada . there were about 100 peopl in my compani and sever tour guid . in addit to the gloomi and murki weather there , what it made me frustrat , there were some restrict that we , 100 peopl , should n't do such as go outsid hotel and shop . i knew how much troubl it would caus if one person were miss . out of all excit and curiou feel , it did n't make sens to me that we care and count the number of peopl miss if ani . so after come back from the trip , i had not much memori with seattl . all memori about tour guid incessantli infinit inform without move around freeli came up on my head everyday for quit few day . in contrast to the trip to canada , onli with my sole bodi and my friend , i have gone to california from texa where i wa live then . on the way to go to my destin , lo angel , we drop by la vega . everywher i could meander wa enough to inspir my sens of appreci . although i did n't come to learn ani inform about travel place in detail , i wa content with even small matter that i learn by look , walk , and ask if i had ani question . after that trip to california , i could not help but think about the fun memori and wholesom inform i myself had ask ( so never forget ) . moreov i wa so thank for the time and natur , for veri littl thing . i felt i enjoy so much that i want to go again . there is distinct differ thing between travel in group with tour guid and travel in person without tour guid . if i had made a trip twice with exact same cours consecut with a group and tour guid , it would have been bore and pointless . the real mean of travel in my opinion is when i have refresh everi time differ even at the same rout . and the real tour guid is in oneself who is capabl of seek for the joy of the travel .