although some peopl may think an advertis product is realli typic to it form in the advertis , i believ that product look much better in advertis than they do in realiti . my opinion is base on sever experi and exampl . first , it is a known fact that all advertis tend to show their product as the best in the market , a tendenc that is increas by the increas competit among produc . so , ani produc will onli show the advantag of hi product and disregard it disadvantag . for exampl , an advertis for a certain product will onli show peopl who were satisfi with the product , and allow them to give a lengthi explan of how the product chang their live , even though the product may have no impact on a person 's life at all , such as dog food , and in mani case the person talk in the advertis ha not even seen the product . an import point to consid when watch an advertis is the size of a product , which is , not surprisingli , larger in the advertis than it realli is . so , a burger sandwich could be nearli as larg as a pizza , and similarli , a piec of furnitur , such as a tabl or a chair or a desk can be misleadingli larg in an advertis . anoth exampl is shampoo . an advertis for shampoo will show girl with silki hair , give the impress that thi particular brand of shampoo will make the curliest hair more nourish and healthi . anoth techniqu that mislead the custom in an advertis is to show peopl , and in some case celebr , use the product and have a great time , which give the consum the impress that buy the proct will make him feel happier . sinc we are all search for happi , mani peopl may be encourag to buy the product . person , i have had sever disappoint experi with advertis . i have bought bag , cloth and even furnitur after watch mislead advertis on tv and read great custom review for product on the internet , which turn out to be much less satisfi than they are portray . i have to admit that some of the product were good , but still not as good as they appear in the advertis . the problem associ with the fact that product may sometim seem better in advertis than they realli are is exacerb by the use of the internet for shop , where the consum buy a product without actual see it . still , advertis are interest and do provid import inform about product , we just have to learn to think befor we buy .