i think that 's not a veri accur statement , inde , becuz enjoy the life ha noth to do with age or aged . enjoy life is a matter of know to get real tast from life or not and regardless of their age , anyon who like to tast the extrem limit of life can achiev that in the best way . for exampl , who get more tast from life , a disabl young boy or an old grandmoth of your who still feel vivid , fresh and joy as ever , young girl or the old grandmoth ? of cours , the old grandmoth doe , becaus the young boy is n't will to do anyth as he ca n't use hi bodi properli . he ca n't walk or run . he ca n't ride a bike unlik the abl one who can enjoy life ride on a bike or go for a walk in the street hold the hand of hi or her darl . as it is illustr in the abov exampl , we ca n't gener that the old peopl are usual bore and dull peopl who like to stay in their home wait the end of their life to come sooner . in the same way , we can claim the opposit , name , we can come across with lot of young peopl who want to buri their sorrow by live their life jubitantli and old peopl who do n't want to do anyth regard live the life in the happiest way , howev we see on tv program , though not everi day , old peopl who dabbl in sport like cano , jog etc. despit their advanc year in life and lack of strenght , but on all account they know no limit and enjoy their life of their own accord without have to think that they are not young peopl and young peopl , at the same time , do n't want to go out owe to their lack of pushi or extrovert . accord to their own light , they enjoy the life mere by stay at home and watch telli . when on earth ask them whether they enjoy life , most of them repli the question say no without ani logic reason at all , but they sole say no under such circumst . no one at all realli know whi they say no . do they have handicap in life which imped them to live the life as their heart wish or did they have a bad traffic accid which result in the loss of the famili member . of cours no . so whi ? becuz they do n't know to get the ultim tast of life regardless of their age .