i do not agre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . mayb most young peopl do enjoy more of life than older peopl , but it all depend on each individu 's situat of life . some peopl say one must take advantag and enjoy all life can bring when one is young becaus onc older , there would be not enough time and energi to do so . but thi is not necessarili true . it is a fact that as peopl get older , their bodi get stiffer , but if one exercis regularli , thi wo n't happen as quickli as it happen to peopl who do not exercis at all . and older peopl might enjoy life more than younger peopl becaus they have mani benefit that mani younger peopl do not have . such as money , and matur . one ha to have financi backup in order to enjoy some kind of activ becaus most of the enjoy activ that we human seek , requir a larg amount of money that young peopl can not afford . a person who enjoy travel , for exampl . travel requir to pay for a varieti of advantag such as , a place to sleep in ( hotel , resort ) , food , souvenir , tour , and mani other activ one is like to pursu when travel . one also ha to possess enough matur becaus onli a matur person can complet enjoy of some specif activ or action . sinc young peopl are like to get into ani kind of troubl which might instantli lead to displeasur and ruin the enjoy part of ani experi . one exampl might be when one run out of suppli when travel again . an older person is more respons and take control over all suppli and resourc that might be need in ani occas , and enjoy at the same time . but most young peopl can not maintain the balanc between enjoy and control . one young person might have taken a certain amount of money with him but spent all the money on entertain for exampl . and end up without anyth to eat for a whole day mayb . there are mani other exampl prove that most older peopl enjoy life more than younger peopl do . becaus a major of younger peopl do not possess what older peopl do .