special wa not the begin of academ but after the industri revolut special becam import . the work of each worker identifi after that time and professor as univers worker have to obey that process . howev , i believ that special in academ area is danger for free thought and for the improv of revolutionari idea . if we look closer to histori scienc in 20th centuri , most of the scientist who bring the revolutionari idea are out of the academi or not from the disciplin . einstein wa a mathematician even he wa just work on a scientif jurnal . there are mani exampl that support my proposit . nevertheless , if we pay close attent to philosophi of feyaraband , we can see that how our strong belief prevent the revolutionari idea in scienc . he claim that our deep belief in our scienc discourag peopl out of the field . at first glanc special will appear even it will bring the academ person possibl to improv himself in hi area . howev , thi idea forget an import point , all field in scienc are connect by the core idea of scienc and if an academician want to improv himself he ha to learn it with the connect of the field with other field and t is the philosophi of the current scienc . most of us begin to think that the age of philosophi is over and scienc will take it place . thi proposit is true in a senc . the prevail academ approach may want that becaus positivist approach of academi claim that scienc is develop day by day . the argument use to claim that are mostli relat to technolog field . howev , it must be seen that technolog is the applianc of scienc not an extra knowledg for us . moreov , becaus the argument given are all in their term and confirm each other , there is no way to reject the improv in technolog . in other word , technolog is in close relationship with scientif belief that make it possibl . thu , such an argument is meanless to show whether we are in the right way or not . the overwhelm belief in prevail scienc prevent us to examin it . even it is epistemolog perspect is not strong as it appear at first glanc . therefor , if we want to improv ourselv and begin to think freeli , we should rise our head and ask question to endeep our knowledg on anyth . in that way we may be abl to see the connect .