with the swift and tremend develop of industri , peopl are make everi effort to enjoy life . in the mean time , the industri growth also bring huge damag to human live condit . the air pollut produc by over use of vehicl is a warn that peopl should cut down on the applic of them , which lead me to believ that in 20 year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . to begin with , the abus of car ha caus sever environment issu . mani peopl have been in possess of car for quit a long time . they travel by car , go to work in a car , and even discuss commerci transact in the move statu sinc it is an effici way to promot the deal . howev , it is commonli realiz that gasolin consumpt may lead to undoubtedli seriou environment problem includ but not limit to air pollut and infecti diseas concern lung function . the ga emit by the engin is a detriment to human live surroud , which can damag human lung , limit the function of breath to carri adequ oxygen to everi part of huamn bodi . on the other hand , such emit ga can drift in the air for a long time possibl becom the excel medium for the growth of bacteria . furthermor , nowaday , more and more peopl are wari of the problem caus by car . peopl , aim at sustain develop , are undergo a lot of measur to control the damag . scientist are conduct experi to evalu the result of car produc ga . servic worker are promulg the latest or mayb recent find of them to guid peopl in a correct direct -- decreas the use of car . peopl can also enhanc their health by other altern of car . they may practis their strength and endurabililti by ride or run in stead of drive . in thi way , peopl forc themselv to use their own muscl and energi which is a both econom and effect way to improv their health and weight loss , a popular issu , may also be realiz . in a word , in my view , use of car will becom less and less in 20 year in that it result in rigid environment damag , and peopl may becom healthier by abandon car despit that car without gasolin consumpt may be produc out in a mass sinc the use of car may increas human weight , caus a lot of problem relat to blood pressur and heart function .