as it to the best way to travel , diffrent peopl hold differ idea due to differ person and experi . person , i do not agre with the satement that it is the best way to travel in group led by a tour guid . peopl agre with that statement believ that travel with group led by a quid will help them miss none of the scene site and they have someon take charg of problem . they also believ they will be benefit from tour guid sinc they are not familiar with the palc they plan to visit . howev , i have hundr of reason and exampl to argu back . the most import reason support my argument is that tour guid may take you to all of the scene site bu by a veri fast speed . last year , i join a group organ by a travel agent to hangzhou for two day ' tour . the guid took us round more than fifiti resort site aroung hangzhou in less than 15 hour which mean we spend no more than 20minut for each site includ laod from big bu and rush through the entranc and even shop at high price . that fast speed exhaust everyon the the way to finish the assign , no let enjoy the beauti natur and histor view in hangzhou . moreov some tour guid take you to some shope to encourag you spend more money on the site . most of my friend complain a lot when they buy a lot of useless under the situiat of constant persuid by their tour guid . in addit , peopl do not need to be worri about the un-familiar place . befor i start to travel with my friend to a new place , we first collect inform and print the local mapto take along . then make a plan and prepar thing for travel like cell phone , bateri , driver liscenc and some other neccessai . travel alon or with friend ha alot of enjoy especailli drive by car yourself . last weekend , when we drove our car from burbank to lasvega , we ran from the morn through the rural area to un-famous natur lake , and pass by a vast desert , at last we saw a round and big moon hang clost to the lasvega citi . all the way , we enjoy the chang of day and the natur , as well as the friendship . we drove altern in turn and everybodi took their respons like a team group with no cheat and hur . abov alll the reason and exampl that i could not be enough to say that the best way to travel is with friend but it is definit safe to draw the conclus that travel in a group led by a tour guid is never could be a best way to travel