i disagre with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . in my opinion , travel alon or in an autonom small group offer more depth and freedom to a trip . howev , travel with a group and guid also ha certain aspect that may appeal to peopl with differ tast . travel alon or in a small group often mean a less rigid and more flexibl travel plan . you are onli limit by when the plane/boat/bu arriv or leav . everyth els , from where to stay , where to dine , or what site to visit , can be arrang on the fli or chang on a whim . for exampl , a trip to europ origin meant to see the great castl of the middl age can easili be chang to an excit adventur focus on the modern night club of pari . in most tour group , the whole trip is plan out in advanc , the hotel book , the tour arrang . in my opinion , thi lack of freedom mean that you are n't abl to pursu what interest you most about the place you are travel in , and instead must conform to what the tour guid choos as `` worth see '' or `` interest '' . anoth benefit of independ travel is the possibl of more depth to the whole experi . as mention befor , most tour group have to follow a rigid schedul . take the europ trip for exampl again ; if you were to come across a beauti , intric littl chapel in the castl you are visit , you could stay there for the rest of the day if you wish to , take in the beauti of the place at leisur . on the other hand , if you were in a tour group , the onli way to appreci that beauti chapel would probabl be to sacrific a restroom break in the hope of snap a few extra pictur . anoth exampl would be visit a museum , if you are go with a guid and group , the experi will be limit to what the guid can show you , often no more than a rush glanc of the most famou work , and then it 's off to the next piec . howev , visit a museum alon mean that you are abl to appreci all the artwork that interest you , without the pressur to leav in time for dinner . howev , it must also be acknowledg that travel in a group with a guid can have sever advantag as well . most importantli is that the tour guid is often someon familiar with the local languag and custom , which can make arrang of dine and lodg easier . most tour group agenc also have deal with the local hotel and retaur , which in turn mean cheaper deal or better qualiti accomod . for someon who travel to relax , eat good food , and stay at five star hotel , it would be better to go with a group . in conclus , i think the best way to travel is not in a group led by a guid , but rather alon or with a small group . thi is becaus that i treasur freedom and the potenti for a deeper experi more than the conveni of travel with a group .