as peopl know more and more in their lifetim , they suppos it is the most import to tri thing new , in order to bring them to a higher level that can make them a success person . howev , thi could hardli be true sinc success not onli cost new idea , but also hard work and patienc of woke on thing they have alreadi known . first of all , it is said that practic make perfect . without repeat over and over again , do the same thing , peopl can not finish a task greatli . for instanc , the famou chine athlet , liu xiang , as one of the best runner in the world nowaday , he is success . yet he is train to do the most simpl and basic thing everyday to win the golden metal . he is request to go slowli run and log distanc run , and jump back and forward in the field . these thing are certainli the thing he knew how to do when wa five year old . although know how to do them , he keep on practis everyday , and the repeat , howev , take him to the first place in the race and achiev hi success by thi kind of train . so , do what a person ha alreadi known and do it better and better , even the best , can enventu make a person success . in addit , poepl keep do the thing they alreadi know is much more import than mere tri new thing . thi is just like a basic attitud toward life , which show that a person can not do thing he know well , can bare do thing he doe not even know . for exampl , if a person doe not read veri well , that mean he/sh can not read fast and accur , he/sh will not achiev a nice score in univers that requir a high level of read skill . in thi case , the read abil is the person ha alreadi known and , further , may ha the approach of how to read well , but the poor read abil affact him/her in the field of further educ , and the real situat is , befor he/sh tell other peopl how to read , or tri the new way of read , he/sh ha alreadi fail the univers . final , a person concertr on tri new thing will overlook the purpos and import of do thing in thi new and riski way . note know how to ride a bicycl , is the question remain until a person fell down from the race bicycl or a motorbik . the thing peopl have alreadi know may seem bore , but the day peopl understand it realli well , they can see through their aim of tri new thing and will be mote possibl , successful . henc , it is the most signific for a person to becom success to do thing they have alreadi known and do it as great as possibl .