i disagre with the statement . travel in a group take away your freedom in time and space you may find it is easier and safer to move around in a group , but in realiti , if you wish to go and stay in a certain place for a certain time , that choic is not possibl if the group ha a differ agenda . a tour guid can be use and inform , but thi also take your agenc of decid what to see , where to go . the best part of travel in a group with a tour guid is the safeti and the less effort you need to gather inform about the place , and inform for ensur the safeti . but thi is also the worst part of travel in a group , in that , it elimin posit accid . by posit accid , i mean your opprotun to meet peopl , find a great shop or street by accid , find a new thing about the place which may not be market in the mainstream tourism . travel in a group can take away some occur that can onli happen becaus you have no agenda or specif inform , becaus you wonder around . a good exampl of thi is go to a restaur . if you travel to hong kong , you find there are restaur that are specif for tourist . they are expens , give less ifnorm about local food and cultur , and you meet no local . but if you are will to take a risk of wonder around , ask around the local peopl to show a good restaur , that experi can give you so mani episod . you get to commun with the local peopl , mayb tri speak a foreign languag , find out what is consid a good food in the place and how to use the public transport , and line up in the restaur and eat , learn the `` local '' way of do thing . sinc i prefer adventur and realli experienc a place when i travel , instead of be a part of market and `` sell out '' tourism , i choos to travel alon , in my way , in my own time . if i work hard to find a good restaur , i would like to decid what to eat there and how long to stay , not mind what the group may and should do . some may say the troubl it take to gather inform about the place on his/her own is too much , and it is better to leav the job to the tour guid . howev , recent there are so mani book and websit about travel alon ( or as a coupl but without ani guid ) that are easili accessbl , that the thing i mentioni abov about get around on your won can be easili found in a book , such as `` lone planet . '' after all , travel is a mean to get away and place yourself in an odd situat , get away from your mundan life and chore . in that perspect , no group tour is benefici if that limit your adventur - possit accid . by plan and travel alon , you may find a new aspect of the place you are visit , which is your own origin version and not the market version that are equal given to ani tourist . i think my posit can be easili support by the numer current tv program about backpak , travel alon , seek so-cal adventur in travel . a famou exampl of thi will be a program call `` global trekker . '' now the trend is in adventur . travel in a group with a tour guid may be a good idea for older peopl , but for myself , i chose travel alon .