when we turn on a t.v. we alway see advertis which look good and use to us . it is so common to see advertis from anywher and it is true that advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . peopl know thi and they know product is not that good and not need , they tri to buy thi becaus of famou person advertis it or it fake view chang peopl 's mind and peopl are greedi and advertis use thi peopl 's mind to make there 's look better than they realli are . teenag alway love famou star and who they see as a roll model . even adult think they want to be like a famou star . when they see advertis with their favorit star or roll model , it make peopl to buy those thing so they could be like them . thi is fact true becaus there are mani brand succed from thi advertis . product wa actual same , howev they chang their model for their product and they began to have a great success . thi happen becaus mani girl like thi star and mani boy want to be like thi star . thi result childern to go to thi brand and buy thing . thi exampl tell us that eventhough it is same product , it depend on advertis and who advertis it . peopl alway believ what they see and believ in it . when peopl see advertis in tv or newspap , they see the product which look and work much better than it realli are . for exampl , there wa a advertis which wa about clay which stik all thing to wall and never drope even heavi thing such as ballingbal . thi gave an effect to peopl to buy it becaus it hold heavi stuff and it could be remov easili . howev when peopl bought thi they could not even put pictur on to it becaus it fell out so easili . thi show us that what we see in tv are thing that are overact product and it look much better than it is . all peopl have greedi mind and that is just human . advertis alway use thi to sell and make their product look popular . in advertis they alway say they are go to get sale order for 10 minut and they will be done . howev you can see thi advertis next day also . but peopl think that they are realli go to get sale order for 10 minut and they order for it becaus of they want more benefit . for exampl , if i say to peopl who ha not been to empir state build that ` empir state build tour will be close in one week ' , than they will say ` i should go there befor it close ' . thi is peopl 's mind and peopl are greedi like that and advertis use thi inord to make their product popular and good . as mentiond abov , peopl alway see advertis when they are live becaus advertis is everywher . peopl alway tri to do same thing as what their favorit roll model or star doe and star alway advertis . also what they see in tv is alway over describ and what they say is kind of a lie such as be sale for 10minunt and there are onli 100 product left . thi is all tri to make their product look better and it make the product look better than they realli are . therefor , we should not depend on onli advertis when we are buy product .