the statement i am go to deal with is ` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are ' . i agre with the statement becaus an advertis is meant to emphas the posit characterist of certain product and not to give a object descript . there are larg compani which dedic themselv to the research of human behaviour in order to analys how to gain the interest of a huge amount of peopl for a product for instanc in a tv commerci . they tri to character peopl of differ age and differ origin into interest group and then figur out which interest group would be the most effect for sell the product to . then they come up with a commerci that directli point at thi veri special interest group and that 's whi member of thi interest group are so attract to the advertis and think better of the product than it actual is . in order to emphasi my point i would like to give an exampl for a consum who fell for that advertis trap : me . two year ago when i still stay at my host parent hous in washington i went to the basebal try-out of my highschool becaus i never play basebal befor . my host dad gave me one of hi old basebal glove ( must have been about 40 year old ) and so i tri out . i had been a pretti good pitcher back in germani so i thought it would be much of a problem to join the team ( at least the reserv team ) . instead of show my pitch skill the coach want me to catch a coupl of ball with my glove . i tri to do so but i could n't realli figur out how to use the old glove so the ball would actual stick in there . after the try-out the coach told me to come back when i wa wa abel to catch properli with my glove . that day i saw a brand-new glove at a sport good store . it wa all black and had a fake autograph of saom major legu basebal player i never even heard of on it . the commerci sign right next to it said `` you gon ' catch everi ball ! '' . my host dad told me it wa overpr but for about the next coupl of day i went to that store and look at that glove . after a coupl day i final decid on buy that glove . the next day i went out to the field with my host dad to play catch . i proudli told him that i wa go to catch ani ball . actual i could n't catch anyth . i 'm just a bad catcher , that 's what the 60 dollar i paid for the glove made me realiz and show , that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are .