is in a group led by a tour guid the best way to travel ? i think it is , becaus when you go to a new place , sometim you do n't know the citi well or you could take the risk to be miss . if you go to a new place , it would be better to be guid , so that if you have ani doubt or ani question , you will be sure that the guid will have the answer . you do not have to be concern about know everyth about the place , the build , the way and you would onli enjoy the trip . on the other hand , if you travel by yourself , without a guid , you must ask for some address or build name if you do not know it . it would take more time , it could be frustat and it could make you spend a lot of money on taxi , buy map or get back from wrong place . a tour guid is a person who know the place that he or she is show , and he or she would teach you some of histori , becaus he would talk to you about the place you are visit , it origin , it name , about what is it made of and all kind of thing that would take a lot of time to learn . it is safer for a person to travel in a group and with a tour guid becaus they do not take the risk of visit danger place . the tour guid would tell you what place are safer , at what time is better to be and the right moment . to travel in a grup could be better becaus you can learn from the other person . if you do n't know the name of a specif build , anoth persond could know and tell it you . if somebodi els doe not know the histori of a specif place and you do , you could teach him or teach her . it could be frustat to be in a foreign place and ton to know someth that you want to . to be guid by a tour guid could have an expens cost , but you have the secur of a person who know where to take you and thi way you would onli enjoy your time on learn . you can visit a place and not to learn anyth about it , and it would be bad becaus that is the reason of whi you are visit that place , in order to learn more about it . a tour guid must have enough cultur and knowledg so that he answer all your question .