i do not support the statement state . the reason that support my contradict are state below . car are be manufactur in count of thousand per day per unit throughout the world . automobil technolog is one of the most progress aspect of today 's gener . it ha becom the basic need of mankind . in fact , without the use of automobil , life today would have been veri difficult . for public transport , automobil are requir . they are use in transport of good from one place to anoth . all basic and essenti requir such as ambul , fire truck , breakdown wagon , cab etc are all automobil . it ha becom a matter of concern regard the disadvantag and ill-effect automobil reflect . problem such as environment pollut , nois pollut and the rapid deplet of fuel reserv are the talk of the day . fossil reserv under the earth 's crust that have taken million of year to form by sediment and organ decay are be exhaust at an alarm rate . an extrapol from the current fuel reserv indic that all of the present deposit will be complet exhaust in the next 50 year . then what will happen ? what about the million of car and automobil run throughout the world ? will transport come to a standstil after an estim span of 50 year ? the answer is a no . today 's world is veri advanc in scienc and technolog and thi advanc is acceler at an unimagin pace . sinc primit time , man ha alway invent way and method to enhanc and improv thing to fit hi lifestyl the best . so will be the case now . research ha alreadi begun in find altern sourc of energi that can serv as a substitut for petrol and also keep in mind the problem of pollut . man is said to have the most intellig brain of all creatur . god ha made the human brain in such a way that it can think , analyz and invent new way that would amelior the ordinari present into a better futur . altern fuel substitut such as hydrogen power , nuclear power have been a favourit topic in research lab . in fact , there ha alreadi been a launch of the first water-pow car . these improv will continu and there wont be ani declin in the number of car after twenti year when compar to those we see now .