`` youth is the essenc of life '' , it inde is , the best year of ani person life , in everi kind of way , the youth of ani person is inde much more enjoy , memor and cherish . as the plethora of option one ha in hi youth are hard to find for older peopl . the exuber of youth which youngster have and the abil to take thing in their stride and move ahead is seldom notic in older peopl . young peopl are stronger , fitter , healthier than their older counterpart . thi is a major factor in them enjoy their routin in amuch better way , they can workout in the gym longer , look fiter and can play ani kind of sport , footbal , basketbal , basebal etc . the older peopl can not play ani kind of sport becaus they have restrict as far as their health is concern , and tend to move much more sluggishli and can not risk fast movement . younger peopl , tend to socialis a lot more than their cunterpart they tend to meet a lot more peopl , go out to restraunt , pub , disco , which probabl are not the best place for the older peopl , as youngster like to interact with peopl of their age , go out with them . the older peopl would be restrict to place like park , recreat centr etc . which is not all the time the most excit thing to do and can get quit bore and mundan at time . younger peopl tend to work that much more harder , and get paid better , they tend to spend a lot more on their cloth , accesori , car , jewelleri and enjoy show them of much more than their counterpart . the whole industri is inclin toward youth and is cater to their need and choic . the yougster can tri a lot more activ like mountain climb , trek , river raft which are are so excit and give that thrill which onli ha tobe experienc , and unfortun all these have their own restrict and are not recommend for older peopl . take into consider all these factor , it is clear that young peopl , can live a bigger , stronger and more funfil life than what their counterpart can , well they must have pass through their youth phase in their life and will sure have had a lot more activ then than what they are have now . youngster have the energi and the time to dwell into what ever they like and can enjoy everi aspect of it , it is not the same for the older p