to know a few from everyth , or know onli one thing better than anyth ? nowaday , most peopl know lot of thing but they know it undetail . i think know one thing , and know it detail is better than know plenti of thing undetail . to start with , be an expert in one specif academ subject is better than be a newbi in plenti of academ subject . thi also make a person think more knowledg . for exampl , imagin two peopl who graduat from same major in univers , work in the same compani and both in the same depart . one of them know onli about hi depart but know everyth about it , and the other one know a littl about hi depart , and also know about other depart . if their manag had to choos a person for a project about their depart , he will choos the one who is know more thing about the depart . thu show that be an expert in one specif subject is better than know plenti of subject . furthermor , know too much thing disattract peopl from their job or situat which make them more unsuccess . thi also prove by mani scientif research . the research show that 4 out of 6 peopl disattract from the subject if they do not know the subject too much . it also a disadvantag for peopl for look out for job and do good thing such as good project , and work . there is also one more posit thing for special in one specif subject . peopl who have experti in one academ subject can make more process quickli and have more trust unlik the other peopl . with the advantag of know deepli an academ subject , they can make process quickli with a few mistak , and also they would not lost their confid while do it . for exampl , a student who did special in one specif subject can make a better homework than a student who knew a few thing about the subject . thi situat prove that special in one specif subject is more better . to sum up , i can say that i total agre with the opinion which state special in one specif subject is better . if there is more peopl who special in one specif subject , there will be more success all over the world . at last , we are all human , and we can not know everyth perfectli , so we should do the best thing we can do , and be an expert about that subject .