mani peopl believ that young peopl enjoy life to a higher degre than older peopl do . in my opinion , thi is a statement that is not correct sinc it fundament deni the complex of the issu of joy , life and age and tri to deliv a gener and simplifi statement . in those crucial matter , howev , i believ that tri to make a gener point is not help in ani way . therefor , i disagre with that statement , both becaus of it content and becaus of the way the content is deliv , name through gener . first of all , it is certainli a question of the perspect from which one look at to what degre peopl enjoy life . young peopl might believ that older peopl enjoy life less becaus of their decreas health condit or becaus of the decay of their outward appear wherea older peopl might be of the opinion that it is the youth that enjoy life less sinc , be at an earli stage of life , they still have all the hardship of life in front of them . in thi connect , it is certainli a question of definit what it mean to `` enjoy life '' . there is no such thing as a scale measur the joy in life that valid for everi person , and there is no need to creat such scale . everyon ha a differ view on life and differ expect that contribut to joy life . some peopl enjoy life do sport , other enjoy life by achiev financi success . that feel is not object but rather subject and it is not possibl to realli compar those individu feel . differ peopl have differ prioriti in life . thu , tri to decid whether younger peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do or vice versa seem imposs sinc it deni the veri individu charact trait , opinion and view that one hold . in my opinion , it is a question of how old one realli feel . as for myself , i know a 73-year-old man who is as activ as he could ever be , perfectli indulg in sport everyday by run cross countri befor breakfast . thi exemplifi that everi individu is as distinctli differ from other . therefor , categori of peopl enjoy life more or less than other do not make ani sens . in conclus , i disagre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do , becaus of the fact that on the one hand , everyon ha to defin sole for himself or herself what it mean to enjoy life .