differ studi and investig have been prove dure year , how contamin a car is . howev the number of car continu to increas at time pass by . in fact , i am not an expert in the subject , but i would say i disagre with the statement list and predict an increas of car in the follow twenti year . in the fisrt place , simpli becaus the world 's popul is grow . peopl are have more and more children , and those children get to be adult who can buy their own car . therefor , if the percentag of car owner stay constant , the number of car will increas . for exampl , if the percentag of car owner is 10 % , and nowaday the popul is 100 peopl , and in the futur thi popul grow to 120 peopl , then the number of car would pass from 10 to 12 . the second reason i can find to hold my opinion is veri much relat with the first one . sinc popul is grow there are no more space for everyon in the citi , and , thu , live in the citi is becom more and more expens . therefor , nowaday one can choos to have a more cheaper and calm life in the outskirt of the citi , and in that way one is abl to buy a car and travel to the citi to work everyday . in the third place , i think there is an econom reason for which the number of car will increas . manufactur tecnhiqu are improv , make the construct of a car simpler and cheaper , which make the final product much more cheaper and acces . for exampl in my grandpar 's time have a car in argentina wa a real privileg for car were luxuri product . today , on the contrari , though not everyon can have a car , most of middl class peopl in argentina can afford one . howev i also think that there are mani differ way in which the number of car can be regul . in my opinion each govern should find it 's own way to incentiv peopl to use altern mean of transport such as buse or subway to reduc the number of car . clearli the process is not easi but if noth is done , and the number of car keep increas , then the contamin caus would be realli terribl and imposs to correct . in conclus i think that if thing keep on be the way they are today , in twenti year the number of car will not be reduc but increas . popul growth , their need to move out of the citi and to move themselv daili , and the price on car are just some reason i can find to predict such increas . howev , thi increas can be revers if action , mainli form the govern , is taken to regul the number of car .