in the today 's materialist world everybodi strive for success . but what exactli is it that make some peopl success and some not ? there are belief that certain characterist trait , such as innovativen and the willing of take risk are respons for be success . in the follow i will outlin to which extent those belief are right in my person opinion . there are a lot of busi peopl who are a live exampl for the abov mention statement . bill gate , for exampl , would not be the richest man on earth , if he had not have a good idea , which mean he thought innov and if he had not be will to take the risk that natur aris when start a new busi . peopl who are will to take risk do not fear the consequ of their action which make them less care . that is favour becaus care is not alway help when , for exampl establish a new busi . everybodi know you need to risk in order to gain . thi can also be seen when watch the stock market . there are differ asset one can invet in : riskier one and safer one . the riskier one promis a higher return in exchang for the higher risk . the other one are safer but the outcom will be less . so peopl act accord to their attitud to risk . tri new thing is also veri import , i think . you can seldom be success when onli copi someon or someth els . you have to come up with someth new , someth uniqu , for exampl a total new product , to be success . the compani `` jamba '' would be a good exampl here . ten year ago nobodi could imagin that you can make a fortun when sell rington for cellphon . jamba tri thi and introduc a total new thing to the market and obvious the compani still is veri success . howev , i think that tri new thing and be riski is onli determin for success to some extent . onc a person had a great initi idea , as for a new product , the person should care plan the commerzialis of it . that mean market potenti should be estim , product should be adjust accordingli and price and teh scope of advertis ha to be determin . if one act too riski in those field of action , a misclacul is easili possibl which could lead to a failur of the whole thing . thu , in conclus , i would state that a certain degre of riski behaviour and innov think will be veri benefici when strive for success . nonetheless , one should alway stay focus and take all the extern effect into account that can affect hi or her way to success becaus the highest risk can sometim also bring the highest loss .