travel , visit differ countri and meet variou kind of peopl is my hobbi sinc my childhood . sinc both of my parent are journalist , i have an opportun to travel a lot . depend my huge experi in travel ( you can call me expert ) , i strongli believ that the best and the funniest way to travel in a small group , prefer close friend who know each other veri well , led by consensu of that group . thi short essay will explain whi i prefer travel in a small group is n't led by tour guid and disagre with the given statement in the question . first of all , travel time are suppos to be the most enjoy time of the peopl sinc they are away from their job , respons . in these kind of time , peopl should spend their time with the friend becaus in the routin of the life , we share limit time with them . secondli , buy inform book about the geographi , histori of the place that we travel is much more accur inform for me than trust on the knowledg of a tour guid that we do n't know whether or not s/he is expert on the region . thirdli , travel in a group that doe n't know each other veri well may caus irrit problem . for exampl , last summer i join a tour to turkey , led by a tour guid ( unfortun ! ) and we wait for exactli three hour for a person who wa shoppin , ignor the peopl who were wait for her . we lost veri valuabl hour by onli sit in the bu becaus our tour guid told us so !! fourthli , chat with the peopl that you are n't gonna see them in the futur and wast your time by listen their childhood or their relationship with their husband/wif is anoth thing that affect my opion about travel in a group led by a tour guid . in my style of travel , you can chat with your friend and also listen them becaus you are care for them . they are your friend , not the alien that you have to spend day with . last but not least , decid togeth with a consensu about what do next is much more better than take direct from a tour guid . it is your holiday and somebodi tri to decid your schedul . in my view , it is unaccept . i believ in democraci and freedom of individu and even by a tour guid , i do n't want to be govern . to sum it up , i definetli prefer travel with a group of my friend and we do n't need ani tour guid becaus our heart and mind are our guid .