some peopl prefer to arrang a travel by themselv , while other like to join a group led by a tour guid . i am inclin to the later way , becuas a tour guid provid mani advantag to me . first of all , i like to visit a place that i have never been there befor . it will cost a lot of time and energi to arrang a travel . peopl have to fingur out how to get to the place they want to , the transport tool and fair . although , the e-busi system provid mani way to book air ticket , hotel , and other necessari facter to modern travel , it still cost time . after experi stress time in workplac , mani peopl do not want to spend a lot of time on explor ticket on the internet . a tour guid arrang everi thing of the travel for the member of group . peopl just pick up a travel agenc , select a travel packag , and then pay money . they will reveiv a document which describ the detail arrang about thi tour . second , a tour guid know more about the place than anyon els in hi group , becaus he is profession agenc . he ha led a travel group from mani time befor take you to the place . he is train to know everyth for that place . he can intruduc the histori of an ancient build in a vivid way , and tell travelor mani intestres stori that can not be found in a tour guid book . he learn where is the most valuabl place that peopl can not miss , henc a tour guid can make a proper schedul and spare enough time for that stop . he also watch the time and take care of transport ; therefor , peopl do not need to look at the train schedul time and time again to make sure that they could catch an right train . final , join a group led by a tour guid is a way to make friend in travel . a travel group consist of peopl with vari background . to talk to unknown peopl in one 's group allow peopl to learn mani intestres thing that they can not know if they travel alon . in conclus , i believ that join a travel group led by a tour guid is a better way than travel alon becaus it easi , cost save , and more fun .