commun build futur of the nation by nurtur youth of today . i believ no human be would disagre with the abov statement . whatev we are or whatev becom of a person depend larg on the commun that he belong too . today 's youth is awar of the abov fact and peopl alway tend to make the reason of your surviv better . thu , i do not agre that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . young peopl of today are more respons . they understand the import of commun and thu consid it better their moral respons . they are awar that commun are essenti becaus man is a social anim and he need support from hi peer to surviv . they are more enthusiast and work toward it . the young peopl have much more calib to plan and perform well as compar to elderli peopl in much less amount of time . i work in a corpor where the maximum popul is in their twenti . we have so mani group that are function to help the commun . these use to be an individu effort which turn into an organis after reciev overwhelm respons from the youngster . now they consist not onli peopl from our corpor but also from whole of the state . the one i am with , work for the special care of mental or physic challeng children name as disha . ye it consist of middl age peopl too but we are never short of young volunt who like to help . the ngo 's or non profit organis are not the onli way they are help commun . polit is a field where no youngster want to end up ; specif in a countri like india . but we have young mp 's ( member of parliament ) like milind deora and sachin pilot who at an tender age of 23-24 are help peopl and tri to give a better futur to our communit . young peopl are now divert toward teach too may it be part time . impart educ to the gener of tommorow is inde a spendid way of help the societi . young peopl do whatev work they have to their full capac which result in better of societi . even invest in share market help in better of the societi becaus the money flow in the market result in more fund for govern mayb for school or even hospit . ye i do agre today 's gener is more busi with their own life . they do not find time for their famili sometim but i would rather say except are alway there . but that doe not mean that the young peopl are indiffer toward the commun . peopl in our organis work on saturday and sunday , sometim dure some function we even work late night becaus we believ children who are yet to come need a better commun as we got in our childhood . sum up i would state today 's youth is awar of it respons toward the commun . they understand the import of commun and thu consid it better their moral respons . even if they do not have enough time some peopl would plan out and work activ in organ for the better of the peopl . and we would soon realiz that today 's youth face more respons than just be a fast forward gener .