the question of whether young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do is a veri import question , epseci when consid that with modern medicin peopl are contin enabl to grow older and older . even though i would in gener agre with the statement , sever aspect should be kept in mind when answer thi question as well . the first question that come to mind when read the statement is what can be understood under `` enjoy life '' . person , i believ thi includ thing such as travel and explor new cultur , interact with friend , have fun etc . when consid that older peopl gener tend to have a wors health than younger peopl , i would thu say that younger peopl do enjoy life more , simpli becaus they are more abl to . for exampl , my grandmoth back contin hurt . thu , she is imped from take long walk , travel or ani other enjoy activ which impli a substanti amount of physic activ . in that sens , i am abl to enjoy life more than she is , becaus i am in better health and do not contin suffer from pain . furthermor , i would say that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl becaus we have more opportun to do so . for exampl , there are vast amount of activit for younger peopl to do in their free time , such as go to the disco or cinema , do sport with friend , etc . of cours , older peopl attend or particip in these activ as well , but i believ that it is more common for younger peopl to do so , as younger peopl tend to have more free time than older peopl . addit , when in school or studi , young peopl see and have the possibl to hang out with their friend everi day . older peopl , howev , are more confin to their job , and tend to have their friend outsid of their job area . furthermor , older peopl are often confront with the death of their friend , which often result in older peopl grow more and more lone . young peopl on the other hand still have their whole life ahead of them and thu constantli explor new way of live and enjoy life . of cours , it must be kept in mind that my perspect on older peopl result from the fact that i am still young . there are mani reason for whi older peopl may enjoy life more than young peopl as well , one of which would for exampl be that they have alreadi achiev a lot in life and are not anymor `` lost '' and tri to find out what to do with their futur . thu , even though i agre with the statement , i would say it 's more a matter of young peopl be abl to enjoy life more , not a matter of peopl natur becom grumpi or discont over time . all in all , i would thu say enjoy life come down to a matter of health and free time to a larg extent , both of which young peopl tend to have more of .