those who consid have a trip by a tour guid is the most comfort way to travel . howev , i think , it is better for us to take a trip by ourselv . there are two major reason . first , have a trip by ourselv help us to have self-real . some peopl might say that it is possib to feel self - realiz in that they made it follow by a tour guid . howev , what matter is not by follow other , but perform by ourselv . as societi is get more complex , the competit is get more fierc . thu . the role of be reader ha chang . it wa just to plan for a daili life in the past , but now it is to organ and perform alon . also , there is not deni that be a reader is more import to surviv in dog-eat-dog societi . for exampl , i took a travel by myself wthout a tour guid . even though my parent worri about it becaus they thought it wa quit danger , so they suggest me to follow a tour guid . by take a trip without ani a tour guid , i can not onli organ my schedul , but also have my own free time . if i had to follow what the tour guid say , i would be stress out due to dirction from the tour guid . in thi way , take a trip in a group led by a tour guid is not desir for us . moreov , when it come to the money , it is better for us to take a trip without a tour guid . it is gener agre that we spend a lot of money while we take a trip . for exampl , we have to get accomod for sleep and pay for the transport fee and so forth . in my opinion , . get a tour guid is the wast of money , we can not onli buy some sourvenir for our parent of friend , but also get a the fanci restraur instead of pay for a tour guid . let 's assum that the two student who travel in europ with same money . the one student take a trip by himself . thorough enough money , he can pay anyth what he want . on the other hand , the counterpart join to a group for follow a tour guid . due to the fee for get a tour guid , he can not do mani thing what he want , just he had to follow what the schedul were fix in the list . who can have more fun with enough money ? i can definit say that the latter regret that he join to a group for follow a tour guid . from have more fun with freedom to not spend a lot of money for get a tour guid , there is noth better than take a travel by our selv . to sum up , i do not agre with the statement that be a member in a group led by a tour guid is best way . thi is becaus , by take a travel by ourselv , we can have self-real and save some money instead of pay for get a tour guid .