i do agre with the statement . it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . have broad knowledg of mani academ subject offer the student to conceptu a wider rang of subject and inform from the world that surround them ; student that get broad knowledg , know where to get whatev inform they need under a given situat that might rais in their profession life . student get dure their academ studi , inform about bibliographi refer , know where to look for a broader set of issu than whose special for just one thing . the brain can hold a limit quantiti of inform . from everi day 's life , we aquir huge quantiti of it . when special in one specif subject , if we dont usual practic it in a daili basi , we might tend to forget about import thing relat to that specif subject we 've been prepar for . although with broad educ , student would tend to forget even more than with special educ about all the differ subject , they get to conceptu the most import basic of each . even if special into specif subject can maxim how a person will solv a problem , and give an indepth analisi in hi own area , if hi profession area becom obsolet by ani reason , ( technolog mean , substitut activ ) they then becom obsolet for work in differ area . we can also add anoth reason that is ; what if the profession becom tire of work in the field he academ special ? ... would have to get academ studi again in a differ profession area ! in exampl of thi , if someon whose grade ha been into the telecommun field , and there one day get tire of work in telecommun , router , switch , command ! , he or her becom practic doom to keep work in that they special for , for the rest of hi or her day . instead , if the student choos comput scienc , there is a much wider rang of possibl . he 's abl to develop system in whatev area he want to work for , includ telecommun ! from a social point of view , special into one specif subject might lead to isol . thi can happen in way that the person get so special into someth , that know noth about the rest of human ; get not much to talk about , or even understand basic fundament of differ area .