the main problem with thi statement is that it implic can not hold much factual valu . it tri to gener without take into account the domain of function . differ field of knowledg requir differ approach toward special in order to be effect . i will formul what i mean by thi shortli . in my opinion the statement doe not hold much water as a gener truth but rather depend on the context where it is use . there are certainli mani field of knowledg , where it is imper to special extremli into a the subject at hand . modern scienc is a good exampl of that . the problem is the speed at which human knowledg expand . thank to modern store techniqu and exponenti growth of `` world knowledg '' it is imposs for a human be to have a broad knowledg of differ academ field and still be effect to the maximum in a certain subject . thu if you for exampl special in modern mathemat there will simpli not enough time to dwell in the escapad of ancient , greek hero . the main counter argument against specialis is of cours the lack of interdisciplinari thought , mean a specialist doe often fail to connect the find of hi field with discoveri of other field . for exampl you might be a person with great interest into the function and work of the busi field . you might want to becom a first class manag and thu vigor invest your time in the wonder of the econom sector . what if for exampl psycholog discov a way on how to better influenc the opinion of peopl ? would these find not help your agenda -- sell your product to your costum ? but how would you know ? you never consid to connect the discoveri from one field with the find in your . thu mold part of differ academ field into someth better doe inde requir a broader knowledg than just special . from a person standpoint , mean the effect two differ altern of the statement would have on my person develop as a human be i would like to add : if my main goal is to life a healthi , fun , excit life i do agre that it is more like that a broad academ knowledg help me in my everyday struggl more than pure specialis . thi is due to the concept of interact and the fact that human thought doe work a lot with associ . thi of cours depend how much i am attract to a certain field of knowledg . in conclus the onli true answer to the statement is : `` it depend '' . it qualiti as a gener statement are certainli lack .