i agre that `` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are '' becaus their main purpos is to sell peopl their product of servic , and they would do whatev it take to increas their profit . a typic exampl of thi market strategi would be the advertis use in the food industri . some can , box or bag show their product realli big , juici and seem tasti . howev , when the costum open the product , he see that the product is much smaller and most of the time is not even similar to the product they were show in the packag . some fast food restaur also show tasti pictur of their product , usual hamburgu , hot dog , or sandwich . these meal seem to be much bigger than they realli are , with fresh veget and soft bread . but when the costum actuallli reciev the meal , it turn out to be a small common burger . no onli the food industri use those trick . a major industri that not onli highlight the product itself , but the benefit it offer to the final user , is the beauti industri . thi industri includ make up , magic pill , gel or cream and all sort of product that promess to make someon beauti , skinnier of younger . when tri to sell their newest product . it is typic to see the `` befor and after '' ad , show a fat ladi and then after take the pill , or appli the gel or cream , she look much better , skinni and healthi . a varieti of exampl could be provid of how market peopl maxim the product ' capac . but the thing is that they actual do it and it is not properli regul . thi is not onli uneth for the costum who buy the product , but for the potenti costum who is think about purchas it . in my opinion , the solut for thi problem is legal regul . i think that all product ' ad that show better product than they actual are , should be taken away from the store . besid , if ani client complain about a product that did not met hi or her expec base on the product advertis , should get their money back . if a proper solut is not implement , more peopl will be affect and final , the compani will loos actual and potenti costum , sinc no one want to be mock again . and a costum that is lost , is lost forev .