the life bring out too mani altern for a person for enjoy the life . the hard thing for him/her is be abl to do that thing . the reason behind thi `` abil '' can be the age , environment factor or famili situat . but if we consid onli the age , i think young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . altough i am onli twentytwo year old and have not experienc be old , i agre thi statement from my observ . my basic argument and observ are as follow ; young peopl have more physic abil than the do older peopl and they mainli do not think about all the apect of a situat these two help them while enjoy the life . first of all phisic abil are veri import . becaus if a person is not abl to go , do , or reach someth there is go to be a limit for him/her . for instanc , i think that sea holiday are import experinec for peopl . although it seem relax , it contain travel , adapt a differ weather if the person ha gone a differ place , and lastli sit under the sun . these are veri veri vital element that can harm an old person 's health condit . he/sh ha to think veri care befor go and if she/h is gone she/h ha to take care of himself/herself . but mainli young peopl do not have these kind of limit and can go if the condit let them go . addit , older peopl mainli think deepli about the situat that they face . i think thi is an unconci fact and a result of be experienc . the experi that they have help them to predict the result of the situat and they may hesit about do someth . howev , i think thi case be unexperienc is more advantag . bacaus , a person with lack of experi doe not consid mainli the result of someth . in thi point i am not talk about consid the circumst at that time . the point i want to reach is care too much about the result and i think what the older peopl do is that . thi make them too caringabout the result and limit . in conlus , if onli the age is consid , younger peopl have more advanteg for enjoy the life than the old peopl . but in fact it is not the onli paramet for the enjoy a person ha from his/her life . an old person can enjoy life than do a young person if addit paramet like famili condit are includ in thi statement .