i agre with the statement . in my opinion , success peopl are the one who take more risk , tri new thing and in do so think out of the box . there are mani exampl of such peopl who have been trendsett and who are a feather in the cap of the classifi leagu . let us look at mr. nr narayanmoorthi , who is the progenitor and edific of a success softwar compani such as infosi . he start infosi with just 4 friend and a meagr sum of indian rupe ten thousand . he wa activ involv in polit befor he decid to switch over to the field of softwar . nobodi in hi wildest of dream could have ever thought what narayanmoorthi did . hi decis wa a bolt out of the blue for even hi wife . but hi acut vision and the gut to take calcul risk , score over the potenti danger and uncertainte of failur . we now understand what he achiev when we look back at hi feat in total . infosi today is a fortun 500 compani and india 's first compani to be list on the nasdaq . dhirubhai ambani of the relianc group , kumarmangalam birla of the aditya birla group and mani more busi tycoon from india stand testimoni to the abov fact . we can find such peopl in everi field . amitabh bacchan from the field of entertain and indian film industri is a live legend and ha shape indian cinema in a way by take immens risk . when there wa aromant spate he differ and start the angri young man concept such peopl actual chang the cours of histori and chart a new histori . they bring about monument chang and therebi creat histori . they serv as lighthous for similar peopl with similar attitud . success peopl have strong vision , desir to succeed at ani cost , focuss thought , tremend zeal and enthusiasm for persist and load of confid to back them up . they in fact resembl the person who wa told that he would not be abl to sell shoe on an island becaus peopl do not wear shoe and he retort with the answer that thi wa whi exactli he would be easili abl to sell shoe on the island . mahatma gandhi , of india who is consid to be the father of the nation liber india from the british regim becaus he had tremend abil to take risk in the right way and chang the face of the revolut . we can think of presid bush in the unit state , who ha taken tremend risk by bomb iraq and aveng the dastardli act of the terrorist in the sep 9/11 attack . he probabl face immens opposit and critic and he could have stay silent , but he decid to get down the laid track and do someth radic . thi ha brought about tranquil in the us and ha shown the cudgel to those who feel that th us is a soft target . sever leader in the field of busi such as bill gate , warren buffet etc . th