as matter of fact , the issu whether the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid is a complex one . differ person ha hi own oppnion accord to hi background . as for me , i would like to agre that the best way to travel is travel alon , but not travel led by a tour guid . the follow discuss will provid evid to support my claim . first of all , travel could have more flexibl time to oper without a tour guid . becaus if travelor follow a tour guid , it mean he enter in a travel plan made by a comani , it also mean that all the attract , time , restaur are schedul and fix . so , the travel can not do anyth just follow the schedul and lack a lot of fun . but if the travelor have a trip alon , it can easili chang a plan . for exampl , if we find anoth attract dure a trip , we can easili stop to see it . if we like to chines food , it is ok , we can enter a chines restaur instead of kfc , burger king and so on . do n't you think the exampl quot abov could reach the conclus that travelor could more flexbili opper time accord to their like and dislik . secondli , travel who take a trip by themself without a tour guid could exercis their abil in organ , plan and prepar . if the travel take the trip alon , it mean that he need book the hotel in advanc , organ the rout and so on . but if the travel enter a group led by a tour guid , all he have to do is follow to the guid . for exampl , i took a trip to washington dc thi summer . at first , i have to book a hotel , and then prepar for the problem and plan for the travel . after all thi done , i feel that my abil of plan is improv . that is great ! do n't you think ? thu , the exampl persuas illustr that travel alon help much in person abil . admittedli , travel alon without a tour guid ha it 's own demerit . sinc travel are usual familiar with the place that they are go to , it could caus a lot problem such as lost . howev , the advantag of travel alon weight much than disvantag of that . so the it is more strike conclus . to sum up , due to the discuss mention abov , the reason which combin togeth could be more persuas than ani singl one . it is more comfort for us to claim that the best way to travel is travel alon .