i do n't agre with the previou statement bacaus , modern technolog is advanc with huge step . i recent saw a report about a new aeroplan that in ten year will fli from sidney to london in half an hour , well that 's amaz . so if new discoveri are take our world so far . .. car might be abl to do thing we would never imagin . mayb in twenti year time we will be abl to get in our car and choos a destini like . .. new york and fli in the comfort of be in your own car and with our famili . all of thi might be quit exager , but car wont stop be use , becaus it the easiest way of move around , i even think that the use of car will increas . by that time car wont contamin , they will be electr and they will be plug each night in gigant electron park lot , that provid energi by solar panel . mayb car will even move by wind enegi or they will have helix . .. in a certain way we would be kind of return to `` the flinston '' , ( where they move in a car by stick out their feet and run around ) , but in a modern way . and if the problem is traffic . .. there would be two highway , one at the groung and one at the sky , like thi everyth would go much faster . anyway , all of thi are major word , that probabl wont happen , but that doe n't mean that there will be fewer car , that nowaday . if there are so much car right now all over the world , in twenti year that wo n't chang bacaus defenetli the world is get faster , more stress , and more complic . .. and peopl wo n't get on a bu to go to work , when everythig is so rush , peopl come in , peopl goinm out ... , when they could have the facil of get into their car and drive to work with no stress and no rush . the actual problem is park . .. there 's no more space to park your car in big or small citi . but for exampl dubai and some other countri have allreadi introduc new robot park lot . they are like a circular skyscrap where car are park by a robot . so i final have to say that in my opinion , car wont decreas in our world , they will actual continu increas and they will make our life much easier .