nelson mandela had onc said `` great nation never form by individu but by the commun at larg '' . in today 's era where everi human be is on the lookout for hi own person meet , commun servic ha been long forgotten . i strongli agre with the statement that the younger gener have forgotten to help their own commun . with the advent of new gadget like televis , cabl tv , videogam etc children of today never bother to come out of their home lest talk about help the commun . the world in the past ha wit mani peopl , freedom fighter fight for their own commun work toward a better of the commun . peopl like nelson mandela , mahatma gandhi have laid down their live for the better of the commun . in today 's era fight for freedom is not an import issu but there are other import issu to be handl and the need of the hour is to join hand and work for the uplift of the commun . the commun need young fresh blood who can work with the same dedic and enthusiasm like the younger gener of the earlier time . there are old age home , charit institut , laugh club for the old peopl who need care and support of peopl . the black in america face quit a bit of problem in the earli time but they had a forc to deal with the situat spearhead by sir nelson mandela who himself wa veri young when he thought of render hi servic for hi commun . the younger gener nowday beliv in spend time with friend and peer mate discuss movi , game , entertain etc but do not find time to spend some qualiti time with his/her own commun peopl . a recent survey report also suggest that children in the us prefer subject like physic educ and art to subject like commun servic . such subject on offer have also reduc consider in the last decad becaus of the less number of student be enrol in such subject . social is an aspect which ha been forgoten amongst the younger gener and children feel better rather more comfort be coop up at their own home with the sourc of entertain be tv 's , internet and music . some factor mayb becaus of the fact that children now have extra work load in school or colleg and thu get less time to serv the commun .