everi year we get older and older and we do n't care of the chang which happen . we often do n't notic the alter brought by the pass of time . but in realiti we should wonder if our life is not better when we are young . do n't peopl usual think that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do ? in thi essay , we are first go to show the aspect of enjoy life as an elderli person and then we are go to talk about life when we are young . first we are consid the fact if elderli peopl reallz enjoy their life . on the one hand , elderli peopl are often lone and have few friend . they live togeth in special hous where no young peopl are . peopl in such home often lose their pleasur in life , becaus they are disconnect from the outstand world . on the other hand elderli peopl are less attract than younger peopl . they have also more health troubl and are often dispris by a lot of peopl . addit , these peopl alway live togeth and see no other peopl . thi is whi they also becom more and more sad , becaus they notic that their are reject by societi and that nobodi care about them . on the whole i would say that it is veri difficult for elderli peopl to enjoy life , becaus they often are veri lone and have few friend who look after them . now we are go to see that young peopl can enjoy their live . first we can say that young peopl meet a lot of other peopl . they are alway with friend , do sport , play game or enjoy their life . a lot of the time is spent in place where a lot peopl are and thi give those peopl the opportun to meet new peopl . secondli , young peopl are more attract than elderli peopl are and they have no difficulti to find a boy-friend or a girl-friend . they are usual good look which caus that they can better enjoy their live . thirdli they are well-off , are in a good shape and health and they can do what they want . their strength allow them to travel all over the world and see new place . furthermor there are not mani limit which prevent them from bee happi , becaus these young peopl have the whole life in front of them . these peopl often do n't have to worri , becaus their live will last for a long time . to conclud we see that , as time goe by , we chang and that these chang affect our percept of life . when we are young we meet a lot of peopl , we are more attract and we are well-off , which are all thing which disappear with the fact of becom older . thi is whi i agre with the statement and find that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do .