some peopl is consid success becaus they have achiev great success in their career , but what we have to think about is what make these peopl success ? , is the fact that they onli do what they know best or that they take risk by explor new career path ? ; i will present some point that have to be consid befor agre or disagre with the statement . to check more about the subject , let 's see an exampl : a busi man , involv in the develop of comput softwar , ha a compani on which the peopl develop comput softwar product for other compani who could need them . mayb he ha a degre on comput scienc on which he reli all the knowledg he ha about the comput industri , so he could develop product base on the need of today 's compani just use what he know ; he onli get to work with thing that he is sure that he can handl and he doe not tri to get involv use new technolog at all . the compani could have a good season , but in thi industri you have to be ahead and know what is come . the problem with the exampl list befor , is that there are some time on which peopl have to take some risk if they want to succeed in their career , they have to tri new thing , they have to know where the busi are go , they have to be awar of the chang made in the world with today 's global . new way of think are come , new market have to be explor and new cultur ( compani ) will tri to succeed in your own cultur , your own market . global competit is stronger now and with all thi come in in just a few month , week or day , peopl have to learn how to take risk in new area , not just in the one they know well , becaus today 's compani are tri to get more of the market . the more knowledg and experi a person could have in sever area , the better he will do in the way of success . in conclus , i agre with the statement shown befor , becaus it appli quit right on today 's lifestyl on do new thing on your job , offer new product and servic , and get readi for the global phenomenon that is take place these day .