the advent of car ad an entir new dimens to travel , an essenti facet of man 's etern urg to explor . in the begin , car were afford onli by the wealthi and henc came to signifi financial/soci statu . soon , with advanc in technolog that aid bulk product , the concomit evolut of product design and streamlin of factori product , the cost of car drop and came to appear in not so rich household . in the present day , if not for car , it is difficult to even imagin take a peac and privat famili holiday . the degre of freedom car provid can not be parallel by today 's public transport . today , with more under-develop and develop countri than there are develop countri and assum that live standard throughout the world onli improv ( of cours preclud the possibl of anoth world war in the come 20 year ! ) and sinc car are consid an essenti indic of a healthi incom , it is perhap not unreason to claim that the number of car worldwid will onli increas in the come few year . from the abov reason , one may be tempt to conclud that the number of car will definit increas with time had the environmentalist not interf ! global warm ha drawn more attent and concern than ever befor in the histori of the modern world . the ever deepen lament by environment scientist that the world is head for a doom unless we chang our way in a drastic manner , ha now begun to feel the ear of world leader . one of the step that would be contempl on is a drastic reduct in petroleum vehicl which , in today 's world , translat to reduct in the total number of vehicl ( as more than 90 % of today 's vehicl are power by fossil fuel ) which inturn translat to a reduct in the number of privat vehicl , i.e. car . there are alreadi govern which are activ encourag their civilian to take public transit . one may give yet anoth counter argument to the abov logic . how about ` green vehicl ' which run on natur ga which is proven to caus veri littl or no harm emiss and also is cost effect ? the govern of delhi , india , ha recent enforc a legisl that requir all public vehicl to use natur ga . it will not be surpris if thi extend to privat vehicl soon . thi seem to balanc the decreas in the number of car propos in the previou passag . suppos that all of today 's car have been convert to use onli natur ga , how about the ever increas traffic congest ? thi definit is not alien to ani manhattan or a new yorker ! one possibl solut is to liter forc everybodi to use public transit , ofcours not without strengthen the exist facil . in light of all the argument we have seen till now , it is perhap too naiv to conclud either way . henc , i disagre with the statement : ` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today ' . the correct answer is ` one can not predict'