as a student i suppos that it is much use to understand and learn idea and to demonstr on the idea . i believ the most import thing that show if the student understood and learn someth is that if a student can put hi thought to the thing he learn . the educ i am have now also teach me how to think and how to express my thought on certain topic and fact . the most certain exampl is when a student can express hi or her opinion on histori ; becaus histori had happen in past and a student can chang the histori by his/her thought . for exampl if a war is lost and we know how it 's lost , a student can think of what he would do if it wa him and how hi movement toward thing would be in that moment . if a student can express hi thought of movement to somebodi els i would believ that a student not just learn the fact also understood what happen in the past . he also learn it and would never forget it becaus he actual live those moment in hi mind . thi is veri import in understand idea or thing happen . student must be interrfierd with the topic . anoth exampl is that student can learn a bunch formula in math in a lesson and by use those formula he can solv everi question . but after a while if that student doe n't go back and studi the formula he will forget them . what happen is student leanr the formula at that moment but he actual did n't understand them . so learn also becom with go back and studi the thing that are learn . revis is veri import in a student life . in our countri most peopl work befor 2 day from the exam and they memor everyth then they get an `` a '' on the exam . but after graduat there is thi big exam oss and they ca n't memor everyth becaus they are judg on what they have learn in the past 5 year so they fail from oss and they ca n't go to a univers . what happen to the thing they understood at the time doe n't becom use in their futur and they ca n't be success becaus their educ did n't make them learn anyth . as a matter of fact not onli understand is import , but learn and understand is much more improt than onli understand .