recent , mani student tri to find an effect and effici way to studi , but they are alway confus by the dilema : understand idea is the first prioriti or learn fact is more import ? from my point of view , it is more import for student to understand idea and concept other than learn fact . and thi can be fulli explain from three aspect : first , nowday peopl have more access to those fact so they do n't have to memor them ; second , understand is more essenti to help student to be more adapt ; third , understand help student to develop creativ , which is the key forc in thi technolog world . first of all , fact are easi to be found . nowaday peopl have a varieti of way to acquir data and inform . book , magazin , internet , video tape are all the power resourc which help student to learn fact . for exampl , a student can easili get what happen in canada in 1870 from the internet , he or she just simpli type : `` what happen in canada in 1870 '' , he or she can get thousand of ariticl and test which are relat to the topic . moveov , the informaiton is saft save and preserv from all those media mention befor , so what is the point to tri to memor all the term and fact ? it is a wast of time obvious . second , understand is more import to get idea . it is better to teach a man fish skill other than just give him fish everyday . for exampl , if you just memor `` 1 + 1 = 2 , 1 + 2 = 3 , 1 + 3 = 4 ... `` but do n't know realli understand the concept of the rule of addit , next time i give you a question `` 1 + 100 = ? '' , you still do n't know how to do it . on the other hand , if you know the rule of addit , that 's much enough . you do n't have to memor ani fact such as `` 1 + 56 = 57 '' , you can do ani addit question . that simpl . last but not least , understand help student to be more creativ . as we know , thi is a technolog era , creativ seem more import than just accept . in order to understand , a student ha to push himself think in a deep level , which help to develop logic think and critic think skill . the more a person think , the more knowledg he or she tend to be . henc , he or she will understand more and be more creativ . thi is simpli becaus they can appli what they have learn and understand into differ situat . in conclus , learn fact is simpl and brutal while understand is deep and essenti . understand idea can let student be more knowleg and creativ while passiv accept and memor fact is just a wast of time . so it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact .