advertis is the art of encourag a custom to buy a product instead of anoth one have the same qualiti . therefor , it should not be surpris at all that , sometim , advertis can make a product seem much better than it realli is . toy , snack and mobil phone servic are three kind of product that are not usual as good as you may think after have seen their advertis . last year , i decid to buy a new mobil phone , and so i also had to chang my servic provid . sinc i did n't have enough time to compar all the offer avail on the market , i decid to make my decis just look at the advertis . i choos a provid that offer one hundr minut of free call everi month . one month later , when the first bill arriv , i discov that thi offer wa valid for intern call onli , and not for nation one . for sure , i did n't get what i paid for . when i wa a kid , i onc ask my parent to buy for me a new bike . i did n't want a tradit bike , but a bmx , which wa the most popular model at that time , mainli due to a big advertis campain on tv and newspap . the result ? my parent bought that bike , which , by the way , wa also realli expens , and it got broken after just three week . it seem liter unbreak on tv . .. there is not a big differ from one snack to anoth . if someon give you an hamburg , i bet that you wo n't be abl to tell in which fast food it ha been purchas . inde , advertis can make a snack seem better than anoth one . for exampl , you may think that , sinc a beverag ha been promot by a celebr , it is better than a less famou one . the truth , howev , is that they are practic equal , and that , if a differ exist , it is almost unnotic . product are not alway as good as advertis may suggest . i had bad experi in my life when i had to purchas a product , and now i do n't trust in advertis anymor . when i need to buy a new object , i ask for suggest to someon who ha alreadi bought it , or i just wait for a few month . time onli will tell me if a certain product worth it price or not .