i do not agre with the statement that young peopl are not give enough time to help their commun . in today fast go societi , where time is money and everi one is over acheiv , there is littl time which a young person can devot to the commnun . but with in thi small amount of time which is avail , today youth is contribut much in term of qualiti of help as well as quantiti there are numer way in which thi can be shown . 90 percent of the young men and women whom you meet today are have hearti ambit and veri defin carrer goal . most young women today aspir to be dynam execut rather than be just a home maker mom . these healthi ambit in them selv are a great contribut to human societi , make the societi progress and dynam . the vital of societi bring about the much nourish which is requir for the chariti organ . a goal driven youth is much more like to be a benefactor to a poor child or a good social worker , as part of servic which is requir for obtain a place in prestigi educ institut . today 's aspr youth are tomorrow 's benefactor of societi for a given certain , as they drive the economi in full speed anoth exampl of youth contribut to societi is evid in increas entreprenuership , in sector of environ protect , wast recycl and altern energi product , by young entreprenu through out the world a teenag who earn pocket money or money for tution fee through babi sit or servic in a old age home is an excel exampl of a young person who is serv the societi as well as hi or her own need . a student who organ a student bodi or write a web log to help other student from hi nation to studi intern and earn prestigi honor is an excel exampl of a young person , tri to develop hi fellow student . in a place like india , where govern can not provid adequ social secur , recent i read of 2 young sister , who have organ a rehabilit center for mental retard or dsiturb women who roam in street , with out nobodi to take care of them . i person know some of my young friend who sponsor poor children annual , almost anonym i would like to conclud that today youth is respons , goal driven and servic orient . they are give back to their commun and are role model for come gener