mani of the compani believ that , the advertis for the a product is crucial , vital for it present to the custom . and most of the custom believ the scene creat by the advertis wil come true when they buy thi particular product . consid the reason behind these advertis activ make me to believ that too much of advertis about one particular item indic that it should have at least defect to cover . addit to thi , i will support my opinion base on the fact that ; the life style that are promot by the compani , the reliabl of the inform present and the threat to the uniqu of our live . first of all , i am against the notion of the belief that , buy a product will chang my life forev ( until the new product come into scene ) . mani of the women custom believ that , by use a particular brand of shampoo , they will have a hair like rapunzel , or the fourty-year-old women will becom `` chick '' by use anti-ag facial cream . so do we have fourty-year-old women around ? with wrinkl ? subsequ , the advertis tri to sell the consum the life style that is shown on the tv , not just the product itself . secondli , i am sure about that , the scene we watch are not total true . the photographi of the color , delight food are mostli shot at the time when the food is half cook . also , the hair in the shampoo advertis wa first clean , polish and final probabl made with a sophist hair design . everi type of hair will look as the same as it appear in the ad , if process that much . consequ , advertis are harm for our uniqu live . out tradit cloth , our grandmoth medic , all . . the color peopl like to wear should not be chang over season with fashion . do you beliv that we wear the 60 cloth nowaday becaus of the advertis we saw on each day , regard the new fashion of the year ? everyon in thi world will soon wear a jean in the futur . it is not so diffucult to estim what we will be wear in the next futur , just the same type of cloth . to conclud , the advertis are harm for our live , in the way that the life style that they offer , the scene that they creat and threaten the uniqu of our live .