the statement that there would be fewer car in use in the next twenti year compar to today seem a far fetch and over ambiti thought . the reason whi i serious doubt the authent of thi claim are as follow . the car have been for the past centuri been consid one of the most reliabl form of transport . it ha been employe by peopl live in all sort of geograph locat across the globe . these mechan wonder are known to be conveni , and are durabl enough to sustain a life time of10 - 15 year at a bare minimum . the skill labour which is use for car mainten is also present in abund . therebi , it never a big problem if the car develop some flaw . so far , no such altern ha come up which can actual substitut the car . agre there have been a few problem in term of the pollut caus by the car engin which is lead to a sharp increas in global warm . but thi doe n't realli mean we need to discard the car altogeth . all that is need is some form of modif in the type of engin employe in the car . for instanc , ga engin could lead way to elect engin . also the recent develop in the discovey and applic of biodiesel could go a long way in ensur that the car are in use for the decad to come . thi sort out the much hype problem of diminsh fossil fuel which had been use so far for oper the car . assum that we do get a breakthrough technolog today , which provid a more effici and econom viabl option to the car , i serious doubt whether that transit from car to the newer option could be even half complet in a limit time span of 20 year . there are a number of practic and financi aspect involv which would imped such transit at a rapid pace . the power car manufactur cant be expect to go out of busi that soon . they employ million of skill labour all over the world . and for the benefit of the global economi , increas usag and number of car is the requir symptom . car manufactur compani will tri their level best to ensur that car still remain a lucr option for peopl by introduc modifiact in the present car from time to time . the amount of money pour into research in improv the car is like to make the car better , attract and far more effici . the much await use of artifici intellig interfac with car is alreadi anticip to creat quit a stir . these next gener car can not be easili supplant by ani other form of transport , and if at all , then certainli not in next 20 year . it would be safe to say that car will continu to stay an integr part of our live in the come decad and continu to enchant us .