i agre with the statement on the idea that the best way to travel is when one is guid by someon that know the place . nevertheless , i disagre with it when it say that it necessaryli ha to be with a group led by a tour guid . my person opinion is that travel by one 's own sometim can be a disast , so i think that be guid is a good point . on the other hand , i think that travel group of peopl that doe not know each other are not a good combin . i will describ argument support it as well as i will refut travel group . first of all , i would like to stress the imporat of know the place that one plan to visit . peopl usual visit larg citi where there are a huge varieti of museum , atract or bar . i strongli believ that it is almost imposs that one person can know such a big citi without have live there for a long period . therefor , it doe not make sens to visit a citi that you alreadi know . what i mean with thi reason is that a group of travel need a guid to complet take advantag of some place . in my person opinion , the more one know the person that ha to guid , the more confort and enjoy a travel could be . i also know that there are mani travel guid book , some of them realli complet ; howev , i still think that know the best of a place is someth that hardli can be learnt read from a book . the second argu that i said i would describ is whi i think that travel group are not the most suitabl choic . a travel is someth that peopl doe no usual do veri often , it can be due to lack of money or free time . thi fact inmedi make a travel be someth to enjoy and not a rutin at all . i find that sometim travel group , even more when they have a extrict schedual , do not allow you the necessari freedom to enjoy vacat . peopl usual have veri stress live and the last thing one need on vacat is to be more stress with more schedual and compulsori task . in addit , i find that travel with a big group of unknown person is not as confort and satisfactori as travel onli with friend , coupl or famili . these are the two main reason becaus i partli agre and disagre with the statement . to sum up , i would like to stress the import of travel with someon guid ; and how unsuit i find do it with a group .