travel is an experi that is extremli relat with everi individu 's person , style of life , and interest . that is whi peopl travel in veri differ way and there is alway a market for everi type of travel . for me travel in a group led by a tour guid is one of the worst and most unconfort way of travel sinc i am an adventur and in those kind of trip it is difficult to get so much flexibl as i like . travel for me is one of the best way to form our own person and to have experi that will shape our life for ever . when you have a tour gide , the possibl of achiev those experi will be drastic limit becaus you will alway be lead by anoth person 's point of view . visit museum , ruin , antiqu build and all of the rich histor place for me is what make the differ on a trip but be led by a tour guid on all of them is not the kind of experi i would like . it is import to have a guid while visit histor place becaus you learn thing that by yourself you would never have discov but , the problem is when the guid is the same person in all of them like in most tour guid trip . when group travel with one guid they reciv the point of view of onli one person everywher they go . i believ that histori is is close relat with fact but those fact are alway relat with the historian 's point of view , tour guid as everi person who know about histori impli their opinion on their explen and by listen onli to one person will limit us to creat our own judgement . flexibl is also veri import for me when travel . i am a kind of person who like to decid everi detail of the trip and by have a tour guid you are not abl to do those kind of desicion . also i beliv that do sever thing with out plane are alway fun becaus the experi will be alway differ . thi way we meet differ peopl , we live thing that we thought we never would and final i could say that we are abl to enjoy thing that we thought were not go to happen . travel , meet new peopl , live new experi , ha made me the person i am now . i do not like to be led by someon els . i think that defend my person opinion is the most import thing i can do . travel with a tour guid may be the best way for travel for mani peopl but for me travel is so person that it ha to be an experi compleatli of your own .