i agre , to a larg extent , that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . but let us have a look at thi phrase from a differ viewpoint . special , the young peopl do not have enough time for themselv so the deal come that where can they find time for help the commun . these day young peopl tend to be busi with their other sourc of entertain , other media of time spend etc . but these are just excus of a sort and the real matter is that may be how busi a person is he/sh can alway find time to do what his/her prefer is . so basic the young peopl mind have transform to thi extent that their belief pertain to commun help are the lowest prioriti one . for exampl consid the extent of thi phenomena , that if there is a parti or a live match of some sport , it is prioriti ` level one ' . and the prioriti level for commun help/servic basic never come into pictur . thi is what we call as a modern world . where peopl are connect through mobil , e-mail and chat , but what is the statu or problem that the first door neighbour is face we have no idea . we would prefer ask about our friend 's health on mail and chat but when it come to visit them in realiti there aris a lot of other problem , like time constraint and convey problem . so the same is the case with the young peopl nowaday , they would like to remain in connect with a lot of peopl and make friend with as mani peopl as possibl but onli on chat and e-mail . but thi is just the primari effect of the modern world on the youth , there are other seriou effect also . the prime one of them is that the young peopl have lost the capabl to adjust with peopl of all age and cultur . they believ in onli one group of friend they are live with and there is no bodi els they want to care about outsid thi group . so reluct on part of help the commun come automat as a effect of the modern world 's leisur . but is thi effect a mass phenomena . in one sens ye . but not in all case there are peopl in the young gener also that believ in commun and social work cultur . but it can be observ that thi kind of peopl are quit rare and not commonplac . though our cultur and text are fill with lectur on group-funct and team-work and social uplift but seemingli it is veri distress to see that the kind of tool that the modern world ha provid to thi gener are make them divulg of their own duti . but as they say that noth is perman and hope thi cultur will also come to an end and the peopl will start think and will soon realis the import of help the commun sinc problem do not come to a commun it come to a person and the commun share it .