i would have to say that the best way to travel is be your own tour guid . i person like to explor place by myself , i am curiou and i am not afraid to take risk . to me sound bore just to think about the idea of travel with a group of peopl and depend on somebodi els 's schedul and not on my own . when peopl travel with a tour guid they usual depend on the guid 's schedul dure the whole trip , and that could be one of the inconveni . for exampl , in a group of peopl of differ age , the older one would agre with some situat while the younger probabl would not . if they have to follow a guid they have no choic to chang the schedul and avoid do thing or go to place where they are not comfort . person , when i travel somewher , i like to explor the place by myself , get a map , take a train and find place without have to follow somebodi that alreadi know where to go and what to do . if i end up get lost in an unknown place it is not a problem for me , on the other hand , it is fun ! i like to explor cultur by know how their peopl behav . for exampl , dure my last trip to rome i discov the most friendli peopl i have ever had contact with befor . i wa lost for 3 hour , and even though i had a map and i knew how to find my way , i start ask for direct to peopl on the road , and i realli love the fact that they would stop no matter for how long and talk to me , tri to help me in the most friendli way , and that is an experi i realli enjoy . to me , that is the onli way someon can realli enjoy visit a new place : take risk and explor . it is also more expens to travel have a tourist guid . sometim we save money for a long time to get a chanc to travel somewher and it is not worth it to spend a consider amount of that money pay somebodi who is go to show us the place and probabl talk about relev histor passag of that part of the world if we are abl to get a book and read about the same topic and take a train or ani transport media to get wherev we want by ourselv . the best way to travel is to go without plan too much . in my opinion it is more excit the unexpect : be in a new place , get to talk to local peopl , follow my own schedul without have to think about what time is it , discov place by myself and have a realli fun stori to rememb forev .