recent , there ha been an argument as to whether a person should buy a car if he or she can or should keep use the public tranport among my classmat . as a person use the public transport for most of the time , i decid that , we should not consid thi problem further becaus there will be less number of car in use in twenti year than in today . i provid some strong support and evid for thi thought . first of all , in twenti year , i think that most of the peopl will be much more awar of the valu of public transport ! if the number of car increas with time , there will be a great need for more highway ! sinc we are limit with the earth 's surfac , we can not simpli dedic all the space we have to road ! even now we with traffic congest everyday . there is an ultim solut for that : public transport such as metro , buss and so on . they have some outstand advantag like low cost for both the countri and person user , and less polut of the environ . becaus the number of peopl who think of the public transport as a solut will increas with time , the number of car in use will even decreas ! in addit to that , most of the car are use for transport today . in the futur , with the increas technolog , we will not need to `` go '' to work . instead , we will be abl to do whatev we do at home with comput ! for exampl , instead of drive to the univers to attend a lesson , i will use the internet to attend the lectur onlin . now imagin the number of student drive to school . consid them stay at home to studi make me believ that there will not be a greater number of car in the futur . moreov , the avail gasolin decreas everyday . in twenti year , the gasolin resourc of world will be much less than today . although there are altern way to make the engin of a car start without gasolin , there might be some seriou problem abouit petrol reserv in the futur . to prevent the event which will probabl cous a third world war , i strongli believ that the world will make regul to own a car . therefor number of car in use will decreas . in conclusiuon , the number of car in use will be fewer in twenti year that in today for so mani reason . among those reason are peopl 's awar of advantag of public transport , advanc in technolog , and restrict regul to own a car becaus of limit amount of gasolin .