in today modern time everi thing are develop at a veri fast pace . the youth is in the fore front . but is the youth realli deliv what is expect from it ? is it give enough time to help it commun . well i would be glad to say that ye the youth is deliv in thi aspect also . the variou youth organis , activ particip and awar in vari strata 's os societi doe make me believ thi . firstli we see variou youth oraganis exist at all level right from colleg level to societi level and even state level . as it is rightli said the potenti of tomorrow lie in the present , the current represenatt and effort of the youth we sholud have no doubt in see a bright futur ahead . today youth apart from individu interset is seen involv in issu of commun and countri . the recent controverti issu of reserv though must not have end but ha defiant indic the larg awar and uniti in youth . the incred youth particip from all over the countri ha indic it strong presenc . as we know youth have power both physic and mental to bring chang and it is be tap . we find youth enter polit which until recent wa not a trend . today we do see young individu enter polit with a intent to improv life . their ha been realis that youth ha to have a say on bigger and imporat issu . we have student repres countri at intern level and voic their opinion . to those who say that today youth is onli interest in fun and personel achiev i would like to tell them that such individu are wrongli interpret . youth are gener mistaken to refrain from social funtion and lost in their own friend circl . i would like to say is that youth may have it own way of contribut to commun . for exampl a youth may prefer go for a movi or chill out with friend in hi spare time but he may not delay in come ahead in contribut when it matter the most . there is a crucial phase in everi individu life where one ha to focu on certain aspect of life . thu when young one will alway want to have a person secur first then think about other or societi in particular . thu for young peopl at critic stage of career may seem to limit themselv but are defian not make them neglig toward commun . i believ the commun doe get the input from young peopl and with the variou point discuss abov we can have a posit and encourag futur for sure .