i think that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . there are two reason for my opinion : the pupos of the advertis is to sell the product , and the audienc do not see directli the product on their eye . first , the purpos of the advertis make the good seem much better . the advertis compani should present the good to sell , not to show the virtu and vice of the good . when peopl see the advertis , the good seem perfect and make peopl the happiest person in the world . when i wa a middl school student , i realli want to buy a new comput ; i actual did not have good knowledg of the comput . when i watch a fabul advertis of a comput , i pursuad my parent to buy the comput on the advertis . final , my parent accept my seggest and bought me that comput . howev , i found out my new comput use not genuin program on the comput . i pursuad my parent with the comput becaus the comput had everyth look best even though it wa veri cheap . i wa veri disappoint about the advertis which describ their product as the best at that time . second , the audienc doe not see directli see the product on their eye . peopl say that the good on the pictur or the tv look differ when they see it directli . my sister had a similar situat recent . she bought a bag on the websit which look fine . howev , she did not even recogn the bag becaus the color of the bag wa differ from the pictur on the websit . it wa not the seller 's fault but the camera 's fault . i read an articl relat to these happen ; see an object on the pictur and see the object on the nake eye are differ becaus the camera len produc the photo with mix red , yellow and blue which caus distort of color . moreov , the advertis compani devis the best angl of impos light on the product that the product look better . thi problem mean that peopl should not precisli judg a product onli accord to the imag present on the pictur or the tv . depend on my experi and scientif knowledg , it is clear that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . i hope that the advertis compani tri to show the virtu and the vice of their product rather than onli show and exagger the qualiti of the product . moreov , i wish that scientist invent more accur way of take pictur or record that the audienc can face the good more accur .