i agre to the idea that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . there are three reason support my idea ; no free time for young peopl , no space for them to help the societi , and lack of corel experi with other . first of all , the young peopl seem lose their free time . sinc now is the compet era , they need to work as hard as they can to get the `` good educ '' , which suppos to give them the better futur . therefor , young peopl , includ children , are expect to spent as much time as they can make for the prepart for the come `` test '' . increas in number of the cram school , especi the one for young peopl , creali show the fact that mani young pepopl are spent most of their time to studi . thu , there will be no time for them to help their commun . second , there are no space or role for them to help the societi . nowaday , there are so mani crime that are done by young peopl . therefor , peopl are suspect on the young peopl . as a result , even young peopl will to help the societi , limit space are avail for them . for exampl , if the student want to help to wipe off the snow in the deep-snow citi , they are check their name , and school they are go befor they can help . if the school is one of that `` lower level '' school , they will not be abl to help them becaus of the possibl that the one will cheet the commun . as a result , we can say that even young peopl want to help the societi , the societi reject them . final , young peopl lose their chanc to have the experi of good co-relationship with other . becaus of the lower rate to get job , peopl are compet all the time ; there are mani `` enemi '' for the young peopl . as a result , have good corelationship with other , the core idea of help the commun , is hard task for them to think about . if they can not feel the import of help each other , they will not think to spent their littl free time to help their commun . in conclus , becaus they are busi , are reject by societi , and have no such idea as corel with other , young peopl are not help their commun , in my point of view . all of those factor are strongli connect for the