i strongli agre that student should learn the idea and concept of anyth rather than learn onli the fact . the point which i will cover are as below : # idea and concept reveal the actual knowledg of the student . # fact could be an illusionari knowhow about the subject . # conceptu knowledg make a deep impact on the colleagu and professor and to attain more of the credit . # fact could be somewhat use or mayb consid for timeb but idea gener the fact would be the one everi individu is interest to know . # import of deep knowledg in today 's competitv world . # conclus as a say goe on : `` half - knowledg is danger '' . the veri friend of a man are alway `` who '' , `` whi '' , `` what '' , `` where '' . and these all lead us to know the idea and concept behind everi invent , everi fact , everi rule , everi quot , everi event that occur or happen . i would not be wrong if i say that i usual like to carri these four question with me when ever i move to unkown place or to ani interest place . well , start up with the essay i would like to stress on the point of `` complet - knowledg '' . i suppos that thi term is mention by me just to make my point self-explanatori . infact , i would say that a person with knowledg is the one appreci everywher . and the matter is simpli that a student will be abl to get more of the grade and could get more attent if he ha the collect of variou innov idea accompani with the fact told by him . now for exampl , a student prepar for ani of the project present will have to elabor and present hi knowledg and research relat to the topic of the project . and in thi case it would definit be the best part for the student to collect the fact relat to hi project and to make them know how they were possibl ? would n't that be a fantast thing done by the student to make hi classmat introduc with a new topic and in an educ way ? ofcours it would be ! but i am not complet disagre with the point that knowhow of fact is also import sometim . `` as i believ someth is better than noth '' . but usual fact turn out to be an illusionari concept with no basi to support . thi may lead a student to a condit of `` nowher '' . but sure , a student will be abl to get more of the accolad , extol , credit , grade on hi complet and deep knowledg base on fact and figur . today 's competit world demand knowledg with deep root to sustain in the develop and fast - grow compani . everi day new invent and creation are forc the compani to seek great mind to get in their compani and in lieu to thi great mind , alway an acut knowledg is requir . still , a student should for sure attain as much knowledg as possibl onli to surviv and to rise in thi competit world and prove hi worth . he should gain more and more fact and work out the way through which thise fact have been develop . hi research probabl would then be the most attract part of hi resum for a compani to hire him . henc , knowledg is import and somehow with a basi and so idea , concept and fact togeth be the best part of have sound knowledg in a student life .