it seem that becaus of young age and so more flexibl bodi young peopl are enjoy life more than their parent or older peopl around them do . it may be so , technic , but in fact not , at least not from what i have learn from my experi . first of all , young peopl are at the begin of life . they are just tri to collect the tool to explor a new , unknown and charm land . so they are focus on construct their life for their futur instead of live in present time and enjoy their experi . they have to go to a colleg or a univers first of all to guarante a sustain live . and prepar for all those exam and tri to cope with all unpleas side effect such as stress , sleep problem and depress is not so enjoy . go out with friend sometim and get into drink rituel doe not mean that they are pleas with their live or they are enjoy life . becaus of the pressur of a comfort futur life , real life is forgotten . to graduat from a colleg is even a problem becaus that is the end of your student life and you are now expect to find a good job and tri to surviv , you can not depend on your parent from now on , nor your friend : you are complet alon in an unknown world . you have to woork a lot , to be consid as a succesful person for yourself and for the peopl near you , you should buy a car , and then a hous . until here , these are my experi . here are my father ' and my mother ' : my father ha just retir , he is an actor and he work for a state held theater organ more than thirti year . he had to put off all hi wish and desir becaus hi children were in colleg and they need money . but he doe just what he want now : he is travel a lot to see differ artist perform in theater , he is work on hi own play , read lot of book and he is pass three mont of the year along the sea coast in our summer resid in that uniqu environ in one side a forest , in anoth side the bluest sea of the world . my mother also pass most of her time in our summer resid , where i hadnt seen for four year . she goe out whenev she feel bore to the nearest theater to watch the come film and it wa age ago when i last saw a film . she sometim visit my brother live in one of the most beauti winter sport center of my countri . so , whenev i look at them , i feel that enjoy you life is a veri veri long experi , a gift perhap , attain after so much struggl , or may be a sort of achiev and can not be wholli understood by young peopl . we are just at the begin . i hope that someday it will be our turn .