i oppos to the say that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun becaus they are given more time and chanc to help other in their commun and they inde do so . the reason also includ the fact that it is hard to defin how much time for young peopl is `` enough '' in help other in their commun . my opinion is that help in commun , anyway , is not suppos to be the center of the life of young peopl . first of all , it should be notic that more and more educ system take commun servic as a part of task that student have to do . by do thi , student , in fact , are given more time and chanc to help other in their commun . and in realiti , it work well in mani system . take my person experi as an exampl . in my high school , everyon ha to choos at least one servic call `` social servic '' . instead of have class in afternoon , we go to local famili , primari school , immigr center to help other of the commun . my social servic is go to `` school of peac '' everi friday afternoon and play with the children there . my classmat and i spent a lot of time there last semest . therefor , say that young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help commun is too gener and regardless of the better realiti . secondli , some peopl might ask , `` how much time should young peopl spend in help their commun ? '' it is hard to say and defin . howev , it is wide accept that the focu of young peopl should be studi . if a youth doe not have enough knowledg or skill , how can he or she help the other ? in their age , they are suppos to expos themselv to differ field of knowledg and take advantag from them . later in their life , after they are fulli educ , they will have chanc , time and wish to devot themselv to help other in their commun . to sum up , i think that now young peopl are spend a lot of time in help their commun and the time is enough . on one hand , be involv in commun servic is becom a part of educ in increas number of educ system . the youth are spend a lot of time in commun . on the other hand , the time that have been use by them to commun servic is enough alreadi for the fact that learn is the primari task that they should focu on at their age anyway .