the develop of human caus new problem to be solv by the societi . the way peopl act chang as new gener come to life . a new gener mean new trend , valu , and behavior . as a matter of fact , these chang are not alway posit one . the youth today face a varieti of problem . an import concern about young peopl is that they do not give enough time to help their commun . all children evolv into young adult dure the process of their growth . it is a self challeng process for mani , a time peroid when an individu discov hi tast , idea , belief and most importantli hi place in the societi . the usual respond to thi find is a denial . mani teenag would rebel against the system , think that they should have more freedom to express themselv . thi is quit understand in most case ; howev , individu could turn into a danger ideolog if precaut are not taken . for exampl , a young person might reason that he doe not have to keep the street clean becaus he did not make them dirti , or he might find himself believ in the idea that old peopl do not deserv help becaus they have no practic use . in addit , there mani distract made to young peopl 's live . all new technolog , dvd , video game and stereo make it imposs for the youth to be awar of commun 's problem . sadli , more young peopl come materialist each day ; less and less teenag have interest in world issu and polit . young peopl , in essenc , are unfortun slave of conform . their goal is to be `` cool '' . help the commun and becom respons peopl are not consid as `` cool '' by young peopl . inevit , young peopl start to do thing that are impos on them by their friend , which eventu lead to a decreas in their involv in their commun . the valu and ideolog of young peopl sometim lead them into wrong path . nowaday , the youth is careless about their commun and it need . sure chang is an inevit characterist of life that is go to affect everyon in the world . the youth 's attitud ha chang over time and becam more aggress . it is vital to educ and rise up the youth in a way that guarante the futur of our world