nowaday , environnement problem are the road map of mani polici across the world and in each countri . the main caus is the import presenc eof car on the earth , which are polluat the atmospher reject toxic product into . sever countri start to appli their polici to protect environn , reduc the use of oil by public and privat transport , and tri to find solut to remplac the use of car . howev , the car is the most use mean of transport and we ca n't assum than car will be fewer in twenti year . car are well-knew to pollut atmospher and to be a sourc of toxic product . to decreas the pollut by car , some govern ask peopl to use their own car onli when it is a big necess . in big citi , author promot public transport reduc their price and urg peopl to travel by bu , subway , bike or tramway . mani area of citi becam forbidden to car , limit the use of car in pedestrian zone . moreov , scientist are tri to find an other sourc of energi to transport , like electr . in big citi for exampl , we can see some bu which are work with electr to reduc pollut , and the use of car . besid , peopl are more and more concern by environn and pollut , and start to be interest by the futur of the earth . they tri to part in the reduct of toxic emiss , travel by bu or subway in big citi or travel with their friend to go to work an use onli one car for sever peopl . good citizen make effort to improv their way of life and they care about their health . the price of oil get worsen , peopl may realiz that it is better to travel by public transport than to spend money for oil . howev , i think it is to earli to say that in twenti year there will be fewer car than today . if peopl and govern are make effort and are tri to reduc the number of car , they remain a veri good way to travel for peopl : they can go where they want , when they want , and it 's free ( exept the oil ) . public transport remain quit expens for peopl who prefer travel by themselv , in their own space , and not melt with other peopl . moreov , if car is not so use in town , it is in the countrysid and to holiday , becaus plane or train are much more expens than car . thu , i realli think that peopl are not readi to rid of their car , which is their main way of transport . to conclud , i am not realli sure than the number of car will be less import in twenti year than today , becaus other way of transport and public servic are still too expens . car are veri use , and it is difficult for peopl to imagin their daili life without them . in the other hand , countri are get more and more worri about the price of oil and are act to remplac car , but it will take time .