the answer to thi question must take into consider differ complex matter . first of all one need to clarifi the concept of `` their commun '' . i would suggest that nowaday young peopl rightli consid a group of peer to be `` their commun '' . they consid themselv part of a group of peopl with similar aspir , cultur interest , way of act and manner of speech . the same sort of close commun connect is of cours part of the way of live in a modern societi : peopl gener do not relat so much to the entir societi or nation but have their prefer commun chosen from a pluralisit set of option . onc they have join their commun of choic they tend to spend a lot of time advanc the interest of their commun and foster solidar and friendship among the member of that particular commun . from thi point of view young peopl act in veri similar way : they feel attach to a group of friend or to a spefic life style . onc they are attach they equal spend a lot of time support and help that particular commun they are member of . in that sens i would be inclin to disagre with the statement . the problem is thu not so much that young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun but rather that one might disagre on what should count as their commun in the first place . it is often the case that adult do not like to see young peopl relat to their peer and would like to be an activ part of a larger commun that includ the adult . while thi desir might be understand from the point of view of the adult - even if onli for the simpl fact that thi would probabl give adult more power to control young peopl - i do not believ it to be in the best interest of young peopl . the best way for them to learn the mean of commun solidar is by experienc solidar in a group they truli and almost natur feel attach to . help the commun is not someth a young person should be forc to do but someth he or she should come to see as provid mutual advantag . eventu most peopl will realiy that the solidar the y enjoy in their specif commun can onli have true valu and mean if the commun of peer is part of a larger cmmuniti call societi which eventu will need some support from the member as well .