the world ha been continu on develop sinc the first day of the human . in addit to the world develop , the popul is also grow day by day . as the popul grow , the world is get bigger and bigger , human need chang proport . for instanc , in ancient time peopl do not need to go around the world and as a result a hours may be enough for them . howev , today ' technolog develop bring more need that is the a part of life for peopl such as car . first of all , most of the citi are metropolitan citi that have much necessati for peopl when live there . in small town peopl are not abl to find even a hospit , they have to go small health care center by walk or for shop . thi situat chang when you live in big citi . peopl have to go everywher fastli and they prefer to choos have car . today most of the peopl have more than one car becaus everi member of the famili ha hi or her own life and own need . they do not want to wait for a bu or someon els to go with . in addit to thi most of the peopl want to have a car for enjoy rather than basic need . peopl travel all around the world with their car to see all differ place while drive car and if they want they resid those place for one or two day how thay want . secondli , the car have a veri excrusi import in today trade . everi year so mani car are be export and import to foreign countri or the the countri that the trader live in . so mani peopl earn lot of money with the car trade , car rent and public transport in hole world . as a last concept , it must not be forgotten that the import of petrol that is use for car mostli . there are countri who want to be the owner of other counri that have mani petrol foundat . that will be good not to forget about that there is no person who do not go to a ga station in a week . sinc the petrol is use for car mostli , the car have e veri big import at thi situat . consequ , sinc the car are use in so mani differ area such as public transport , person usag , trade and rent , the car will have more import in peopl 's life than today and everi hous park lot will have more than one car that a famili ha .