i agre that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . it is hard to agre with one or the other . but there are sever reason that drawn me into thi conclus . first , have a lot of knowledg of mani academ subject will give you differ view of thing . i believ that it will help you grow as a person . when you encount a problem , if you know that there are more then one side on everyth in thi world and be abl to tri to look at the problem from other side , it will be easier for you to get through the problem . howev , if you are into just one thing , even though you know a lot about it , becaus all you have learn in your life is your special , you will have hard time pass through those problem . second , it might seem great to special in one specif subject , but there alway are greater peopl abov you . and more you are into the subject , more you suffer from not be the best . thi argument fail unless you are not the best . but how mani best are there ? ye , one . there are more chanc for you to be the non-best . third , let me put thi whole quesion into the real world . if you are special in one subject . you might get paid well . you might get a good spot at work . but you are not a hero at home . you are just a person , who bring a lot of money to your hous . howev , if you have broad knowledg of mani academ subject , peopl that matter , your famili will appreci you be abl to answer question about a lot of thing . i would rather be a hero at home with my famili i care about then a hero at work to have a happi life . the opinion you come up with on thi subject ha a lot to do with what kind of person you are . i am a kind of person , who valu my friend and famili . it is import to for me to stay heppi and not depress . it could be a wast of life for some peopl . but to me , have good time mean live the life the fullest . i do not want to live my life suffer . that is whi i agre that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject .