the issu of whether young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do is a controversi one . on the one hand , be young is attribut with enthusiasm and health which are both catalyst of enjoy . on the other hand , the process of grow up undergo mani physic and mental chang which might alter the enjoy of life . i person believ that a smaller age ha no influenc on happi due to mani reason . first , let me defin young and old . young is a person age from 0-30 , while an older person is age from 30 and more . accord to my observ and to my person experi , older peopl have the abil to enjoy their life better . one reason of my belief is that young peopl have not enough expertis in life to enjoy it the best . for instanc , a 15 year old might feel frustrat becaus of peer pressur at school and he lack the cognit mean and the matur level to deal with hi problem . a 35 year old man would know how to deal with hi problem becaus he ha enough experi in life and he ha live enough to pass through all kind of the problem that youngster suffer from . a second reason to my belief is that an older person have access to the mean of entertain better than young person . an adult is allow to a night club , is allow to drink , to get marri , to have children , etc. while the young 's enjoy of life might be control by hi parent , hi age , hi extern environ . perhap the most import reason to my belief is that adult are psycholog stabl . their physic and mental chang have alreadi pass through all the intrigu stage that might caus frustrat to youngster . for exampl a 40 year older would mayb alreadi be settl in a hous with children , a fix job and a routin life . in contrast , a younger person would have to worri about highschool grade , colleg , love , settlement , money and mani other issu that are of no certainti to the person . in conclus , i would certainli feel that as we go with time we might enjoy life better sinc we are about to have a more secur way of live , less uncertainti and of cours no more physic and mental chang to worri about .