i agre with the statement . i think most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . the compani often mislead the custom by put except in veri small print , by over exagger , and by use famou actor and athlet in their advertis . first of all , when i pay close attent to advertis , i often see advertis with veri small print at the bottom that are hard to see . those print state except . for exampl , the advertis may say , `` 80 % of peopl lose weight by use thi product ! '' howev , i may see a print at the bottom that say , `` thi is not base on scientif data . '' thi is just one type of the `` except '' that most peopl do n't catch . addit , the compani use catch phrase all the time to attract custom . they often exagger too much . for exampl , the advertis of pill lose weight might say , `` do n't you want to look like a model ? by take thi pill , you can becom realli skinni easili like top model ! '' do n't you think thi catch phrase is a bit awkward ? pill do not make you look like a super model . it exgger way too much . moreov , the compani often use famou actor , actress , or athlet in their advertis . for exampl , sport compani , such as nike , adida , or puma , might use micheal jordan when advertis for basketbal shoe . cosmet compani often use beauti actress . the costom assum that the actress use that product and buy that product . also , in advertis for medicin , they compani use doctor and nurs who seem to know what they are talk about . by use profession of each area , the compani are abl to convinc more custom . doctor are much convinc when talk about medicin rather than have some random shop keeper talk about the topic even if they were say same thing . to summer , i agre with the statement , most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . the compani often mislead the custom by put except in veri small print , by over exagger , and by use famou actor , athlet , and profession in their advertis . howev , you can not just blame the compani . to sell product and compet with other compani , that is one of the most import strategi . thu , you must be veri care in see the advertis .