there is a famou english proverb that illustr the scope of thi topic , it read : `` he is a jack of all trade , ... but a master of none . '' what thi proverb essenti impli is that it is not possibl to attain masteri in sever field , one can onli special in one . the statement of the issu be discuss epitom a veri paradox situat that we as human be encount throughout the cours of our life i.e the path of masteri or the path of overal educ . it is often as a child you are ask the question : `` what do you want to be when you grow up ? '' . the child be ambiti and idealist at the phase of hi life would base hi repli on hi passion for a particular subject . well , it is true that most well educ human be eventu settl down to choos a particular career base on their academ strength and prowess . when pusu a higher educ we are made to choos a subject that we wish to major in and probabl the subject that will encompass our career in the futur . we are forc to academ pusu a masteri in a particular field of life as thi field shall play a vital role in determin our futur , our social strength and our monetari power . it will help in determin what we will be in the futur of the socio-econom struggl among us , which evid ha becom an essenti part of our surviv . it is a fact , we need to attain masteri to build our success , we need to excel at someth to prove our abil thu develop special in a particular axcadem subject is essenti . there is howev , a counter-claim to thi argument , a claim which defin the power of a well round , overal educ . possess a fundament and broad knowledg in everi walk of life and have an opinion on all matter . a person who follow thi ideal is a person whom i would defin as a `` jack of all trade '' . through my argument i do not undermin the power of a well round academ back ground , what im tri to impli is that educ is what is inculc at the grass root level . acquir a broad knowledg of variou academ field is cover at the elementari and sub-secondari level of educ . it is after thi stage , that a human be ha metamorphos from thi phase of hi life into a phase which is readi for masteri , he is in a posit to choos . the option are alway open in life , but it is our duti to choos and master the option that we most strongli believ in . thi is a trait that will help us stand out as the master of our field and give us purpos in life . we were born to make a differ in thi world and by attain masteri in one field of academia we can fulfil our duti to ourselv and human .