i believ older peopl enjoy their life better than the young peopl . they have live their life . the amount of experi they have is vast . they know the art of handl variou situat . they live their life among friend . old peopl know the art of enjoy their life better than the young peopl . when they were young they amount of opportun they had were more and the competit wa less . they had fewer univers the amount of research that wa happen in the field of scienc wa limit . no matter the ground root of scinc and technolog were kept dure their time . the amount of tension and the pressur they had to deal wa less . i can say thi becaus of the numer old peopl that i have spoken to includ my own grand parent . whenev i talk to them i gather so much of inform that i have to say ye `` the world is not enough '' . they use to have some problem here and there but dure their time the commun use to stand as one . they laugh they share the life time achiev . like my grandfath talk about the worldwar ii . how my grand mother wait for him , and use to pray in church everyday for hi well be . young peopl on the other hand are more complex of a natur i would say . they amount of competit that they have to face everi day . somebodi or the other is tri to proov himself better than the other . these factor lead to tension , enorm pressur at time and frustrat as well . gener younger gener is least conecrn of get involv in commun activ , other then onc in a while . some time we never who is our next door neighbour . as we the younger gener is more concern with the privaci . we are not readi to accept somebodi 's help . we want to remain confin within ourselv . the young gener might be seen speak onc in a while in commun here and there . they gener are forget the natur art of enjoy . enjoy could be go to club and bar have some drink and have fun and come back . therefor in my opinion it is the old peopl who know the real art of enjoy . young gener should take sometim off their busi schedul and spend time with the old peopl . we might share love and affect with them and in return gain a lot out of them .