happi is an interest issu : do young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do ? well , from my experi , i believ that older peopl are in a better posit to enjoy life nowaday than young peopl . first , let 's take an exampl . a lot of peopl may say `` live on an island in a warm place , far from the stress life of big citi , is like heaven. '' and they add `` peopl who live in such place do not know the chanc they have '' . thi exampl illustr a major point : no one can appreci hi life when he ha never experi a hard situat . older peopl , from their experi , have an idea of the difficulti of life and when they decid to do someth , they know how to enjoy it . peopl tend to enjoy more when they know thing are not so easi to get . for instanc , a child who use to get expensic gift doe not know how hard her parent have work to get their social situat . but if he make thing by her own , she would like them even more becaus she rememb the difficulti and time she went through . second , nowaday , life is get tougher for young peopl . becaus of today 's econom and polit situat , life beom much more stress for young peopl who have to make creat their social situat . unemploy rate is high in a lot of countri like franc and germani and young peopl have more difficulti to find job . moreov , becaus of global , compani have to face competit from the entir world . thi situat lead to cost reduct in the major of compani and a need to make profit . thu , young peopl have to face pressur come from everywher . they are not in a posit to take time to enjoy life , becaus for a lot of them , they have to work , work , and work , and sometim rest . the situat is clearli differ for older peopl . they are retir for some of them and they do not have to face all thi pressur . they can spend more time on their passion and extra profession activ . third , the situat for older peopl is much better than one of those a hundr year ago . older peopl benefit from social enhanc . health care and health system have improv , and the life span ha increas a lot in rich countri . peopl live longer today . thu , older peopl have more time for themselv . how about young peopl ? well , as said befor , their new stress life is not favor for a healthi life . look at the amount of medic to reduc stress spent everi year by young peopl ! a research ha shown that the best time to have a babi is ... retir .