young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . i agre with thi statement becaus of mani reason . the most import reason that differenci young peopl from the old is wisdom . old peopl are wise , patient , more experienc , more conserv and want to do the right thing . young peopl are reckless , hasti , quick in make desicion , unpati but are want from societi . societi nowaday ideal the young and ignor the old . everi attract or sexi actor/actress is either young or tri to look young . let face it a model is onli famous when she is young , when she is abov fifti nobodi would even remmemb her name . the media play a big role in thi , where everi product advertis is by the appear of either a young girl or a guy . never the less thi is not the onli reason , young peopl are abl to injoy life becaus they have health , no respons and a wild imagin . for exampl , a twenti year old guy can go danc , club , drink alcohol , drive fast and all of the other stuff that young peopl do , thing which a fifti year old would never consid do . old peopl have kid and have mani respons which take a lot of their time like take care of the hous , buy groceri , do social visit , thing that will never come to mind for a young person . in addit to that old peopl are not as healthi as young peopl , which can depriv them of certain activ like sport , they have to watch their cholesterol , not eat shugar and all of the other constraint on their food consumpt , while young peopl eat what ever they want and dont even think about these problem . young peopl are gener singl and date other young singl peopl and diversifi often , while old peopl are stuck with their old partner and remmemb the time when they were young . in conclus , i can say that everi person can enjoy life in hi way at ani stage of life he is in . mayb what seem as fun to a twenti year old is not as fun to a forti yearold and vise versa . so i can say that everi stage in life ha it joyful moment even old age , although i alway say `` enjoy life while you are still young '' .