i strongli disagre that student to understand idea and concept than learn fact . current , a lot of peopl doesnt have a lot of time as much long time ago . therefor , time becom veri import in our student life . even some of peopl said '' time is more import than gold . the student also doe n't have time to . as a result a lot of student just learn about onli idea and concept . actual these way to studi is more easi and can save the time . it will be bad effect to student . when they learn about more hard thing . therefor we have to start to fix the way to studi onli understand idea and concept . the basic inform made us think . most student who just understand idea and concept doesnt life the think than student who learn fact . for exampl , dure the test time few student just write answer or although take spend a lot of time few student spend the time for find answer with fact . after test if time is veri limit , the student who write just answer will make better score than other group student . but next time when they spned same time and take the more hard test than last time . the result it will be differ . becaus they few student dont know how to connect between new question . bue the other student know how to do that . make easi to work the brain . the learn fact make student more think so make brain work more hard . if they keep do the studi with same way . as goest time by , student brain more easi to circul . for exampl . i saw the inform through diagram of smart peopl , when some jounarlist ask question how did you studi ? most person who made good scroe peopl said `` i use to spend a lot of time for think hard . in my conculs , through the our life , the time becom best import to our social life . but current student have hard choic between learn more specif inform or just know the surfac inform . but time and grade is not at all of our life . if they spend time to think about themself futur . they will know learn fact is more import than just understand idea .