although understand the concept and organ the process of the studi is alway necessari for the student , still the learn of the actual fact and exampl is even more valuabl . the reason can be divid in two main point ; studi ha to be more practic and use for the student , and they have to get the abil to develop the idea for the real studi . understand onli the concept is not practic . student have to be abl to reflect that concept in the actual exampl . when we studi the sonata-form in the music theori class , the first idea we get is the form of exposit , develop , and recaputu section . then we get more detail , which is the key-relationship and even more structual matter such as introduct and coda . howev , to realli understand thi formal structur , we have to look at the actual sonata-form music . where the exposit start and end , how the develop is . .. etc . music is mayb longer than you think , or more complic than you think . to deal with that , not onli just memor the form , but also we have to handl how to discov them in the actual music and how you would music respons when you actual play that music . then , we can be confid to say `` i know what the sonata-form is . '' consequ , the actual studi alway requir how to develop the idea by our own way . we can not do it without the acknowledg of actual fact . studi the concept of schubert 's song in the music histori class is quit interest but they are usual introduc realli brief - student do not even know the german languag , which the text are usual in . it is good to get the idea how schubert link the text and music , but to play it , we have to develop the idea even more . find where the text and music match , and then , you need to think `` whi schubert did thi ? to get the answer , mayb we can look at anoth exampl or other music too . what did he tri to impli here ? '' when you get the answer for that , you can realli say that we could develop the idea with the fact . neverthless the understand of concept and idea is veri necessari to organ the studi process , still the detail - fact and exampl - ha much more import role in order to get the real knowledg .