student are of differ type and the way of prepar of their subject and the way they approach toward the subject are differ when compar to each other . some peopl go around the concept and the idea of the subject and what the main aim and the use of the subject and they go in a differ manner to get the subject . some student ju blindli take the text book , and not onli text book and they collect a lot of materi and they ju go blindli read those fact that are in the book and materi , so in thi case tyhe student wont get the practic knowledg of the subject and ju blindli know what is the subject . these peopl cant do the practic problem and they cant go deeper into the subject . it is also import that after get the idea and the concept of the subject the student should go fopr read the fact regard the subject . that make a lot in the knowledg regard the subject . i strongli agre with the statement `` it is more import for student to understand the idea and the concept of the subject than iot is for them to learn fact '' . student who go in a manner of understandig the idea of the subject and the purpos of the subject is and how the subject is inter relat with the other topic will get the good idea of the subject . unless the student get the idea of what the subject is and what is the concept behind write all these task in a subject it is use less for the student to do a cours . student who goe along with the idea and the concept of the subject gain a lot of grip on the subject and he may produc ani thing regard the subject on demand . for exampl , let us take student who is have a subject of c languag in his/her cours , the student who first goe through the text book and get the idea of the languag and what the subject is and what is need for program in a c languag can write a technic program for a small applic base on c languag . on the other hand the student who goe through the fact of the subject will not get the practic idea and he cant proiduc an applic in c languag . how can he produc an applic with out know what is the main idea of the subject and what is the concept that output an applic in c languag . even the student who is have a cours of math in hi acedem year , if he goe along the fact that are relat to the subject how can he solv a problem ralat to the subject of mathemat . on the other hand the student who get the complet idea ragrad the idea and the concept of the subject he can automat solv the problem given . the first tyhe is the student should know what the idea is and after that he can go through the fact of the book and he also requir the learn knowledg regard the subject . final , i concluid that the student should go for the prepar of a subject in a manner of get the idea regard the subject and the concept ragard the subject . unless these two thing the student cant approach the practic way of the subject . it quit difficult to get a grip on the subject with out the concept and idea of the subject . in the same way after get the complet idea and conceptv ragard the subject the student may further go for the fact readng from the text book or materi .