in today 's world it is a debat if know more is better or special in a subject is better . to specizl in a subject may make you an expert about that subject but know littl from everi subject make you onli knowledg to some degre . therefor the decis may depend on which one you valu most . i would valu to be an expert in my field . know just a littl about all subject may give you the opportun to talk about everyth but when it come to talk deepli , for exampl when somebodi ask you about an import part that doe not stand on surfac , you may not be abl to provid ani answer . if you are special in the subject you will be abl to give the answer . so have a broad knowledg of everi subject may lead not know ani subject fulli . and if you have miss knowledg about that subject , i think if is better not to talk . you may be abl to talk about the subject but when it come to academ speech , where you should show your knowledg about the topic , you may fail to give enough inform . in my opinion if a person talk about a specif question he must be knowledg about all aspect of the question . to be abl to give specif and not veri known fact is more import than repeat the fact that are known by mani peopl . i think repeat would be what the one who are not special in a subject will do . moreov , today 's societi give more credit to special knowledg in work environ . firm usual prefer to hire peopl that complet the undergradu level and also complet a graduat level which had given them the opportun to special in their subject . the one who success complet a graduat degre , who are knowledg about all aspect of their field of studi , becom the one who are most valu in the work place . they can find job more easili and they are paid more . for these reason peopl tri to special in a specif subject rather than have a broad knowledg of mani academ skill . i would like to enjoy better work environ with earn more money and i would like to be abl to talk about everi aspect of my subject . for these reason i think special in one specif subject is better than have broad knowledg about mani subject .