in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today . i disagre with thi ide . i will explain whi i disagre with it provid two reason . these two reason are a condit of car campani and a condit of road nowaday . most of car campani are creat new type of car . everi time i watch tv , i see mani now comerci about new type of car that are introduc by variou campani . on the street , i see mani advertis of car are hung on the wall . in japan , which is my home countri , the two biggest car campani are toyota and honda . two day ago , i heard on the news that these two campani are fight each other and tri to make new car to attract custom ' attent . if car campani make new model of car , peopl will be attract to it and want to get it . if peopl buy new car , they will ride it . nobodi will keep it in their car park . of cours , all of peopl will want to show it how cool their car are by ride them . if 100 peopl bought new car , there would be 100 car in use . after peopl buy new car , they would sell their old car . these old car would be sold by cheap price in the use car shop . peopl who have not enough money to buy new car would buy these use car , then more and more car would be on the road . by these reason , i think that the condit of car campani ha been increas the number of car in use today . the second reason , which i suppos is a condit of road . new road are made in everywher and their qualiti are quit good . they are smooth and are connect to other road . therefor , peopl are abl to chang their distin while they are ride car on the road . if they are on the way to their distin use train , they ca n't chang their distin as immedi as they can by the road . even if they can chang , they will have to buy new ticket to ride new train . it will caus money problem . in addit , road are everywher . in japan , road are locat even under the ocean . impression condit of the road reduc the time to be spent to go to the distin and also save a lot of money . these point make peopl want to by car . from these two reason that i explain abov , i think that there will be a lot of car in us