the import issu under consider is the use of car in futur say twenti year from now . i would like to agre with the statement that there would be fewer car in use than there are today . it may seem a littl surpris but there are numer advanc and happenign which support thi view . one of the import reason for the reduct in number of car in near futur is goign to be the oil . judg by the recent trend in oil price it would be almost imposs for common person to own a person car . there is a goign concern about the limit petroleum reserv on which present our automobil run . the suggest replac like solar car electr car are n't a veri viabl option right now . go by the trend it would take them few decad to matur into consum product which afford the same flexibl . secondli besid the fact about the fuel shortag there is a grow concern for the harm effect of the emmiss on the eniviron . thi ha led to plan of better public transport system and novel way like car pool to reduc the emiss and use the resourc effici by bundl togeth peopl goign to similar place at the same time . hope newer idea like shuttl bullet train ertc might help to cater to the transport need of the increas in popul . such awar would reduc the number of car on road . mayb we might get the technolog to teleport liek star trek in few decad just a whimis think . thirdli there is a major problem of congest . the public roadway in most place is n't gear to handl such huge traffic and the govern doe n't have fuind to improv them further . there ha been an increas of over 300 % in the number of car in my citi new delhi onli . thi translat into more jam and delay in the work schedul . there is also a grow problem of park space . the metropolitian are alreadi too crowd to afford a parkign space prsentli itself . an averag oiffci goer in cannaught place new delhi ha to park hi car on an averag two kilomet away . the situat in futur is n't goign to provid incent to the peopl to buy new car . thi is further aggrav by the number of accid . a recent studi conduct by the delhi transport author show a disturb trend of increas in number of accid over the period of ten year . thi translat directli into loss of life and properti . henc it is expect that in futur the number of car would actual go down . but final and most importantli with the advent of internet it might actual be possibl that peopl do n't need to travel out that often . we might just do our shop over ebay or order deliveri from our home . the facil of teleconferenc and videoconferenc might go a long way and remov the use of actual transport of oneself physic oevr to the other palc . we alreadi have succes exampl of oursourc . these may be further model into work from home . school can be done oevr internet . children migth get lectur and assign sittign at home . they can refer huge databas for their assign . we can for exampl get our compet bank account over net in case of icici . we can but airlin ticket or stuff use our visa credit card . thi would reduc the need of edxtra trip to work place shop mall and school . thi would translat into lesser use of privat own car thu the futil of own one . the idea of lesser car in next twenti year is base on the fatc that we human would like to make thi environ better and make the best use of the technologicv advanc therebi reduc the number of car on the road .