the most import fact that help human be surviv under veri danger situat is their abil to deceiv . mani countri , compani have surviv disadvantag situat exploit thi talent . in my opinion , advertis a product is the same thing as deceiv peopl and trick them into use the product . thu , i agre with the statement that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . regard the amount of profit that a compani can make from a well-advertis product , nobodi should expect the hint of honesti in advertis . thi essay will explain some of the reason that support thi opinion . first of all , the main polit of everi compani is with no doubt to hold the greatest fraction of share of sell of ani product . consid the number of compani that produc the same product with almost the same qualiti , it is obvious seen that the onli way to be abl to achiev thi is by advertis . the competit in the area of manufactur the highest qualiti product usual doe not have a distinct winner . thu , the compani have to carri the competit to anoth area , the field of advertis . the avaric and ambit to win thi race , sooner or later , lead to dishonesti in the advertis of product . in other word , the mass of peopl who are the possibl custom of the product that is be advertis are deceiv by the misrepresent of the characterist of that product . secondli , it is a known fact that peopl tend to buy thing that are visual more attract . think of how all the car in the commerci are so clean and shini and alway are driven in highway that go through valley or road with big leafi tree on each side . these are all tactic use to trick peopl into buy the product and are more easili form due to the develop technolog . we all have seen peopl fli when they wear shoe of a certain trademark or car leav flare behind when they use ga from a certain station . by make the product seem as have extraordinari properti , the potenti custom are deceiv . consequ , it is a veri import part of busi life to be abl to sell the achiev that you make . it is the onli way to get high rank place at work and for that you may have to misrepres some inform in public . thi is exactli what most of the commerci do these day , make product seem better than they realli are to increas attract to it .