success is the biggest motiv in human life . the human kind is alway tri to be success in order to show hi or her potenti . some peopl think that tri new thing and take risk are the biggest failur of life . howev , the other contradict that and if peopl want to be success , they should tri new thing to show how success they are . i agre with thi second idea . these are my follow reason . firstli , without tri new thing , it is imposs to know what the success is . also , you ca n't evalu yourself whether you are success . success is close relat with the differ aspect of you have . for exampl , my manag in my offic is not as success as he should be and he ca n't see thi fact becaus he ha been do the same job for thirti year . the main of idea of it is that he ca n't compar himself from the other similar peopl in the industri . secondli , accord to me , success mean prove yourself in variou task or job and have courag to chang your current job . for exampl , if you stuck into one job that you assum that you are do well , you ca n't know what your perform will be in other job . you can have predict onli for your current job . in anoth exampl , a friend of mine thirdli , live in thi life mean that you are take mani risk . which idea can lead someon not to tri new thing or take risk ? for exampl , as we all know , when we step into the street , there are mani possibl to face with difficulti like accid or crime . there is no need to worri to take risk . howev , if you do n't have a courag to tri new thing , it mean that you are not live in thi life . for exampl , one of my friend did n't have a courag to chang hi job at first although he is offer three time of hi current wage . after my intens forc , he chang hi job and now he becom the manag of the compani becaus of hi success . to sum up , if peopl want to be success , they should tri new thing becaus they have to learn what success is and tri new job and they have to know how to live . the motto said that success is onli motiv in life .