i total agre with the statement . success peopl tri new thing , take risk . becaus thi is the onli thing how they can keep their success go on . i do n't have big ego , but my friend and peopl around me say that i have been a successful person so far . thi is realli nice to hear , but what realli make peopl think i am success . for exampl , i am an exchang student . i actual live in turkey . i cross atlant ocean and i came to the usa without my famili or without my friend or without the place i use to see . thi is realli big risk . sinc you do n't realli know what you might see and what might happen to you . new countri mean a new world and also a new enviro . i know the life in turkey , but i felt that i had to see new life style on the earth . let 's talk about an old leader of a countri : georg washington . i do n't know g. washington veri well , howev i can say that he wa pratic the founder of usa , he might have want to stay under the rule of britian , or be an empreror . but he took risk and he did what he believ in ( democraci ) . hi ambiti wa an independ america and he did it . how did we improv our technolog ? god did n't give us everyt . we had to someth . human had to explor and invent new thing for a better life . if edison like candl light and he wa not curiou about new thing , would have we had light bulb ? no , i do n't believ so . even tough we had , i am sure it would be later . he tri a new thing and actual he took risk against peopl who were disagre with him . he did not want to do what he alreadi knew how to do well . and now , we can say that he wa one of the most success scientist ever in the world . how do you think that electr wa explor . thank for franklin , hi curious provid better life for us . i would not be abl to write thi essay on internet unless he tri new thing . that wa one of the thing which made him success and unforgott . to tri new thing could make you popular in your friend group . sinc everi new and interest thing you do will provid you good point . you might be seen as the crazi boy/girl . in fact , that make you interest person rather than success person . for those reason , if you want to be success person , you should start to tri new thing and take risk . becaus what you alreadi know is not enough .