the question i want to discuss about is whether young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl . thi question play a not unimport role , sinc the averag age of especi western commun chang dramat and today 's young peopl are more and more drawn into the corner of a fun - gener . but what is meant by enjoy live ? peopl of differ age group have differ definit of enyo life . young peopl are constantli face more problem about their person futur especi concern money . sinc a lot of young peopl ca n't be no longer sure to have a secur work place , mani young peopl tri to push thi problem asid , by cover the left spot with activ that might distract their view off the actual problem they have . so they often lose the focu on how to solv their problem by posit themselv in a world , where everyth is about fun and joy . at first , thi might work , until the person realiz , that fun and joy can not happen without money . at thi point young peopl can go in two differ direct . the first group may focu back and concentr how to get back on track while the other group might be trap in a viciou cyrcl of want to enjoy one 's life , but have no money to do so and also not bee abl to get ani money the legal way . older peopl on the other hand are more experienc and sinc almost everybodi of them , especi here in germani , is affect by world war ii , they valu the thing they posess more than a person who ha not gone through anyth compar . but if an older person can enjoy life or not , depend on hi or her possibl to do so . ill or death of one 's partner might easyli avoid to enjoy life . but even if you are healthi and have a work partnership , you still need money to fulfil your dream and to enjoy life for instanc by travel differ place in the world , buy your favourit tv , etc . .. and that is the point where the argument about young peopl and old peopl come togeth . i think , that you ca n't final say that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl . to enjoy life you need to creat a basi which allow you do develop your person and your self-actu and thi doe not depend on whether you are old or young .