ye , i agre that young children enjoy more than the older peopl do . children have all the time and energi in the world for them to enjoy whi shouldnt they ? they have noth to worri about but for their studi ofcours , but we shouldnt forget that `` all work and no play make jack a dull boy '' . it is certain that their grand parent who too were as young as them onc too had enjoy as much as them . .. the onli reason whi the older peopl refrain from enjoy as much or less than as much as young peopl is the concern about their health . .. thi concern of health consequ weaken their determintaion and ther their will and they as a result dont give themselv the adrenalin rush which the young peopl now get . now a day more and more number of peopl are fall to problem such as heath problem and sciatic nerv problem , thi refrain themselv from carryin out someth new or from do someth riski as incid like ski dive can lead to an heart attack or someth . .. as i have learnt from my own experi it wa not quit long back when i turn a eighteen . .. so naturali i want to do someth riski and someth which would giev me an adrenalin rush , so i and my grandfath went out for bunge jump ,,, my grandfath initi wa against it but latter went with me . after bunge myself wait for my grandfath 's arriv but he never came , i soon figr out that he had an heart attack stroke bocaus of which he didnt jump . .. he live anoth day though thank . .. also older peopl now a day dont go for less riski activ which would affect their health like go for movi as their like keep on decreas as their age increas . .. there is a legit reason behind that , that as age increas older peopl lose the childhood like such as sport and cartoon and action and other . .. also i am depress to feel that they worri about their futur whether are their sibl go to abandon them , henc they have mani thing to worri befor lonli set in . but for me , i end to a conclus that whether who is to enjoy at whichev depend upon sheer determin , desir and neverthless courag . but also we should not forget that our grandpar have enjoy just as much as we enjoy when we are young should we ?