due to the veri fact that the question statement entail a broad gener , i must disagre with it , as gener normal look inaccur to me . notwithstand , i would like to provid some person insight in order to explain whi i also disagre with such statement due to the fact that it look , from my point of view , total mislead . although we can find veri differ enjoy level in those person around us , young peopl do not necessarili enjoy life more than older peopl do , and vice-versa . i acknowledg the fact that there are realli happi young person , but just as much as i acknowledg the fact that there are also lot of realli happi older person . i do believ , howev , that both popul group enjoy life somewhat differ : - while young peopl tend to have a more activ lifestyl , gener do more exercis and have a more intens social life , older peopl seem to have more sedentari habit , usual prefer to stay at home longer hour and also increas the amount of time they spend with their spous or famili , at the expens of the time dedic to social activ with non-rel . - anoth differ that can explain whi young and older peopl lifestyl differ so much is the level and natur of their respons . younger peopl can usual enjoy themselv without have to worri too much for anybodi els , as they do not normal have children or grandchildren to feed and take care of . on the other hand , older person are gener respons , at least partial , for the educ and the welfar of their offspr , which although entail quit a bit of time and effort , is often regard of as a veri rejoyc experi . - last , but not least , the level of physic and mental health ha also a great impact on both young and older peopl . while the former gener enjoy stronger and healthier bodi that help them carri out and enjoy more intens physic activ , the latter are normal consid to be wiser and more experienc , and therefor better posit and endow to enjoy the quieter pleasur that life offer and fight the battl that it often present . the abov reason help me explain whi young and older peopl can enjoy life equal , despit have veri differ lifestyl !