what i can say is that in twenti yaear we will probabl wit the chang af the whole concept of car , regard thier number anyway , i do n't think it will lessen too much . at least as far as our civil will save unchang it concept of progress and wellfar . i believ two main choic or possibl are open to us , talk of person move devic : we can keep integr the old concept of person car with our newest hi-tech-toy and system ( and thi is inde happen ) , either we can use our latest tchnolog achiev in order to radic chang the hard problem of massiv and person transport , and tri , int hi way , to cope with other big unsolv problem too : such as pollut , democrat acc to technolog , urban traffic and public transport . it is a matter of fact that the main sourc of energi for our societi , ( that 's oil , petroleum ) , on which is base also the whole product chain of our new millenium cultur , wo n't last for ever . thu answer about the popul of car within twenti year becom quit a complex subject . just consid that a similar crisi , the lack of the sourc energi ( slave ) which wa at the base of their product system , deepli contribut to the fall of roman empir . .. and yet we do not have report about wonder whether in their futur the roman would have use slave for their leptiga or someth els . joke a part everyon must consid two point : are we readi to submit our health , our money , and in time like these our peac as well , to a small group of man 's greed , who want to sqeez the last drop of oil out of the earth and the last cent from our pocket ? and then , would it be possibl that an old devic such as a car ha becom defint obsolet in more than one hundr year ? becaus otherwis you see , i realli can not understand whi a tool suppos to improv our speed and mobil nowday just jam us more than els . conclud i suppos car will remain as we know them until someon will be abl to earn money from them , then , after , i hope someth will chang at least in it same idea , transorm the car in someth realli use , m ore than