present , i wit everi day that the number of car on the road have increas day by day , reason be the increas purchas power of the common man . nowerday , own a car ha becom a necess from a luxuri as it wa in olden day . but thi increas in car have rais our concern regard our futur gener . it is veri unlik that 20 year down the lane from now , we will wit fewer car in use . but take the truth into consider that non-renew resourc are get extuinguish , i think that the use of car will definitli will decreas if not in 20 year but sure after that . the main reason for thi will be declin in the reserv of petroleum on the earth . for exampl if there will be no petrol or deseil then how will the car run . the other possibl reason could be the increas in use of public transport by the peopl . basic , thi is a step toward conserv of resourc and sustain develop ofv the nation . for exampl in delhi recent , metro rail have been inroduc by the govern . and mani cpmmuter have now opt for metro than the car in order to avoid traffic jam and it is lao less time consum . delhi be the 2nd most pollut citi in the world , it wa observ that most of the pollut is caus by car . now peopl prefer puublic transport and use their car onli for famili outing . the peopl now realis that more car on the road will lead to lot of traffic jam and time wastag and henc they 'll be late for their work in the morn caus lot of mental stress to them . thu in my point of view the use of car run on petrol and desiel will decreas but there will be no effect on the number of car run on batteri such as reva . scienc ha develop so much that it is invent such car . but veri few peopl have opt for it becaus of it maintenac . thi is the predict about india . but in other courtri around the world the car ha becom a luxuri to some extent as peopl reli on the public transport the most in order to save their time and money . thi stage is yet to come in india but it ha start . thu , i firmli believ that i 'll wit less use of car in the 20 year from now .