thi essay tri to provid a closer look to the question if success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . to start with a variat of a common place : there are usual mani differ road to success in a varieti of field like life , work , and busi , to name the most popular one . when be young , peopl tend to explor themselv and their surround by way differ from the other . even if they are not tri new thing , they imagin themselv as be differ from the older one . for young peopl , thi imagin can be a strong drive for achiev and enabl them to take risk . these could support them in the end up to be more success than other . nevertheless , success alway depend not just on oneselv but on a coupl of featur and factor , for exampl , the act of other , i believ . the lonesom cowboy who is just do thing hi way and be success by do so belong rather to the realm of dream than to everyday realiti . adapt to the given circumst by live in a human surround mean to learn , to understand and to be influenc by the way other peopl handl thing . moreov , human interact and therefor the handl of everyday includ the idea of be organ in system . outstand or non-fit element can be except and exist onli for a limit time befor becom unbear . if one know to handl thing in a success way suit the social and natur environ , one sure can be success by stick to a particular approach for a long time . the coca cola compani is one of the best exampl for peopl who know how to do well becaus they stick to the basic recepi of the beverag known as coca cola . at the same time coca cola tri to do new thing and take risk by mix new tast and flavour . so success alway is a mixtur of both , i believ : to learn from other how to do thing well and to tri new thing and take risk . sometim it is wise to tend a bit more to the one aspect and then there are time to lean to the other side - just like goeth said : known thing and way have to be preserv in order to see and understand new thing and way .