`` learn fact and fact onli will nececarili lead everyon sooner or later to failur '' . thi statement is a motiv and a true fact that should encourag student to focu more understand concept and ide than just stupid learn of certain unconnect thing . but is thi reali true ? as take the bcom-programm of certain univers as an exampl it is reali easi to see how that statement is true . the bcom is a programm that lead to a bachelor degre in commerc . for be succesful in complet thi programm and later on be succesful in a job it it import to not just know of the factor concern consum primari and secondari need as well as factor effect conjuctur circel and markt , but to put them in context . so if someon for exampl work at a compani that need a new product or want to decid in what to investig , the act person need to develop a feel for how a market will develop and how householdne will develop and what factor will effect them and how they will effect . onc thi hole ammount of inform is put into a well understood and organis system qualifi decit can be made . thi of cours doe not mean , that just lear simpl fact is total unnececari . no , it more a kind a basic knowlag need for understand and work with concept . if you ask me after all both way of learn are import , but the concept understand base on the factstud in more import . there are of courc except . for exampl while learn a new languag . so in the begin it is most import to archiev a lot of vocabulari just but simpl fact learn and later on use gramma . here it depend how well someon need to learn a languag . if it just basicknowlag for travel in anoth countri you may never visit after the vacat again , it not import to fulli anderstand concept like the gramma of the languag . if u plan on live it that countri both way of learn might appear reali import . the statement , that simpl factlearn will nececari lead to failtu is not 100 % true , but it contain a import messag and should be use as a motiv , especi in certain field of studi .