a famou say goe , `` everyth ha two side '' . depend on person experi , person type and emtion concern , i realiz that some peopl hold an idea that young peopl 's live are more joy than older peropl 's , meanwhil other prefer the other side of thi point . in my opinion , young peopl trueli doe have more joy life than older peopl . in the follow discuss , i would like to provid three conspicu aspect to support my view point . in the first place , young peopl ha more `` toy '' to play with . comput , play statioin , xbox , are all favorit thing for teenger even children . howev , older peopl even do not know what are these `` wire mechin '' use for . for exampl , one time , i wa play game on my comput , my littl sister came to me and ask me to let her play for awhil . she did a good job on play with it . in contrast , when my grandpa came to me , he thought i wa watch movi on my comput . becaus of the learn speed of older peopl is respect slow compar to younger peopl , so their abil of enjoy life decreas a lot . in short , young peopl ha more high technolog `` toy '' to play to make their life happier than older peopl do . moreov , young peopl have more friend than older peopl ha . teenger are like to express their opinion with each other and they do not hide thing with their friend , so they enjoy life more than older peopl do . howev , base on the abil of commun skill , older peopl are unabl to in touch with huge number of friend . as a consequ , they are lack of friendship . henc , few friend make older peopl unabl to enjoy life more than young peopl do . lastli , the will of some excit advantur of teenger are higher than older peopl . almost everi teenger are like travel becaus they want to explor some excit advantag . nevertheless , older peopl have given these kind of will up long time befor just becaus they are busi about their work and their energi is limit . therefor , teenger excit drive them to becom more happier . to sum up , by list three factor that i discuss abov which sometim they intertwin to becom an organ whole and thu becom more persuas . we can safe reach the conclus that young peopl trueli have a happier life than older peopl have .