the issu at hand is : is it more import for student to understand idea and concept or is it more impor for student to learn fact . thi issu is veri import , becaus the answer to thi question could lead to a better learn system . in my opionion both the understand of idea and concept and the learn of fact is veri import . but if i have to chose , i guess understand idea and concept would be more import . the first reason whi i believ that understand idea and concept is more import is becaus student will forget the learn fact , but the understand structur and concept keep in their mind . for exampl , when a student learn whi exactli to use thi kind of word in sentenc in a foreign languag , he can everytim rememb whi he is do thi way . but if he just use thi kind of word , someday he will forget it and ca n't rememb whi he should use thi word . the student who learn ` whi ' use exactli thi word , can everytim rememb . an other reason whi i believ that it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than to learn fact is becaus student do n't learn how to solv problemat issu . when they onli learn fact , they are not abl to understand the real problem , becaus the never learn how differ concept work . they just learn what the fact are , but everi singl issu differ from the exactli learn structur , so they mayb do n't understand the idea . but student who learn how to deal with idea and differ concept , are abl to solv the problem better . final , in my opinion it is easier to learn fact than to understand idea and concept . that is an import aspect , becaus mani student may be a littl bit stupid or are not veri intellig , but they get the same grade than the intellig one becaus of learn fact . that is would n't be right , becaus when a student understand the idea und understand the ` whi ' , he is a veri good at what he doe . but the student who just learn the fact , he is n't good at what he doe , he just can thing good in hi mind . should thi be the sens of learn ? in my opinion , it is n't . ultim , i think understand the concept and the idea is veri import for a student . it is also import to learn fact , becaus in some subject you have to learn more fact than in other . but my reason and exampl demonstr that it is the better for student to understand , so they keep thing better in their mind , the can solv problem better and the can be proud of their grade !