i agre with the statement that state young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their own commun becaus i feel that the youth of the nation in today 's scenario is more expos to differ thing in life in term of advanc in the technolog and achiev in global comun and world 's infrastructur . the teenag have greater access to thing in life than in earli day . the question of help the societi or do someth benefici for other seem less import to them , for mani reason that keep them preoccupi and also for the fact that nowaday , most parent do not teach their children about societi 's develop , hygein and may also hardli find ani peer group who will be interest in ani social activ . what keep them involv in themselv and stay aloof in their own world is the improv in technolog and commun where most teenag would want to experi new thing and the urg of tri variou new gadget and the resourc for gain more knowlegd where they can boost to their peer . the entertain industri also play a major role here where the youth would want to be updat with all da latest movi , t.v show and music . the arriv of network system and the internet give the youth more access to thing in ani part of the world at ani time . within click , the inform is present in front of them and be it on ani subject matter . the night life in pub and club is anoth method of social and keep themselv parti with the high music blast and tap of the floor . the sport is anther craze for the youth to be busi involv into , be it formula1 race , footbal , tenni or cricket . therefor , with the entertain packag and the encylopedia at their hand the youth nowaday hardli care for their own societi but themselv . it is so much possibl that they dont even find the time for the ocassion get togeth within their own commun . leav alon commun , may be for their own famili member . everyon is so involv in their own daili task and routin , that even though it becom mundan at a point , the youth will defin keep themselv occupi with someth new to explor and learn . but will not think of help their own commun . the youth are not to be blame here complet as it requir the awaren and the sens of respons toward their own societi which can be brought onli by their own parent and elder and ofcours the educ that they are receiv . the show on tv also to a certain extend do influenc the youth . therefor , more show and program should be telecast and more film should be made to bring about the awar within the youth . as the societi we come from protray the kind of person we are and th eliv standard we have .