it is true that young peopl enjoy life much more that older peopl do and i support thi statement entir . we have to howev , realiz that we mayb refer to a specif time period and differ stage of age-group at differ time , thi may includ one 's year of adolesc or even the teenag year . as an adult with a famili to look after , there are a lot of addit respons that are thrust onto one 's shoulder . as a younger person there mayb the academ pressur that one ha to cope up with but not a problem as such . afteral , it is the duti of everi child to studi . the adult are incorpor into their live what they have alreadi learnt , while the younger are still in the process of learn the basic trick of the trade . learn howev , is a never end process . as a younger person , there is alway a tendanc to experi . sometim thi may prove to be success or may lead to failur . the whole point is that as a younger person , we are at an immatur stage in our live and thing may not affect us that advers and thi is a big advantag and a huge motiv factor to go out and tri differ thing . after all as said by georg bernard shaw in hi famou play pygmalion , `` what is a life but a seri of inspir folli . '' younger peopl have a lot more freedom , in the sens that they have a much wider curriculum and whole lot of facil to avail off , which our elder could have onli dreamt of have in their time . ofcours there is no shortcut to success and the requir amount of hardwork ha to be put in , onli we are luckier that we have access to better and quicker resourc to consult . a great exampl could be taken from within a school commun itself . the senior-junior relationship . as a junior there is not much expect out of one , except a good academ , which goe for everyon across the board . as a senior one may be vest with great power , and with great power come great author and greater respons . it is realli surpris , yet true to see such a major shift of responsibl even among a smaller group . school is howev onli a micro-cosm of the world and thi is how the heirarchi is maintain the world over . the younger lot have no tension as such . the younger one 's alway have a much relax attitud toward toward life and it other variou aspect as well , and whi should'nt they , there is the right time for everyth and as they grow older the burden of respons will get to them . life at a younger stage is much more relax and stress-fre . as an adult one may be deal in a veri rigor and challeng climat , with a lot of intens competit , howev , differ than that of a younger person . thu , i can conclud by say that the younger lot do enjoy life a lot more than the older peopl do .