it is claim that teenag nowaday have less time to commit themselv to activ other than academ pursuit ; they do not give enough time to help their commun . howev , i disagre with the claim , as in the perspect of a young student , i still see a lot of young peopl squeez out time to help their commun . in my school , there are a lot of organ programm for student to engag in to help their commun . we are offer preciou opportun to visit old folk home and valuabl chanc to ask for donat for disabl children . i wa also proud that i particip in activ for chariti organis to perform harmonica in public to gather donat from peopl . there are a lot of student who are also activ involv in commun programm to fulfil themselv and to contribut to societi and their commun through whatev way they can . last year , local univers stop to use commun involv programm ( cip ) as a criterion for admiss of freshman applic . the main reason is that the ministri of educ ( moe ) wish to discourag student from particip in commun programm for the sake of earn cip hour , which wa use as a criterion for univers admiss . howev , after moe ha discard the old system , there are still a lot of student who engag activ in commun work , which is a testimoni to the fact that most student are help their commun to contribut to societi not , for the sake of get into a univers . in addit , given the ampl opportun for yound peopl to help their commun , mani have take advantag of the organ school activ to experi the real life of poor peopl . nowaday , peopl are gener more affluent than befor , but there are still a lot of unfortun peopl who can not escap from the viciou cycl of poverti . thu , some student from wealthi famili take advantag of their opportun to go oversea to help poor peopl . in my school , there are organ programm for student to travel to thailand and other poor area to help to teach the poor student who are depriv of the opportun to learn in a comfot classroom as we do . everi year , there are a lot of student who appli for the programm , to the extent that our school ha to select student for the oversea trip . mani student are compel to help the poor peopl . those who are given the opportun to travel abroad also ask for the whole school popul to donat book and unus stationari to the poverti stricken student . therefor , in conclus , despit the hectic schedul of comteporari young peopl , i still think that mani youth sincer want to contribut to their commun and help to make the world a better place for all homo sapien to live in , regardless of race , languag or religion .