mani peopl are afraid when they tri someth new . on the other hand , some peopl enjoy the afraid feel and the risk . mani time , the some peopl , who tri someth not familiar , could be success , fortun . in my opinion , tri new thing is effect and essenti to make one 's life and other ' live success . the first reason whi i think tri someth new is right is that it need to be brave . even though there are a lot of damag and risk as you tri a new thing , the difficulti probabl can give chanc to your life . braveri is one of the most import factor in order to not onli be success but also live confid . in that , tri someth new mean the person is veri brave , which need to be self-esteem oneself . i believ someon , who love oneself , can enjoy hi or her life . in addit , tri someth new give more oppurtun . if you do what you alreadi know how to do well , you would probabl do not fail . howev , you can not success as much as you want , becaus the ordinari thing is for everyon . the new thing are onli way to get more oppurtun . for exampl , bill gate is the richest person in the world . howev , at first , hi compani wa not that much wealthi to make him the wealthiest person in the earth , becaus `` comput busi '' wa not famou , then . fortun , gate chanlleng into the new field , and he attain hi goal and help other human to enjoy comput . final , tri new thing make the world improv . when peopl who tri new thing success , it mean the world becom more comfort . such as mani inventor , scientist , or artist are the person who do express their idea in a new thing . becaus of their braveri , mani human be ' live becom more conveni and interest . success peopl who tri new thing should be honour by other peopl . i also want to be a success peopl in order to improv not onli me and but also other peopl . even though the first time to tri new thing is hard , i will not be afraid of do that . for the reason , i think tri new thing is effect and essenti to make one 's life and other ' live happier .