i agre with the statement of succuss peopl take risk . i believ that not chang approach from old way is not alway the best thing . it caus peopl not to open up their mind to new thing , which lead to slower progress . one need to tri new thing so that he or she could `` evovl '' to becom better . exampl of individu took in new thing are shingo suetsugu and ichiro suzuki . suetsugu becam the first japanes to medal in the sprint at the world competit . he wa abl to do so beacus he took a differ approach to run . anoth person is ichiro suzuki . ichiro is one of the greatest basebal in the histori . hi approach to basebal ha been veri much differ from the other . hi bat style is veri distinct , which show hi accept of new thing . it wa great for them for take in new approach for run , otherwis they might not have been success . shingo suetsugu becam a world class sprinter after he took a differ approach than in the past . at first , thi new style of run did not show much improv . normal , peopl would doubt thi new way becaus they do not see ani benefit , but suetsugu did not do that , he kept go with the new way . through train with the new method and modifi it , hi time slowli but sure start to improv . as a result , he wa abl to compet at a world class level and get the bronz medal . anoth individu of a success person is also an athlet , ichiro suzuki . ichiro is now one of the greatest basebal player . how did he becom such a great player ? thi is due to the fact that he tri new thing ; he did not just follow what other were do . normal , peopl bat with their domin side when they are young , but ichiro did not do that . he believ that left side , the non-domin side for him , would be better becaus it wa closer to first base . in addit , he start to move toward first base as he hit , which wa also new . with these new approach hi hit improv . now he ha becom a success player . peopl often do not want to take risk becaus they fear that it may caus harm to them . but in order to be success , one must take risk . as in the exampl state previous , those that took risk becam success . it is the unkown that make someon differ and be success .