when it come to car use , the tendenc seem to be upward slope and that is whi i believ that twenti year from now , there will be more car than there are today ; but i believ that car wont be the same as they are today . within the past fifti year , the number of car ha grown drastic worldwid . if we take a look back in time we can easili realiz that dure the 1950 's famili were accostum to have one car if ani per household , while today , on the other hand , most famili tend to own two car . thi growth pattern could have been caus by chang that have taken place in societi such as the incorpor of more women to the labor forc , but the truth is that today we have more car than we use to . therefor , it seem reason to expect a continu increas in the number of automovil within the next twenti year . it is true that car use keep increment , but it is also true that now peopl are more conciou of the environment problem than they were befor , and that is whi reform are be put in place in order to reduc car use . such reform includ high park rate and tax on big automovil , such as jeep . while these reform seem harsh , the number of car ha not been decreas substanci and that is whi i believ that the tendenc will continu to be upward slope . on the other hand , while i believ that automovil will keep increas , their manufactur will have to be more environment conciou and that is whi car will not be the same as they are today . a possibl chang which seem to work is the use of hydroelectr engin ( engin which are electr power ) . these vehicul util water tank in order to gener motion . anoth posibl is incorpor sun pannel in car , just like the one which are now use in home in order to obtain energi from the sun 's ray . both these technolog , are less pollut than the technolog implement in regular car and that is whi it seem reason that new car will implement one of these two . in conclus , i believ that the number of car will continu to grow dure the next twenti year , but i also understand that the situat is unsustain as it is today and that is whi car technolog will have to chang drastic in order to protect our planet from pollut ; therefor , car will have to chang .