agre . i complet agre with the statement . most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . the statement can be appli to almost ani field . firstli , the fact present in the ad are not alway correct . these gener are not test or not verifi . say , at one time an ad in asian countri about the heat pump said that the devic can output two unit of heat energi when it take onli one input of electr energi . now thi challeng the veri law of conserv of energi . but it doesnt tell about an addit unit of heat energi the devic take from surround . so on the part of the consum it becom realli difficult to believ such fact . secondli , it sometim happen the statist result shown about a product are not taken consid all possibl situat . say for exampl the window beta version ad said that it can work longer . but in actual work the softwar crash after work continu for forty-eight hour . one obviou possibl reason is that it wa never test in such condit . so in ad it look veri effici , much more than it actual wa . thirdli , sometim the ad make comparison with the other product of same categori . in such comparison they highlight those paramet which are good in their product as compar to the other product . but rare they compar all the paramet includ those in which their product is inferior in perform to the other compani 's product . they never show the actual tradeoff between the posit and neg of the product . so the comparison can be mislead veri often to the consum . lastli , veri few ad show the potenti harm a product can caus to a human or entiti use it over long period of time . for exampl a comput monitor manufactur compani veri rare focus on the part that continu exposur to the screen can strain the eye which can have seriou medic problem in long run . so the consum never get to know about these problem think that the product is effici and doesnt even strain the eye . rare such ad suggest to use anti-glar protect screen . by use the abov state support reason and approri exampl most advertis make product seem much better in perform and effici than they realli are .