the concept and the idea that a person ha develop in a particular subject is a direct implic of the amount of profound knowledg that he ha acquir in that subject . in my view understand the idea and the concept is more import for a student that to learn the fact . fact just act as the support inform to the concept and the idea , but they do not play a major role in learn about the subject . in ani major stream , the person who know the concept and who is capabl of understand the idea will have the lead voic . for exampl , in a softwar industri the fact are not at all consid . they just act as the background inform for the work that should be done . the main thing that matter is the concept and the idea . furthermor , if we take ani entranc exam or ani academ examin the main emphasi is on the type of the idea that student is capabl of gener for a particular problem . a minor import is given to the fact . fact just support the idea and the concept . they act as the evid onli . for exampl , mani of the scholar and the scientist had a firm believ in their concept and the idea and move forward but they never consid the fact . onli after they arriv at a conclus about the studi upon which they are work , then they co-rel thi result with the fact . fact are not reliabl . gener fact chang when a new discoveri ha been made . but the concept and the idea will not chang . they are the build block of the subject . fact just support the concept and the idea . further , when a person ha a strong knowledg about the fact about a particular subject , which gener tend to chang then he may not have a profound knowledg about the subject . the amount and the depth of the concept that an individu ha in ani core subject is a basi on which hi knowledg in the subject is measur . and also , a person who ha the keen and the depth knowledg is like to get fruit result than to a person whose main emphasi is on the fact . furthermor , in an elementari school and in the high when the student are at a tender age the main emphasi is upon the concept but not on the fact . fact are given minor import there . in sum , i think that the idea and the concept play a major role for a student than when compar to the fact .