i think the statement that ` young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun ' is too gener . it alway depend on the type of person whether he want or doe not want to serv hi commun . there have alway exist peopl who owe to there ambit or vest interest do not give time to help their commun . so say that thi is the case at present onli , would be veri unfair . there are numer exampl of young peopl world over who made it their life target to serv their commun . but i would agre to the point that there ha been a consider decreas in the number of young peopl serv their commun . thi is mainli do the follow reason . due to the process of rapid global the belief of one commun is decreas as peopl now consid themselv more a part of the world cosmopolitan commun rather than to aparticular commun . also due to the ever increas competet in evey field the young peopl do not find much time to serv their commun . the high amount of stress the youth are undergo due to the ever increas work pressur make them believ in enjoy whatev free time they get . so they are more inclin to merryment and parti in their free time rather than to serv their commun . earlier the reason for more contribut by the youth toward their commun and countri wa that most of the countri were under alien rule and were fighit for their freedom . so thi gener more patriot tendenc among the young peopl . today thi factor is absent at most of the place . i feel that today youth are more inclin to first make their live success and then at a later stage in life when they have achiev their target they contribut to their commun . for exampl bill gate , in hi youth might not have found much time to serv hi commun to agreat extent , but now that he ha achiev hi target he is contribut a lot to the peopl of america . in my countri india , there is a group call rss which is mainli compos of young peopl with senior leader to guid them . the main object of the group is commun servic i.e. serv peopl in case of drought , flood , natur calam or ani problem for that matter . also in colleg we have student teach underpriveleg peopl free of cost in the even hour . so we find that though there ha been a declin in the number of peopl serv there commun but still there is lot of work be done by the young peopl . here i would also like to point out that though some young peopl might not be serv their commun in particular but by work in the field of scientif advanc in nation which offer better opportun they are serv the human as a whole and so they are also serv their commun . thu i partial agre with the statement that thought there ha been a decreas in the number of youth serv their commun but still there are youth make effort in thi direct . also they might not be contribut much in their youth but in a later stage of life when they have achiev their goal they contribut in a big manner .