so , how would you feel an elderli person watch a soccer match and shout at peak of hi voic . he ha hi goggl on , a bear can in hand , and say , england flag paint on him . wo n't you feel a bit annoy by the scene . ye , it true that everi diffrernt age group ha a particular way of enjoy and even enjoy their joy . but , it 's quit a bit clear that young peopl enjoy thier lif to fullest than the age . just look at the energi of the youngster , the way they enjoy and with no pressur of be asham , if seen by ani one . the main pointof diffrenti in youngster and an eldrli person is the energi . with bodi get older , it tend to loos it energi and even the muscl weaken . when young all the bodi celll are young and can store and diliv the maximum energi requi . so with thi we can go on trake , danc , jump , play , and mani more thing . but due to lack of energi elderli peopl can not enjoy much , especi the thing requir more energi . anoth good reason support my point is , number of option avail . you just can not expect an old man to go for cycl round the beach for 10km daili . with sour joint , he ha to bring lot mani limit to the kind of work he can do . in contrast , young men and women have mani opit open in the way they can enjoy . a person fond of bike can go on long ride everi week end , or an athlet can have a mounatin trake program set . along with thi physic exhaust joy , a girl will o danc can take danc lesson and perform whenev she feel down . last in the list , and one of import factor of social life is fear of be caught . with increas involv in social life , each ha o take care of hi imag in public . so the way to enjoy the life get limit down for a man ho ha live much of hi life than a yougster . if a compani boss is seen freak around on beach is definit point ou , but , if it 's hi son is sure admir . thu to conclud with , i can onli say that though youngster have more way to enjoy life than elder peopl , one can sure defin hi enjoy . defin it we can be happi with what we have , with no greed for what we do n't .