i think both point are equal import in colleg but in your later life it would be more import to understand the argument and basic than to learn the fact off by hard . nobodi can understand a theme just by learn simpl fact , it is the complex idea that make someon understand . everybodi can learn thing off by hard , but not everyon understand the materi . and the understand for me make a person grow not onli it mind but also it person . but still there are some benifit to both side . when i had histori class in school for instanc , i wa alway realli good in understand the idea and concept that were discuss , but alway when i had to write an exam i had problem to rememb import date . and that is what histori mainpoint is , is n't it ? the result wa that i never got a better mark than a three . that is just the averag mark in germani . but when i start to studi the date which resembl the fact in the question . i suddenli got much better mark . on the other hand if i just knew the date i would have gotten a much worser mark , becaus i probabl would n't have understood ani of the assign . but i also think that there are case where you just have to know simpl fact . in some part of biolog , chemistri , physic and math , in all scienc . i mean if you have to labl bodi part of an anim or human , there is no way in do that without know the fact . an eye is an eye and not a leg , thi is quit obviou . the same is with mathemat formula , thi are fact you realli need to know to get a good mark , becaus there is no way to get a solut without them , except you are as good as einstein and you deriv the formula on your own , but i think even for a geniou it would not work out right to do that . chemistri and physic are just the same . also in thi subject there are big part where you can not go far without the understand of idea and main concept , especi not in higher level scienc . i think the the two skill of understand idea and learn fact are interrel . a good student realli need both . but in conclus i would still say that understand is much more import , becaus in later life you will not get a job by just tell the pythagorean theorem . but you have to understand basic idea .