when peopl think of make an advertis for ani kind of purpos , they alway want to make consum to get the right idea , or at least understand it . for thi purpos to function , the advertis ha to be perfect . so , it may be true that adevertis make product look better than they realli are , although that doe n't mean the product is bad . the purpos for advertis is to sell , or to chang way of think in peopl mind . an easi exampl , is fast food restaur . they will never give a product as good as it appear in menu , but you will still buy it . thi mean that sinc the moment you leav that restaur , you will alway now that the meal you had will not look like he one in the menu . still the restaur will keep on adevertis their new meal or new promot in the street or in their menu 's to creat a confuss on the costum mind , but make them think that the meal look exactli as it is in the adevertis . if advertis were not as perfect as they are today , they would not sell . the point is to make peopl decid for someth that they may no be convinc for . so , if the advertis show the perfect way for peopl to get convinc for someth , whi not make them better than they realli are . thi may creat problem also , becaus you can loos client everytim you give them someth that is not what they expect , but as i said at the begin the advetis can be better than the real product , but it doe n't mean that the prodcut is bad . mayb the client can no be as satisfi at the begin but if the compani tri it best apart of the advertis to make the costum think the product is good , thi one will forget how the advertis look like . in conlus , the advertis is a part of a strategi to sell product , but it is the first one to be seen by futur custum . thi mean that it good to make them better than they realli are , but there ha to be a good job to satisfi the client in the moment of purchas and the moment of atend the client so the product will never be a bad product , although it seem better in the advertis .