i agre with the success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . i know and heard mani exampl about thi kind of thing . i think a realli success person must be smart and honest . they can be success in thi area , becaus they know how to be successd in thi area , but a man can not alway stay and do now go forward . success peopl alway want to be success in diffrent area , so they can prove themselv that they are realli should be success . first , i think mani pepl heard that some popular movi star or singer also do their own busi , such as have a resteru , cloth store , hotel and so on . movi star and singer they earnd too much money than other , whi they should do these thing , they need more money ? or they have too much money so they just do it for fun ? i think they just want to show peopl that they can do everyth like a regular person , they are not onli have good look or beauti voic , they can also be succes in other area . actual , mani of them also did veri good busi . so i think success peopl tri new thing and take risk can prove themselv that they are not just lucki , or mayb they need more money . secondli , i read in the newspap , a man he is realli a success busi man , he is so rich , but he alway tri the new thing . the man had mani hotel , these hotel are all five star hotel , and they are so famou all over the world . but the man open a travel compani , thi is a realli good idea , becaus first of all he can let the travel live in hi hotel , and the secondli he can earnd more money from the travel . now he did veri good job in travel compani . after i read thi new , i realli think the man is so smart , there are mani travel compani and mani hotel , whi they can not be success but the man did both . last but not least , peopl can be success not becaus they are just lucki , becaus they work more harder than other . a success person can alway be success if he can catch the good chanc , and use thi chanc to be successul .