there are larg number of peopl who are intellig in thi world . they have a lot of knowledg and they do know mani fact about the most type of studi . can we realli consid all of them as smart and the most success peopl in the world ? mayb , but certainli not all of them . i say we can call a person intellig if he/sh understand the idea and the concept of the fact they have learn , not onli solid fact that are memor . in order to educ our student , more intellig and success , it is more import to make student understand idea and concept . it is not hard to find peopl with lot of inform and fact in their brain . it 's also not rare to find them have difficulti of explan thier idea of how those concept they know make sens or funtion . one of the reason whi most of them are not capabl of do that is becaus that they just have memor what the teacher or other have told them . they just rememb what they are told . those kind of `` smart '' peopl know that 1 + 1 = 2 but they do not know whi , becaus their teacher never explain them or they did not tend to know about those thing . thi deriv us to the fact that they are smart becaus they know the fact that some other might not know but not realli becaus they do n't understand the idea and concept that are relat to the fact they know . student are prepar for their futur live in a bigger societi in school and what our societi want are the peopl who are smart , who know how to appli their knowledg in certain situat . peopl who onli learn about the fact but not about their natur or concept do not realli know how to use their knowledg in a real life . they have their knoledg in their head onli . on the other hand , peopl who know the fact and also fulli understand the idea and concept , know how to appli those knowledg in ani situat they encount . they do know how certain thing work so therefor they can chang thing in order to their understood idea and concept , and make it work for most situat . a school is an institut where teacher teach student to be prepar for their futur . it is not a factori where worker just put some inform to their comput ' databas . in order to fulfil the goal of the institut and also to make sure educ student in the way where they are abl to use and appli their knowledg in their everyday life , the school should teach and the student should tend to learn idea and concept rather than just to learn fact becaus it is much more import .