car industri is one of the biggest industri of the world today . car are part of the daili life of peopl all over the world . i do n't know how mani peopl take their car everi morn to reach their job locat ? so , for sure i can not imagin our societi without car today . .. but in twenti year ? to tri to answer to thi problemat i will first hightlight the reason whi i think it 's possibl to have fewer car in use in twenti year . then i will focu on the opposit argument . first we can consid that with the develop of other transport industri like plane , train , buse etc . .. peopl will more and more use these transport instead of their car . thi will be probabl more true for peopl who live in big citi . for exampl , in mexico citi , you may take 4 hour to cross the citi from the north to the south . but if you use the buse or subway network , one hour could be enough . .. so what i would like to demonstr is that the use of the car could be a drawback in such situat and i think that peopl will be more and more awar about that . the other factor that can influenc peopl to use less their car is the competit price of other transport . for exampl , with the low cost compani you can go and go back from pari to milano by plane for around 50 us dollar . secondli , i have to admit that even if new opportun to move from a point to anoth one are increas and will continu to , peopl like and need to have their own car . i will take two exampl to show how i imagin the way the car in use will increas . for instanc , in franc ( but i guess it 's the same in most countri ) , peopl are more and more live in the suburb or big citti . they think the qualiti of the life there is better . but with thi new way of life , they will for sure need to use their car to go to the center of the citi where their job is , but also the supermarket etc . .. the second exampl i would like to give you is a mexican exampl . in mexico , you use car to show your social level . so most of the rich mexican peopl own more than one car . they have a car to go at work , a car to go out , a car to do shop etc . .. but mexico will be probabl more develop in twenti year , that mean more wealthi peopl and so more car in use . .. so , from my point of view , in twenti year we will propabl be abl to decreas the number of car in use , but due to the social life amd the habit of peopl it will be imposs . to conclud i will say that even if i do n't believ it will be possibl in twenti year , i realli hope that it would be in the futur . .. we need to preserv our environ . .