new thing give success mani peopl believ that if a person want to be success , he/sh should tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well . i agre with it . although there are mani differ defin on the term `` success peopl '' , i believ that if a person doe not tri new thing , he/sh would never be success . there are mani success peopl as exampl for thi statement , such as albert enstein and bill gate . albert enstein is one of the most famou and revolutionari physist in histori . what ha he done , is use hi radicular thought on situat with speed of light to contrast with sir isac newton 's theori , which is call classic physic and contain most basic theori on forc at that time . with thi contrast , albert enstein establish new physic theori . by take a tri on new thought , enstein had physic subject step forward to new gener , and himself becam a success person . he ha said : `` imegin is more import than knowledg . '' as he said , without thi creativ thought , physic would never have a progress . anoth success person i want to show here is one of the richest person in current world , whose name is bill gate . he is the ceo of the biggest softwar campani , microsoft . with hi great sens on the develop of comput , he realli pass a gate toward bill . when he wa still in hi teen age , comput wa realli a rare thing . ignor the object by hi classmat , bill quit harvert univers and take thi new thing , and also risk . of cours , if he ha continu hi way in havert , he may becom a nice lawyer . howev , to him , nice mean noth . he doe not want to be normal . by run person comput program busi , which is a new task with new risk at that time , he success . tri new thing give him reward much more then ani one can imag . not onli albert enstein and bill gate are the success peopl who have taken new thing and risk , the way of other success peopl like plank or schroding to success are also tri new thing . differ peopl have differ way to success , but success peopl alway tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well .