although there is a good reason for advertis product , i believ that advertis make product seem better . three reason convinc me that advertis is make product appear much better . firstli , with the develop of new technolog it is much easier today to adjust pictur or film as you wish . flaw or even scratch can disappear by just a mous click . the use of modern softwar even help to make fat thing look slimmer , which you can see on pictur that show leg wear stock . secondli , good look thing sell better . the first reason for a compani is to sell their product becaus they live on it and exist on it . therefor compani are will to do the best to let their product be the best even if it ; s onli by appear on a big screen or wallpap hang somewher at the train station or elsewher . a product that is not attract to the custom will stay with the compani . compani are use femal and male model to support their product . they want to give us a feel that if these model use thi product we - the custom - can trust them becuas face and behavior in front of us can not be a lie . thirdli , compani use movi to offer their product . when ever peopl switch on the televison they can not escap the comerci shown for hour and hour on the screen or at the cinema in your hometown and of cours all over the world . by use thi intens propaganda techniqu custom are not save anymor . custom rare find a nich to avoid advertis and their apeal look . for thi intens attack on custom the compani spend libar amount of moni . they develop special movi to reach all custom around the globe . even in movi we find again the abov mention method that model are use to support a specif item and it ; s advantag . so , mani actor and actress make money by the way . custom like to identifi themself with these movi star and thi lead to an increas in sell . even if custom have n't tri such product befor thi just reli on what thi are told or have seen . in summari , we onli knew thing from tv or movi but we have great interst in buy it becaus we have seen it or believ an artif pictur