i agre with the statement that `` young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun '' . the twenti first centuri is accompani with a lot of growth and develop in scienc . globalis ha led to a lot of countri come to our countri and trade here . thi is gener seen to leav an impact on peopl . the cultur valu are slowli fade away from our societi . young peopl are given the respons to help their commun move ahead and have a strong stand in the societi . unfortun , the younger gener ha fail to divid their time and use it to the fullest . the cultur are chang at a veri high pace . it is seen that the young peopl want to take an easier path and go with the flashi stuff . littl do they realis that by do thi they will eventu let their commun to fade away in the longer span of life . they are so impress by other lifestyl and commun that they forget their respons . peopl are migrat to differ countri . most of the countri have form a group of a certain commun peopl . but , it is seen that there are veri few who work whole-heartedli for their commun . other , usual either do n't have time or are reluct to help . it is also seen that the younger gener lack the sens of respons . they have taken it rather too lightli . they will have time to go to a parti with friend or go to a holiday with the famili but find it too difficult to take out time for commun develop . help out their commun is rather a kind of formal for them . they might pay the yearli allow but never care to go and check if it actual be use to the fullest . even if they make it a point to attend to it at certain interv and make some improv , it would make a lot of improv . what is requir is their full support and their idea to help it flourish . they should realis that it is a kind of an invest . thi will never go wast . the more they will help , the more the next gener is go to benefit from it . thi should give it import becaus if not look upon now , the valu will becom extinct sometim . no-on will care for their origin . it will come as a setback later . the hardwork of our ancestor should not go wast .