make so generel a statement ( such as `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do '' ) can onli lead to an ambigu answer : one can not divid the world so easili . it appear theoret right to say that young peopl enjoy more life ; i would say they have less reason to be bitter : they have not yet been confront to the afflict . for exampl they do n't know about the wound of love , the stress of work or the responsibilit of adult life like monetari preoccup . children have much to learn and their ignor protect them from unhappi . but it is thi same ignor that rule their somehow unstabl behaviour : unhappi ( manifest through abund of tear , scream ) can hit them for an unimport reason . a child who see hi parent go for work might seem to have seen them die , cri for long minut ; their despair is intens . thi emot unstabl ha anoth side : unhappi doe rare last and the cri child can be seen a few minut later play and laugh . older peopl feel sad differ and it chang their overal happi in variou way : some will bear with pain the numer difficulti they have encount in their life ; they will accumul and eventuali they will spend all day think about their preoccup or afflict , neglect the simpl pleasur of life . a grown-up man will think about the girlfriend he just lost and think that there is no happi love ; he will see hi parent grow old ant think of death , of the vaniti of life . but on the opposit hand a man with the same background can react veri differ : if he ha a philosoph temper , he will not fear death and think of a forthcom love ; the thunder atmospher in hi workplac will seem mundan , becaus they have seen it twice , thrice and more . noth surpris him and he live in seren , or at least he know how to deal with the pain of life . to say that young peopl enjoy more life than older peopl can be true , but we must add that young peopl suffer more intens from life and it small detail than grown-up . older peopl normal have a more linear behaviour , gener sad when they do n't know how to gaug the import of what affect them , gener happi when they do .