ye , i agre that it is more import for the student to understand idea and concept than it is for themto learn the fact . ani countri growth is depend on the student . student can act the major role in the grow of ani countri . so there is a nessec and import for the student to understand idea and concept . if they are not understand the idea which are implement to develop it wil more effect on the nation and all the requir for the develop of the countri . for exampl , if anyon can give the idea for the develop if the student is not understand in the right way so there no result will appear , so for good result everi student can understand that what they are o and what they have to do becaus of if they think right way it is good if they think in wrong way the result will be effortend on the all of the peopl which are leav in the countri . if the problem will occur at that time they solv the problem by think in the right way so it can not creat the some more problem if it not solv the right they can creativ the more problem and it wil effect on the nation . the futur of the countri or nation is pure depend on the student , how they can approch and how they can get the good posit . and also there is a need of learn the fact . most of the student can not understand the main idea and concept for the develop so they will effect more so thi problem can be avoid by some other student who can have the good knowledg and who can understand the thing easili that mean the idea for the develop . so there is need of understand the idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . some of the student can not agre with the fact and also they are negleg for thi fact so that peopl can lose the good qualiti of the understand power so i suggest that everi one can get the good understand power and everi one know that how they can understand the thing for the develop of the nation . so it is more import for the student to understand idea and the concept than it is for them to learn fact . so the nation or the countri can develop more and acheiv the good posit . develop is inth student hand .