the `` understand '' function is an asset when it come to learn someth . learn without understand can bring peopl to a simpl repetit or reproduct of what they have learn . robot , and ape use dure experi learn th way . the pavlov experi when a dog learn to be prepar for food-tim instinct is a great exampl to show that learn do not requir much effort . human be have more faculti to develop by understandig , though they still have to learn . understand a concept develop in class help the student to relat thi concept to similar situat where the concept wa appli . the student , in th case , is abl to review the concept in ani kind of situat and is free from hi book theori for thi part of the subject . for exampl if someon do not understand the concept of what is the natur purpos of have sex , thi person might be interest by the fact that have sex just provid him a person satisfact . on the other hand , by understand the concept , he would know that he is not the onli one be pleas , that the sex can bring a child , and we can go further if we consid the psycholog , and physic dimens of a human . as for the exampl , the student might understand the concept , learn better the subject , be abl to transmit the idea to other , and find more exampl for explan of what he have learn . in addit without frequent repetit the student will be abl to recal the concept and then the fact more faster than a simpl fact learn ( view as a repetit exercis ) . it is difficult to visual a fact that you have never learn , or experienc from a book . becaus more academ book present concept first , then exampl ; it would be more easi for a student who understand the concept to creat an exampl of hi own and go further in the lesson that one who onli lern the exampl . at the test the one who learn is more like to answer wrong a lot of question relat to the concept he never understood . histori ha shown that research are develop by peopl who understood the concept left by other . they devevelop the concept , and then use experi and exampl to support and verifi their view . as student are suppos to studi the matter they are face to , it is more import for them to `` understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact . ''