ye i agre that young peopl do not get time help their commun . the reason for thi i think is the increas of the fast and busi life and also becaus of more and more increas compettit . thi lead to the pressur on the young peopl and requir to struggl as much as they can to lead a succes life . earlier the fight for the facil , employ , leisur of life were not so difficult to achiev . thi may be becaus the earlier life wa more simpl . but as there is a boom of technolog and introduct to new field , the young peopl requir much harder effort and persisst to get through the com challeng . earlier the structur of the societi wa also differ than it is today . their wa much more interact between peopl and the young one and the adult would particip togeth . anoth reason of the avail of less time for the young peopl can be becaus of the introduct to more and new mean of entertain , interact etc.entertain like televis etc. and interact facil such as internet chat or mobil servic etc.therefor the young peopl spend most of the time in either struggl for their better live or spend time with new mean and sourc for leisur whenev they get free time . for exampl a person with the same 24 hour if given a choic would do more product work which would be benefici for him in futur than spend time to interact with peopl . the phrase ' surviv of the fittest ' is now best suitabl for the develop societi and young peopl want to cope up with the speed to find their way for their easi surviv . even in case of small children , the increas in the difficulti of their subject and the increas load ha restrict them to spend more time in play with their friend . i would say that the young one are not to be blame of the current senario becaus the situat ha creat a need for them to behav in a more introvert rather than more extrovert manner . the young peopl , s behaviour is chang due to chang in the structur of the overal societi . the societi is forc the young one to fight more for their futur than live the present and spend time to socialis and time witheir commun . the abov reason i think justifi that whi young peopl do not give enough time to help their commun .