`` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do '' - a challeng topic to discuss , but also a question that becom more and more import . our societi , especi the german societi , get older and older . sinc the birth rate decreas from year to year , we will confront an `` age '' popul in the futur . in contrast to emerg and grow cultur like the chines or the indian , we will confront upcom problem a lot earlier . but what defin your abil to enjoy life ? doe age actual have an impact on the way you live your own life ? do factor like physic abil , experi and your current situat in life affect your abil to enjoy ? sinc i am just 22 year of age - i know how much fun it is to be young and how easi it is to enjoy life when there are no physic boundari or limit . you do not confront the boundari of movement , orient and sight a 80-year old man would have to live with . when you are young , you are at a point of time where you are constantli experienc new and interest thing . and the younger you are , the less you think about the futur . everyth is taken care of by your elder - you do not need to worri about anyth . in my opinion thi is the perfect base to start an enjoy life . so especi when you are realli young , it is a lot easier to enjoy life as it is . but what happen when you are grow up ? there are mani , mani event in life that chang your current situat dramat . you live in a period of constant chang . from day to day you are confront with more and more problem . start with puberti , life get more challeng from day to day . your first relationship , your first break-up , your first day of school , your first bad grade , your first car , your first major accid - with all the posit thing happen in our youth - you are now confront new and unkown situat which might prevent you from enjoy life as you did when you were realli young . and the older you get , the more you think about how easi everyth wa when you were just a kid . .. but is get old realli that discourag ? doe the fact that you might not be abl to do everyth you want , be it becaus you are physic `` handicap '' or your current posit in life , prevent you from enjoy life ? i think , as you grow older and older , your prefer chang . activ like go to club or play around and be physic success do not defin your life ani more . at a certain point of time , be it the retirement-ag , differ thing make you feel content and happi . see your own children grow up , spend time with peopl that are close to you or just be abl to be a `` good advisor '' to the younger gener might becom way to make your day . sinc life ha becom more and more stabl and chang dont happen that quickli anymor , you get the chanc to view life in a total differ way and thu you becom abl to benefit from differ thing and enjoy your life . in my opinion not the age but your own charact , your own `` soul '' defin wether you can enjoy life or not . even the richest man or a child that get everyth it can possibl imagin might be the sadest and loneliest peopl in the world . whether you are old or young , rich or poor - happi and the abil to enjoy your life are not mainli influenc by extern fact - what realli play a role is the person you are and how you see life itself .