with thi essay i will be discuss the question , whether young peopl nowaday do not give enough time to help their commun . thi question is certainli of materi import to our societi . onli with voluntari help certain area of commun can still function and exist these day . let us discuss for instanc the sport area . i have been the presid of our local football-club for quit some time . i made my way up come from a member , becom treasur and final the presid . of cours , thi function is absolut voluntarili and i have no moni or even thank for that . i did thi becaus i have the strong believ that adult have the respons to guid younger gener . by guidanc i do not necessarili mean the educ of the youth . thi is best done by their own parent . no , by respons of guidanc i mean that youth need to have altern play ground for their leisure-tim . unfortun , mani young boy and girl finish school do not have the immedi opportun to be recruit by firm . they are look around and tri to find a suitabl job or start an apprenticeship . these day , where million of employe look for job , especi youngster with less experi find it difficult to find a job . the risk here is , if you do not offer possibl for their leisure-tim , they might go wrong path . by that i mean misus of drug or alcohol for instanc , but also crime . come back to my football-club . the age of the footbal rang 16 to typic 25 year . a veri critic rang of age , we have to observ . we found it difficult by time to keep the youth interest in sport . but it wa possibl with certain motiv factor such as prais and special organis event or even incent , like new football-sho . howev , when it came to organis event outsid footbal like concert or christma parti we found it even more difficult to find volunt youngster . even the most finetun tactic did not help to convinc them that they have to help in organ and help at the event in order to get some cash money into the club account . anyway , gener spoken ye , youth doe not give enough time to help their commun . on the other hand one ha to consid that the interest are chang with the age . one day they will be in the reign of a football-club and experi these thing themselv . until then it is up to us elderli experienc peopl to get the right direct for the youth . agre ?