`` adolesc is the golden phase of life '' . thi statement will definetli support my idea that young peopl truli enjoy life more than older peopl . one alway rememb the life which he ha live dure hi earli year . it is alway hidden as beauti memori in some corner of their mind . the young gener love to face challeng , they are fill with energi , they have noth to worri about . young gener truli love to do experi with their life , thi may be sometim danger but they do learn alot from it . they take everi event or task as a challeng and then strive hard to complet it . even though they fail in their first attempt , they never give up and henc they learn how to live an enjoy life . thi can be seen from an exampl that when a young boy tri to make some devic , he face failur in the veri first attempt . but then he tri to put more of hi creativ and develop new model . thi is whi technolog is advanc with such a rapid speed and the world is get acquaint with new innov . young gener is alway fill with immens energi . take exampl of variou scientist like einstein , newton it can be seen that these peopl have creat histori becaus they had that unlimit energi to keep experi thing until a final conclus is not reach . as young peopl are contin do someth or the other , they are never exhaust neither do they feel lazi . thi result in their better health . they do not have to be depend on those highli expens pill nor do they have to take some medecin as a substitut for food becaus all organ of their bodi are well function . the most crucial secret behind the enjoy life that young peopl enjoy is that they are free from all bondag . they do not have ani load of respons , they treat themselv as free lancer and plan their live accord to their own benefit and pleasur . niether they have to go to work and take respons at the offic nor they have to keep think about their home chore . they can share respons but they do not have to carri it as a burden over their head . thu , by summar all the abov point and exampl it can be seen that young peopl have an aim in their life and thi is the most vital reason whi they enjoy live a better life in comparison with that of the old one .