the issu rais is a veri import issu as it creat a lot of hesit in the mind of mani individu . i strongli agre it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . i stick to thi opinion for the follow reason . the first reason i would prefer have broad knowledg of mani academ subject is becaus it give an overal idea to the individu . for exampl , a student like mechan engin will learn academ subject like electr , electron , comput etc . . other than hi mechan specialis subject . thi will dope him with knowledg when it come to design of a product say a car as it invlov the mechan design and the electr arrang . anoth reason is specialistaion in one subject pose barricad be employ in an organis where the organis need skill in all round aspect of academ subject . to illustr thi point i explain the desir qualiti a cnc lath oper should possess to seek a job . for thi the oper should have knowledg about the comput program which perform variou job as program and mechan knowledg for assist . an organis prefer to hire the oper who ha knowledg in both field of comput and mechan academ subject . an oper may not be employ if he is specialis in onli one field without have ani knowledg about other subject . final , specialis may end up as time consum process . a modern industri compris of an integr method of manufactur and specialis may delay the overal manufactur time in the workstat say an automot industri where differ compon of the product are need to be allign as one at the end . suppos a person is specialis in design the product say the car he may not know what voltag should be need inord to iginit the engin . so he need to seek the electr guy for thi which is absolut time consum . if he would have braod knowledg of mani academ subject like the electr knowlegd , he can dese the car in a shorter time . in conclus , at the end of the day the bottom line i pronounc is it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to specialis in one specif subject as specialis in one specif subject address complex .