car can be found easili in the world nowaday . the first thing that korean colleg student usual buy these day are car . becaus the world is becom more global and mobil , some peopl believ that in the near futur as near as in twenti year , there will be more car than there are right now . howev , i strongli disagre with that opinion for two reason ; firstli becaus the air pollut problem in earth is too critic , and secondli , peopl will make invent that will replac car in the futur . first of all , car will be fewer in twenti year becaus it gener too much air pollut . becaus of car , the air consist carbon-dixoid too much . thi phenomenon is caus the world to destruct . global-warm is becom a more of a realiti becaus of car . the un and mani other associ are stress with thi problem and they are find a way to stop air pollut . thu , becaus car are one of the highest prioriti of caus air pollut , they will be decreas in the near futur . secondli , mani invent are now be made to replac car . technolog is advanc in a veri frightin speed and in thi rate , peopl may be abl to use other vehicl as their primari transport . also , public transport like subway and train that run by fuel other than fossil fuel are be construct rapidli everywher . even right now peopl in korea are consid that public transport are better than car in variou way ; econom , social , polit and etc . by thi rate , in twenti year there wo n't be a place that is imposs to go to by public transport . in conclus , in two decad there will be fewer car in use than right now becaus firstli , air pollut problem ha becom someth so critic that car may eventu disappear slowli in the futur , and secondli , consid the technolog advanc rate as an evid , invent in the futur and public transport will replac the role of car . nowaday , hybrid car that use hydrogen and electr are be manufactur . howev , studi have shown that thi method is veri neg econom becaus when the hydrogen that will be use for fuel are divid from other part that consist h2o ( water ) , it use up up to 4 time the energi it later gener . solar power car are also make no progress these day . it time to throw away what now useless and invent new thing that will bring a better way to mankind live .