in the twentieth centuri advertis ha becom increasingli import , and it is one of the key for the success of a commerci product . most of the advertis , though , tri to exagger the real featur of a product , make it seem much better than it realli is . even if of cours i ca n't appreci thi behaviour by the advertis compani , i ca n't blame them becaus if they would tell just the truth they would have to do huge invest to fill the gap between what they use to advertis and what their product realli is or they would lose against their concurr . thi would stress also the worker , as they would probabl lose their job or get less money than befor . the problem is that the global system is now base upon thi assumpt , and chang thi incorrect behaviour would need a global correct of the valu of concurr . but these behaviour is well establish and so it 's due to the consum to choos the right product , and not to buy the one made by compani who just invest in advertis without sell good qualiti product . there is noth we can do besid use our freedom of choic in the best way . there is a moment when thi behaviour by compani and corpor is nearli crimin and they have to be pursu legal . if a compani sell a product that is toxic , unhealthi or if there is a lie in the advertis , that compani ha to take it respons about it in front on a tribun . for exampl , i know that sometim the water that come from the home sink , that we use and drink everi day , is said to be pure in big advertis around the citi . but the laboratori test have been made in the valley , befor the water pass through all the pipe full of rust in the citi . thi is an exampl of a lie told by the state itself . what can a citizen do ? i drink water in bottl , even if i 'm not sure that my one is etter than the other one . we ca n't be sure about anyth regard what 's advertis about commerci product , but it 's import to keep our eye open and tri to choos the one we think is the best , mayb help with our buy power those product that claim themselv to be natur and that do n't do too much advertis .