enjoy life while you are still young - thi is the programmat statement of youth cultur . it build on the gener believ that young peopl enjoy life more than senior . but i do not think that younger peopl enjoy life more than older peopl . examin the question along three dimens of joy - social interact or friendship , physic condit or health and a person 's own percept or hi or her mental attitud toward joy - will show that both , younger and older peopl do enjoy life . a first import dimens on which a person 's enjoy of life could me measur is the degre of hi or her social interact . as homan be are ` social anim ' , satisfi social interact is vital to them . thi is whi circl of friend and rel as well as satisfi interact is necessari for a person to enjoy life . young peopl certainli spend a lot time with their friend or partner . enrol in univers or work they have a lot of possibl to meet new peopl and to commun to a larg number of differ individu . older peopl on the other hand often have more limit social interact . their ciricl of friend and rel might have reduc over time , the do not have the opportun to meet peopl at work and partner often have alreadi pass away . yet , older peopl often have deeper , more valuabl relationship with their social circl : friendship that have been shape over a long time replac in qualiti the larger social network younger peopl have , as there social network are often of less qualiti . a second import aspect for an individu 's joy in life is hi or her physic condit and the abil to be versatil and take part in acit result from it . sure young peopl have by far a health advantag over older peopl . and they are not onli fit and healthi but normal also in good condit that allow them to do `` fun activ '' like snowboard or surf . but on the other hand , senior are not complet ban from satisfi physic activ by their somewhat wors physic condit . mani older peopl nowday enjoy a great variti of senior sport that actual provid lot of joy and happi to them . last but perhab even most import for a person happi and joy in life is the person mental statu and attitud against joy . it 's the simpl question if a person feel happi and take time to enjoy life . while young peopl are often stress and too much in a hurri to actual enjoy what they are do , older peopl take their time to enjoy what they have live and still can live in life . thi is whi = even though senior might be limit in their sourc of joy - they are often even happier than young peopl . to summar , i think that both young and old peopl can enjoy life by the same degre . it is more in the way that these two group injoy life =