the knowledg is someth extrem import in our job , mostli in mine . i 'm a marin biologist and of cours in all the scientif matter is use to have knowledg on differ field . so at first glanc i would respond say that it 's better to gather inform and knowledg as much as we can in a widespreadli manner . but we have to do it in the right way , due to the fact that too much time spent on gather inform could be time wast . to give a good exampl that can back me up i want to talk about my person experi . i 'm actual work on sound produc by dolphin . thi particular field research is not complet base on exclus biolog knowledg . in fact i firstli had to understand some physic law about sound wave and how they propag in the water . onc i have been train about these inform i start to work on signal . ash to ash i have been remain focus on the bioacust of dolphin , so it could seem that i have been stuck on a specif subject . but it 's not like that . inde most of the time the acoust behaviour of an anim can not been explain just with the simpli studi of bioacust and physic , but it have to be put togeth with etholog study that most of the time are base on sever differ field of knowledg . thu i realli think that it 's better to open our mind and studi at 360 degre . but as i alreadi mention we have to stay focus on what we are realli search for . the field of human knowledg is huge and sometim even a good research can get lost in it vastiti . thi is the reason whi most of the time i have to work with engin and technician that have the skill to use comput program that can easili help us to analyz the signal that we record from dolphin . in a kind of way we both are import for each other , becaus , even if we seem to be special in do someth in particular , we help each other and we tri to understand what is the job of the other . i think thi is the best method to share and gain knowledg of differ subject . after all these year of work in thi team i have gain knowledg on softwar and technic tool , and hydrophon . but i think that i could n't take all these inform just work on my own , or at least it would requir me a lot of time . so for these reason i realli believ that it 's import to have a broad knowledg on differ subject , instead of be focus on just one , becaus sometim the answer that we are search for , we can easili find it in a field that can seem not relat to our purpos . to give anoth exampl , onc the engin i 'm work with found a vocal veri strang . the signal wa total differ from other and he did n't know how to expalin . then he came to me and for me it wa easi to explain . the signal wa emit by a calf and certainli it wa differ from the other member of the herd . but thi is someth that a biologist know , not an engin . but know he know how to recogn thi signal , becaus he had broad hi knowledg .