i agre that twenti from now there will be fewer car in use . the problem associ with travel by car will far outweigh the advantag offer by it . thi , i believ , will definit make more peopl abandon car and use other mean of transport . if we continu to use fuel at the same rate as we do today , we will definit run out of fuel in twenti year . sinc car are entir depend on the non-renew resourc , there will be no fuel left for car after twenti year . the littel amount of fuel that would be left would becom so expens that it would be beyond the reach of mani . thi would automat mean a decreas in number of car . awar about fuel shortag and resourc conserv is rapidli increas which i am sure would propel more peopl to opt for public transport system instead of privat vehicl . car-pool will also be consid as an option by mani . the pollut level are at an all time high due to an enorm increas in the number of vehicl pli on the road . such high pollut level are alreadi make gover sit up and take appropri measur to reduc the pollut . as part of reduc the pollut level , the number of vehicl that will be allow to pli on the road may also be restrict . the traffic snarl that one face these day are so irrit that peopl will prefer to either use public mean of transport or work from home . the advent of internet and other technolog ha meant that now one can sit at home and perform all the busi transact . thi mode of oper will be prefer over the convent mode of oper through an offic . transport through underground railway is cheaper , faster and more convini . these featur of rail transport will definit allur more peopl toward rail transport . ani technolog ha variou phase to it . the automobil industri ha seen it peak period now and slowli pepl will realiz the bane of own car . ther 's the problem of mainten which take up lot of time and effort . instead of take the pain to get the car servic and maintain , one would travel by other mean of transport . the problem of park will becom so acut that peopl will prefer not to use their own car except for dire emerg . today 's gener is more health conciou and want to stay in shape . what better way to stay in shape than to walk ? walk as an excersis will gain popular and will be consid by mani . consid all the issu mention abov , i truli believ that there will be fewer car in twenti year from now .