i total agre with the statement , the best way to to have a nice travel is to go in a group and also to have a good tour guid . when we think about the possibl to do a travel we have to consid differ aspect one of those is the place where we want to go , also if it is good to be alon or in group and also , what we want to do on that place and how to do it . first , went we choos a place of dentin we have to consid aspect like the time that we have . when we do a travel in a group all the activ are veri coordin . the travel led by a tour are the best idea when you want to know a new place . the tour guid is the person specialid on thi kind of job becaus they have the knowledg of the place that you want to visit , that have a clear understand of the histori of that place , also the right place to visit , what to eat and what to buy as a souvenir . they give a comprehens tour for that place that you want to know completli . for exampl the last weekend i went to mexico with a goup of frient and we have just few day to enjoy the new countri and also to have contact with the citi and the peopl . so the best idea wa to take a tour by the citi with a specil person , the citi wa guanajuato , and thi place of the countri ha a rich histori to meet . that tourist guid realli know about the citi . he explain about the historica aspect of thi citi , we went to the target place to the citi and also we took the most beauti pictur in the especi place , becaus of hi orient . it wa an amaz travel , and we did that travel in just one day ; definilli to hire that person wa the best idea becaus in other way we could not see all that we did . i met to the mommi , the callejon of the kiss , the statu of the pipila , and more . so in my person opinion and depend on which plan you travel the best idea is to go in a group becaus you can reduc cost on your travel , you have the opportun to meet new peopl , and you enjoy more also the tour guid is an import key to get a complet knowledg of the new place . depen of what kind of person you are , you choos the sort of travel that you want to do but the most import thing is to enjoy the new experi .