throughout the whole elementari , middl and high school , i have learn both idea and fact from the school . i have come to realiz that whenev i understand the idea and concept , i can do so well in the test . howev , it doe n't mean that i agre on the statement . instead , in my opinion , fact certainli obtain more valuabl life experi for student from their ancestor . in the chines cultur , we have a dialogu : `` read million book can not be compar to walk million mile '' . i think about thi statement everytim when i am travel in somewher . some might think that thi dialogu doe n't appli to the statement . howev , what i mean with the dialogu is that , the idea from the book is dead , but experi is someth that ha onc live on world . although understand the idea may help me to obtain a high math or scienc score , it is howev , not much help instead of it . thi is my conclus base upon my three year in unit state . i am live in the school domitari . it is a hous with eight girl live insid , supervis by a housepar . the first day of my second year in america , i arriv the hous , and it wa the begin of hell . my new housepar , is , in most of the girl ' opinion , the worst human be we have met on earth . it is not the matter of her weird english after more than twenti year in unit state , it is not the matter that she cook bad or enforc rule strictli . as an adult and an counsellor , who should be well-feed by differ idea and knowledg , she howev ha favor on certain girl . out of no reason , she treat me meanli ever sinc the first day i got there . for instanc , she went into my room without knock on my door , yell at me for not do the chrou , which in fact , in not my work . moreov , she absuptli refus my request for leav my room so that i can get chang . in addit , she isol the hous into two group , and talk behind the back of the group she doe n't like . i have learnt sinc then , that idea and concept doe n't chang a person person , just as my devil like housepar , who ha been a consellor in publich school , who know thousand of theori . whenev i wa tri to express my idea , she never understand , nor doe she ever care about me . i learn fact that talk concept to her do not help anyth . accord to my experi , the onli way to live happili is to keep my mouth shut . hope , thi is go to end in two mouth , .