the given statement is a cynic and skeptic comment which is thrown at everi gener . i can say with great pride that my gener can annul thi cynic in a number of differ way . in my own univers we have a number of differ activ through which we can contribut to our communit . all these activ come under the banner of what is call the nation servic scheme or nss for short . i myself am a volunt of thi organis and thu vehement oppos the given statement . there is a wide rang of way in which we volunt contribut to our commun . everi six month we organ a blood donat camp in our univers in which student , faculti as well as peopl live close to the univers come in great number to donat their blood . recent , i wa also part of a success project to assist the garden in improv the condit of tree in our campu . everi altern day around thirti student would spend the even water the exist tree , prune them , remov weed and also plant new tree . we even manag to arrang for a water tanker to accompani us , thu save the burden of carri bucket all over the campu . our effort over the past semest have paid off and the garden have now indic that extra help is not requir as the overal condit of tree ha improv . other student who enjoy teach have taken up a project in which they devot part of their time to interact with and teach blind children in a blind school in our citi . the peopl who lament the decreas in such social activ among the youth should make a closer examin which will reveal that the youth social organis are aliv and flourish . some of the graduat from my univers have taken thi commun servic to the next level by adopt it as their profess . thi ha manifest itself in the form of non government organis which are non-profit organis whose aim is improv some aspect of societi . ngo can work toward provid safe drink water to villag to work for the better of the live of the elderli . young peopl with a passion for chang their societi are form such organis and are do great wonder for their commun .