i agre with the statement `` it is better to have a broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject '' . knowledg is the underli point here in the statement , enough about a singl subject or a substanti amount of mani subject . the main idea , of have a broad knowledg is far more benefici than to special in one specif subject . knowledg ha to be someth which is divers , not just about a singl field or a subject . it ha to be a collect of everyth . be in touch or know thing at a broader level ha much more to do in today 's competit world . although we requir specialist too , but divers is what is need more . in term of studi subject , stick to one field or topic definit limit one 's potenti . wherea studi subjetc at a broader level add to a more intellect and a overal studi . a person , special in a particular field or a subject remain limit to that field itself . therefor , result in a kind of ignor of the other field or the subject around . in contrast , a broad studi of differ subject keep a finger on everi field around . for exampl : a person studi physic or specialis in thi particular subject , will remain veri center around the subject alon . go thorough with the subject , even in physic the person will need to have some knowledg about an anoth subject , say , ` mathemat ' dure hi studi . so in such a case , he/sh will have to seek some other individu 's help . in other word the person is not fulli equip with all , he need to complet hi work . had the person have had studi differ subject , it would have been fare more easier . a person who ha a broad knowledg of variou subject ( physic and math too ) , is capabl enough of solv thing by himself/herself and also at a much broader and higher level . and moreov have a broad knowledg increas a person 's over all grip on divers field and area of studi . final , rather than be immers in a singl field of knowledg , it is more benefici to have a broad knowledg of differ field . in simpl word , as the word ` broad'itself impli and suggest in have a more broader vision , understand , and abov all a better practic applic of knowledg .