nowaday the lack of help by young peopl is a big problem of our societi or commun . the help doe often lack concern older peopl but even in polit or sport club . in everi part of our societi , youth tri to refus their respons so they can use their time to play video game and other unimport thing . a good exampl is the work at social associ . it would be a good idea to let youth do an internship there or someth like thi , so that they can learn to treat with respons . thi would be a benefit for themselv and for societi sinc a lot of cost for staff could be save in the associ . the work with old peopl or peopl who need help , like disabl peopl can also have a good affect to their person . anoth good aspect is the lack of help concern polit . as seen in everi recent elect , the particip in the elect ha still decreas . of cours thi can also be a fact of older peopl who do not go to the elect but it is actual evid , that the biggest part result from the lack of interest in polit of the adolesc . it would be a big support for the citi , villag and town , if younger peopl express more interest in polit and help their commun at the same time with elect campaign for exampl . with such support peopl a lot of cost can be save even here , in the polit sector . furthermor , there is anoth part of commun , which is affect by the lack of help by young peopl , name sport club . in the past there had ever been peopl that just live for their region sport club , no matter which kind of sport . the did everyth for thi club . and inde it is the commun and the help of a lot of peopl which make such a sport club to a club that function pretti well and bring a lot of fun . nowaday young peopl just want to go there and to do there kind of sport . and after that , they want to leav . they do not want to be confront with ani respons , which could requir a littl bit of troubl . someth like club parti in such sport club present a good exampl . most time , those are organ with the help of all club member and those member are the peopl who bring the beverag , the cake and whatev . but today it is alreadi too much for a young club member to bring someth for the commun , like a cake , or to give their friend a coupl of hour of their time to help at the club parti . conclusion , in my opinion , young peopl should absolut give more time to help their commun , sinc it is not onli the commun , that benefit from that , but even themselv and their person .