in thi era of rapid econom and technolog develop , where peopl are judg and respect by the amount of properti they have and the guis they pose , an increas , in the number of car , in the recent futur doesnot sound astonish . accord to my opinion , in view of the increas standard of live , the number of car will go up in the near futur . so , i disagre with the statement , that , in twenti year , there will be fewer car in use , than there are today . firstli , with the modern lifestyl and increas standard , number of car will increas rapidli . as the trend in the societi chang , peopl tend to follow these . becaus , car are seen everywher today , much popul will tri to buy a car and be on-par with other in the societi . own a car , ha becom a prestig issu in most of the modern commun . to state an exampl , mani of my neighbor , bought a car , though not absolut necessari for them , becaus , other peopl around have one . secondli , with the assist provid by the govern , as loan , more peopl are tri to buy a car . when a vehicl is bought with the loan taken from the govern , a person ha to pay lesser tax and ha certain other benefit . in order to take thi advantag , peopl start buy more and more car and as a result , the number of car would go up in next twenti year . more bank have start give vehicl loan in town and citi . thirdli , have a car , serv mani purpos . peopl can go out for a trip or weekend with their famili in a car without ani troubl . wherea , not own a car , make them to depend on other sourc , that are not so attract . a small famili , can plan trip in a car so often at their own conveni . wherea , a two-wheel is not so comfort in thi matter . it also help peopl against heat , rain , dust and other . it is prove that , peopl travel by a car are more protect against variou kind of pollut . moreov , have a car , make life happier and more enjoy to modern public . even adult are prefer to travel by car and plan to have one as soon as possibl . while travel in a car , peopl can listen to music also . final , consid all the abov state reason , and keep in view the psycholog aspect of human be , i can conclud that , there will be more number of car in use , than there are today .