enjoy mean entertain , satisfact of one 's soul and contain with the happen in life . i would like to disagre with thi statement . thi is becaus entertain would mean differ to differ peopl . entertain depend on variou factor like the person 's attitud and hi notion or perspect on entertain . the younger gener tend to enjoy themselv by go to parti , meet new peopl , make new friend and go for long drive . the way a youngster enjoy himself or herself depend on the attitud and natur of the individu . some peopl might like to go to parti for entertain while other might like to watch a movi . on the other hand the older peopl might also do the same thing that youngster do or they may engag in activ consid as dull and bore by the youngster . i would like to take exampl of two famou person here who despit their age never complain of boredom . firstli , i would like to take the exampl of mother teresa who despit her old age found enjoy in play with children and serv the needi . secondli , i would like to take the exampl of the famou painter , m.f. hussain . m.f. hussain is more than eighti year old but find enjoy in hi paint . he like to draw and find hi entertain in hi draw . we can find peopl both among younster and age who remain depress and do not tend to enjoy themselv . they lead the life of a loner and stay in reclus . the youngster have a pressur to make their life which may in turn have an effect on the way they tend to enjoy themselv . but thi might not be the case with the older peopl . they have a life , they have attain their goal and can live a peac life which in itself is an enjoy . the old peopl also tend to enjoy themselv by talk to other of their age and about their life 's experi . thu we see that the entir concept of enjoy differ from one person to other . we can never say with suriti that youngster tend to enjoy more than the old peopl . everyth depend on the natur and the attitud of peopl . if somebodi want to enjoy age is never a decid factor . it 's the perspect and the like and dislik of a person which tend to decid how well the person is enjoy hi life .