i beleliev that the follow statement is true . in twenti year there will be fewer car than there are today becaus of the high oil price and the new invent discov by technolog . but i believ some invent will keep the car aliv but with few except and chang . in the earli 1990 's the product of car have recent start . sinc those year car have been a product to the world wide industri and a famou travel comfort to the world . the worst fact about the car is the liquid it need to consum in order to run . that liquid is call petroleum which mostli mani car need to use in order to work . oil ha been the primari sourc of energi for car to start it engin . so mani car around the world have been produc at a high amount which equal the same amount of oil be purifi and chang to petroleum for car . mostli everi car give out a deadli ga that it dissolv into the air . thi make air pollut occur and at today stage the world is suffer from a great jeoperdi of kill the enviro with these emiss . the oil produc a veri bad ga that is releas and cover in the air . mostli mani tree around the area can cover it up with oxygen but with the car be produc at a fast pace problem will occur . the enviro is alreadi suffer from air pollut also some countri have alreadi suffer the air pollut and as the outcom mani citizen have to go out cover their face becaus they could get kill . it is proven a fact that if you stay in a room fill with the ga car produc you can get kill becaus of the oxygen take up less space . the whole world is look at it as a great problem becaus it affect the enviro greatli . it is increasingli make the wold suffer greatli . i believ that the best solut to the problem is to stop the product of vehicl that produc heavili disturb ga . mostli the older car from the 1990 's give out worst emiss than car today . most new compani have to creat a differ sourc of energi for car . in the world today the product of hybrid car have start and it is a healthi car for the enviro . it doesnt affect the enviro at all . also that in the end oil is about to becom extinct becaus we are use it for almost everi energi product . oil will not exisist and car will have to run over a new energi sourc like hybrid . in conclus i believ that in twenti year there are go to be less car becaus of the enviroment problem it is caus and the oil becom extinct . even though new invent of technolog is be discoverd the offici car of today will be not use much . the new technolog will chang the car statu so it can gain benefit for both the human and the world 's enviro .