consum good is a big sector in today 's market . there ha been a lot of competit among numer firm in the stage of persuad custom to consum product of firm . as an effect strategi , most corpor make use of advertis to attract custom ' attent . though attent span of cutom is limit sinc mani advertis techniqu are use rang from realist one to unrealist one . it is obviou and necessari that most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are becaus thi is a highli competit busi , and attract attent of peopl on regular product is difficult goal to manag . it not our issu to argu that popul growth in the world or , mayb , global caus the market to be overcrowd . there is thi fact lie on the floor and caus firm to compet harshli in an environ where the fittest surviv . small firm or the firm that are unabl to cope with the competit environ are omit or forc to leav the arena . the firm surviv were not necessarili the big one but the clever one to adopt strategi to sell their product such as pamper the qualiti of a product in the ad . thi method ha proven it effici sinc we observ the product in advertis lack realist represent . in addit to competit of the industri , it is also hard to come up with modif that would differenti the product from the competitor product . not onli exist technolog of the corpor may not permit such a modif , but also the outstand budget may restrain the compani . in those situat , the most cost effect strategi is to use advertis that would put a magnifi glass on custom ' eye . play with the color , size , shape would help the custom to realiz the product that is on the market . throughout their monoton live peopl neglect mani item that is shown to them . by do so , advertis are take advantag of cognit psycholog and even widen the attent span of custom . given the condit such as lack technolog and ineffici budget , in addit to highli competit market , it would be fair to use such a hint which would compens for the condit . in conclus , most advertis most of whom manag to surviv , make product less realist which is an effici and common method follow in advertis sector . by do so ' they keep on with the market and increas the porfolio of their custom which i would advis to everi other entiti in the market .