i do not agre with the statement that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . rather , i would suggest whether peopl can enjoy life is depend to their belief and it is not relat to their age . let me defin what mean of enjoy life is . to me , enjoy life mean that we should learn from each other , humbl otherselv , be interest in relationship . moreov , we should learn to understand ourselv - our charact , reaction , etc and util , share and enjoy what we have to one anoth . firstli , if we are humbl ourselv , it would make us easili learn from each other becaus we would not look down upon the other . it could prevent from self-fish . for exampl , there are mani war nowaday and most like , the caus is that we are do thing out of pride ( i.e. , not humbl ourselv ) and we are not think from the other ' perspect . with war and conflict , how can we enjoy life in an easier way ? howev , if we learn to humbl ourselv , we would know how to express love to each other and we would feel joy to be love and love anoth . there would not be so mani war and conflict such that we would easili enjoy the life . most importantli , be in a posit of be love is amaz . if you have felt in such a state , you would know that have such a joy in your heart would be call enjoy life . secondli , if we would learn to understand ourselv and other from time to time , we would feel amaz how we are creat in such a wonder , creativ and uniqu way . for exampl , you can not imagin how our eye can view such a complic object . i.e. , with reflect the light , we would know how dark the object is . we can find not onli the appear but also the charact . for exampl , there are some children who are extrem interest to talk with peopl while there are some children who are extrem interest in think . with learn ourselv and the other , we would easili feel amaz how it could be veri complic and veri uniqu . with search thi kind of knowledg and love , we would also feel joy in our heart that through the joy , we would enjoy our life . final , feel belov is easili understand to have joy . how could it be possibl if all of us are just will to be love ? henc , it is easili to be confus that love and share with other would not contribut to joy . selffish would be . howev , it is not the case . while learn to understand other and humbl ourselv , it is so natur to share with other with what we have . for exampl , if we are keen on hike , it is so joy to help other to hike with us through the difficul . though it seem that it is difficult , the final achiev through toughship could bring us to have joy with one anoth . it is just like that a coupl could feel veri warm when they can share their life with one anoth . henc , love anoth could let us enjoy one and anoth and it would finish the cycl of love and be love . in conclus , if we can follow a good belief , we could learn to enjoy life easili no matter we are young peopl or old peopl .