doubtless invent were and are still the motor of the develop of mankind . what would the world look like without fire , wheel or iron ? invent are made by peopl who tri new thing or improv thing . but despit all posit effec also danger have to be consid . today the know how of mani firm is their most valuabl posess . if you invent someth and get a patent for it you might becom wealthi becaus everybodi who want to use your idea ha to pay for that . moreov the histori teach us , that knowledg can determin about win or loos war . just think of gun powder and fire arm which led to success in war at the end of the middl age or the famou enigma-machin in the second world war . but invent are not the onli form of tri somth new . a famou say say : `` there is noth that ca n't be improv ! '' for exampl if you have alreadi work market strategi ; whi not tri someth new ? perhap new one might be more successful and you will b abl to sell more good . a friend of mine work in china . he saw worker manufactur someth quit slowli becaus they combin it part in the wrong order . when he suggest to chang the order they were afraid of tri someth new and take the risk . so their output kept slow . in other word when you take the risk to tri someth new , you will be uniqu in a certain way , becaus nobodi had done thi befor . thi is a clear advantag in competit for instanc between two compani . but go along with that everybodi shold be awar of the danger . for exampl when nuclear energi wa first use for build bomb . despit they were built to kill there wa anoth aspect some scientist were afraid of . they predict that it might be possibl that the heat of the deton will initi a chemic reaction which will complet burn the atmospher . today we know better , but what would have happen if they were right ? better not to imagin ! in other word to discov new thing will nomal creat advantag for peopl , firm and the whole mankind . but make shure that you know the danger and that you can handl them .