i must say taht i am total disagre with the statement given . idea and concept are fiction , creat thought on specif question . these are develop by someon and might be accept as a fact in the societi even not at the begin . for exampl `` democraci '' . in modern societi concept of democraci ha creat it own myht . we see democraci as an ideal which all peopl should respect it institut and live accord to it rule . in our eye democraci is univers . howev , onli 64 year ago , in the heart of europ a man rais hi voic against the democraci and million follow him despit hi brutul pave the way for a war massac million who follow him and other million from differ nation . the reasonn behind thi is the ignor of the fact of german peopl devot themselv to the idea and concept of race superior , dictatorship and fuhrer . under the brutal regim of hitler junta , they not onli ignor what happen to their neighbour but told their children to do so also . hitler wa success becaus he could play with the idea and concept as he like . what i mean is as the idea concept are the product of whether an individu or a societi they may not reflect the right or the fact everytim . they show most of the time what the bulk of peopl think , but these thought might have noth to do with the fact . a solid educ system must be base on the fact as well as idea and concept . if we do not give the chanc student to learn fact and the concept and idea built on them one part of the educ will alway be miss . i rememb when i wa at school of law . roman law wa one of the toughest of the lesson , especi the relat in the famili . as a concept roman law , in my opinion , alon can not explain the fictiti relat between for exampl bride and her father in-law . in ancient rome when bride come to hi husband famili , she is accept not as a bride , but howev as the daughter of the patria familia . to understand the reason we must look at the fact provid us by histori and sociolog . to sum up , my own experi ha shown me that learn of the idea and concept must walk in hand with the fact in educ system . otherwis easili misguid by wrong idea , student might not find what the real world is .