although advertis is a rather effect and influenci way to increas the sell of product in our modern societi i agre with the statement that `` most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are '' for the follow reason : there is a hidden econom stategi behind advertis : the goal to attract as much peopl as possibl in order to make the largest amount of money at the same time , sinc everi compani or enterpris want to profit most from money spent by custom for the good offer . henc there is competit on the market which advertis for the good of everi produc compani is effect for , pretend that the good of these or those compani are the best one . a further argument for my point of view is that advertis for product are not necessari by engend illus out of realiti sinc in former centuri market which advertis is a part of not even exist so peopl onli prais the good by talk to each other about it . the good were alway in great demand and had to be produc sinc war occur all over the world much more than nowaday destroy agricultur and econom structur again and again . modern technolog wa also miss which bring me to the next point . today we have thi technolog to produc greater and greater mass of product for peopl which are in longer period of peac than in the past so advertis becom import to still get a profit or even the maximum of profit from the shrink of the urgent need of product in order to surviv . peopl must by all mean be influenc by advertis campaign in order to still get attract in some way of the alreadi long exist product of product of all kind . there is no urgent use in order to surviv in our western civil countri . it occur veri often that i watch televis or read a newspap or journal were advertis for sever product are present . sometim i decid to buy a product but initi when i test it i becom awar of the ordinari use or tast of the product that i alreadi know for year which ha not develop to a consider posit and differ extend . so gener to me advertis is manipul of peopl for product that alreadi exist in our everyday life or new product like cell-phon with mani new option that are not realli necessari for us to surviv and they are even harmless .