i agre to the statment that young peopl are not give enough time to help their commun and i have my reason for such belief . in the follow paragraph , i shall bring forth my ration for take the particular stanc . first we need to analyz what ha chang over the time . is the commun expect more out of young peopl or is young peopl are face crunch of time to devot to their commun . i feel that the expect of commun ha not increas over the period of time but it is due to the chang in mindset of young peopl . due to advent of new sourc of entertain , peopl have less time to spend for other activ . earlier , the gener idea of an entertain wa to meet peopl , go out play with children in park etc . thi way peopl interact with each other and can understand problem if ani face by commun member . now entertain is taken over by play station and other electron item which keep peopl occupi dure their leisur time . the defin of entertain ha chang over the period . it is more of an indoor event than of an outdoor event , which ha made life more dull and led to less interact with other peopl . these day , life is more fast pace and which ha chang the attitud of young gener . they want to achiev as much as possibl in short span of time use the shortest rout . due to thi rush , peopl are becom more materialisit and they start less give less import to old valu . thi is anoth grave reason which ha significantli curtail the particip of young peopl in commun . nuclear famili is anoth thing which have contribut to chang in the peopl 's attitud . earlier peopl use to stay togeth as a joint famili . thi way grand parent were abl to inculc the good moral valu in young one and they were abl to use them as a pillar in their life . now famili are grow smaller and parent have less time to spend with their children . due to which they are not abl to impart those moral valu into their children . in the end , i would like to summar that peopl 's mind set ha chang over the period and if the trend continu then we will see less and less particip of young peopl in commun exercis .