in the next twenti year there will be much more car than there are today . the rate of car product is increas drastic over time . more and more compani in develop countri are ventur up in thi field to make more and more fuel effici car . accord to current studi for the car market , it is estim that after 15 year the car in asia will be 2 time of what they are today . thi is true that the demand for suppli of fuel is also increas lead to high oil price . but mani research are go on for the non-convent sourc of energi . mani compani like gener motor have now start to produc car which run on electr and these car are veri effici and small in size as well . if we just look at the use of car in the past 100 year , we will find that car have becom more and more use with time , and today it ha becom a necess for an averag person . about 70 year ago , one could rare see a car and the car belong to onli the highli priveleg rich peopl sinc onli they had the money in order to buy and maintain car . but today one can see the even the colleg student interest in buy the latest model of car . as the world in chang it face over time , thi is wide accept that the pollut and global warm is affect the environ and so the car maker are becom more and more consciou for make car that lead to lesser pollut and are more fuel effici to agre for more and more stringent environment norm defin by differ govern . so as the popul and awar is increas the car product ha to increas to meet it demand . with more and more pace of develop and popul growth take place in the develop countri like india and china , the demand for car is increas rapidli . with the increas in the number to such vehicl , the govern are also spend more and more money for infrastructur develop like make road etc . so in conclus we can say that the number of car is bound to increas in the next 20 year . and with the pace the demand for car is increas everi day , in futur we will be have more and more develop and highli sophist car .