contemporari world demand a wide repertoir of skill and a reason fund of knowledg to enjoy the comfort and facil afford by advanc in scienc and technolog . i agre with the idea that it is prefer to have a broad base of mani academ subject rather than have special knowledg in a narrow specif subject . i would like to substanti my point of view in thi essay . there ha been an unpreced explos of knowledg in the recent decad - it is imposs for ani singl individu to master ani field . in the same breath , the advanc are so profound and far reach that knowledg ha no subject boundari ani more . a specialist in a specif field can not contribut at the peripheri of hi subject area unless he know about other subject that interlink with it . for exampl , physician who wish to deal with genet diseas can not function effici unless they have good back ground in genet and biochemistri , two close relat subject . similarli the advanc in gene unravel would not be possibl if comput scientist and geneticist had strictli compartment train . bio-informat is a new field emerg to support and solidifi the biolog inform with the help of comput technolog . one can quot endless exampl : the advent cat scan is an engin marvel that yield invalu inform to the treat physician about the interior of bodi . use of comput and internet is an insepet featur of our daili life , which is not possibl without learn comput . be a great scientist would not suffic - one should be train in the social scienc too - sociolog , psycholog and econom . most north american univers support thi view by encourag student to have a graduat degre ( of ani subject ) befor one can appli to the med school . most other part of the world seem to be follow the same trend , and a varieti of new cours with innov subject combin are on the horizon . with such develop it would be easi to find student with a broad base gener inform and a few of them with intens knowledg in specif field , like an astronom train in music and enjoy hi piano in the space !