the propos statement say that advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . interestingli thi statement make me think that thi is true and it happen all the time . for exampl when we watch a clean product 's commerci on televis we are amaz and surpris on what that product can do : the product appear in a nice bottl and sometim it seem to be bigger than it realli is but the surpris thing is that we see that thi product can clean everyth without leav ani paw . all of thi is not true infact when you then go and decid to buy it on the supermarket you notic that it result as equal as the other you bought in the past with mayb a littl differ but not exager as you saw on televis . anoth exampl that come to my mind is girl ' make-up . those beauti actress with a mascara that make their eyebrush longer and thinner . they have these eyebrush becaus there are peopl behind the commerci that work just to make these actress perfect and when peopl affascin from the commerci go and buy the new product understand that mayb their past make-up wa even better than that one . other commerci on televis or poster hang on wall in the citi that make me mad are those about loos weight . they are show beauti model that never had problem on gain weight and that they probabl stay on a diet for all their life . thi bother me becaus they are show product that for some peopl could never be use in reduc real weight but their are onli a wast of money . peopl are affascin from those product but they should undestand that commerci or whatev it is do n't make miracl so they can sometim tri to think what the better solut is . are peopl realli happi on everyth they buy , are n't they ? i think mani of those peopl who buy product just becaus affect by the commerci on televis are not realli happi after they use them . after those three exampl i made out of mani other i would like to conclud say that peopl are tri to understand better that commerci or poster most of the time are remad in a better way than the one they are . thu i suggest to produc , instead of wast their money on make all these effect on tv , to creat real commerci and make the product seem real as it realli is not joke with peopl !