regard of it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ suject than to special in one specif subject , or vice versa , peopl have divers opinion . if i had my way , i would fulli side with the notion that the special in one specif subject will be the most import , becaus of the surviv in competit . what is beyond a shadow of doubt is that we live in a world where the knowledg is accumul by multipli and at the same time the more special it is , the highli it is regard . on the other hand , competit is a way of life in today 's world , most notabl the capitalist which encourag the competit , howev , competit as alway contribut both benefit and detriment , and ha been brought the notic of us , not onli becaus it tremend benefit , but also widespread plagu . for instanc , individu and compani alik , for the sake of survivi in the competit , have to tri their best to improv themselv , and the competit edg come frome the qualiti that show more variat . that is specal . so , what we could deduc from gener principl is that the competit , which is continu mount and show no sign at the present of ceas to rise , caus the necess and import of special in a certain area . howev , if there is a view that peopl should obtain miscellenani knowledg of mani academ suject , becaus by thi , they could knew our color world , which i take leav to suspect , then it is the romant and naiv peopl who creat it , not those who never fail to be with consider of realiti , in so far as it is univers acknowledg that studi mani subject would wast our time , on the other hand , we should maximaz our time to studi someth that will help us live in the competit . and that is get a wealth of knowledg with special . to explain my mean perfectli , let me give you a concret exampl . due to the tempo of technolog , which ha never been such rapid as it is today , a new gener of school start-up have been spawn . bill gate , on behalf of thi new , give usa a jump on it rival in softwar , howev , if we assum that mr gate would take the medic class in the univers , as well as the liber art , or even botani , just becaus he ha large-rang of interest , all the american would be shrud at the thought , becaus usa would fail to protect it competit posit in softwar , build and enhanc it broadli base branch , and gain all the advantag of wider scale market . just becaus thi aw imagin . all thing consid , if we deem the special as a trivial thing , and it will be better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject , we will be without ani consider of competit , as i mention and explain abov , will lead a wors situat that is lose our competit edg and chanc for survivi in the competit .