we are live in a commun and have some respons becaus of thi . but mani of us , special the younger gener , do n't give enough import to these duiti . in thi essay i will tri to explain thi fact by state the reason . it is a truth that younger gener of the societi do not pay enough attent to help their communn . as human live in commun , it is our main duti to help the commun , so that one day when we need help we w 'll be abl to receiv from somebodi els . but the condit of modern life lead to a chang in thi pictur . younger peopl gener spend time on so mani differ activ that they can not find ani spare time to share with the public . for instanc , they attend some school , do differ kind of activ in the school , deal with the comput and also deal with the problem in their daili live . as a result , most of the young can not find enough time to help their commun . even if they do , it is veri limit . one other factor that prevent young from help their commun is the mislead of the young by the commun . thi can sound strang , but it is also the communiti that is caus the problem . young peopl in the commun are not tought enough about the import of support the commun . they have a lack of inform on how seriou thi subject can be . thu , they do not clearli understand whi they should help their commun . i can give an exampl on thi subject from my person life . the last time i went to a hous for elderli , i had the chanc of meet mani old peopl and learn about their experi in life . they complain about the young peopl in the societi and that they are not spend ani timewith them . what is more , i wa the onli student who went there for the last two month . what wa surpris for me in that visit , wa one of the thing that i heard from one old man . he said that it wa the elderli fault that they do not have ani visitor now , becaus he even did n't teach the import of help the commun , in some way , to hi own children . as s result , even hi children do n't come to see him . it is true that young member of the societi do not pay enough attent to help their commun . there are some reason like spend time for other thing and the misead of the societi on thi subject . but it is also true that young should help their societi so that they can find help when they need .