the statement given make a strong assert , that we will see fewer car on the road twenti year from now . thi is a statement i disagre with and i will illustr my rational now . let us look at the possibl ground for thi statement . petroleum , the current sourc of fuel for car , is alreadi face the prospect of stock deplet . face with ever-increas demand ( iron becaus of the increas number of car , among other vehicl ) oil price have alreadi touch 70 dollar a gallon ( a veri consider amount ) . with fuel price thi high , how much longer can peopl afford to buy and use car ? also a veri pertin issu is the alarming-level of pollut that car spew out . mark environment chang like increas health risk in shangai citi ( a studi done veri recent , in earli 2006 ) , have final brought more and more environment lobbi and even corpor to sit up and ake notic . with car be one of the major sourc for such pollut ; how long can they continu ? the final potenti nail in the vener car 's tombston might be veri real , veri visibl , veri pragmat issu of space ! with citi ever increas , car are liter clog the arteri of organis urban exist : the road . i have observ thi in all the citi i have live in so far : from hyderabad to mumbai to guwahati in india ; from frankfurt to mainz to pari and amsterdam in europ . thi problem is just as , if not more pronounc in us metropolis like new york or even detroit . with thi be the case , how much longer can peopl even possibl drive car ? that is the present situat ; but it not a dire one . man , be the persist , ever innov construct that he is , is veri realli circumv these veri issu . petroleum is increas in cost ; ye . but no longer is petroleum the onli viabl sourc of fuel for car . alreadi , new sourc of fuel ; from hydrogen cell to solar energi : from nuclear energi to most importantli , electr energi are be harbor as sourc of fuel for car . in my institut of studi , a lot of work is be done on thi veri issu and we especi look at the protiu in the us or the smart car in japan , where petroleum is no longer use . with such potenti limitless new fuel ; car are still go to live on . anoth fantast characterist of these new fuel is their harmoni with natur ; the lack of ani real threat to our environ . thi onli reinforc their role as pragmat lifeblood for the automobil . the road today are be choke up ; ye . but what are we do ? , we 're build more . it amaz to note that the top 10 civil engin marvel of the modern age are either road network , or bridg ( like the one at shanghai airport ) . we are counter thi threat of traffic in new and wonder way . a lot can happen in twenti year , but certainli not as much as thi statement assert . frankli , when i wa a kid , i thought we would actual be live like the jetson now : but that obvious not the case . befor a day dawn when we buckl under the weight of our own contriv ; befor a day dawn when urban network utterli degener into bedlam becaus of critic mass ; man will most certainli have conting upon conting . mayb a time will come when car are no longer pragmat at all . but not within twenti year . as the point i have made abov assert ; i truli believ that car will still remain on the road twenti year from now .