to talk about successful peopl make it neccessari to defin success itself . per definit success is the abil to adapt to life circumst that will grant to make them or life better than other or to open better opportun for themself or their famili . so success goe defin along with new thing on a special field nobodi ever did befor . everi day peopl take the risk of tri new thing . if in the past , there wa no one who attempt to tri someth els than the routin , there wo n't have been peopl , who develop the tire . a tire wa in the ancient time onli for materi transport , where tree could be transport form one place to anoth . nobodi around that time thought of bee successful . it wa an idea that made routin and life more easi . after some thousand year karl benz develop the first automobil . the peopl were afraid , as they are usus with upcom new invent . he took the risk with invest money in an idea , that collect some allreadi exist good idea ( tire ) . he made someth new that today peopl can not think to life without : the car . he wa successful , he took the risk of failur for implement someth new in the societi . anoth exampl is the carreer of the mobil phone , comput and mani other electr devic that nobodi believ in but that under construct of sever year went out to be a great success . and that is the same for peopl . peopl do the same thing the same way dure all their life wo n't face ani kind of develop . some peopl chang in small step other in big one , depend on their social experi and their famili background . but of cours not everybodi can be the riski one . that is whi natur made all varieti of express of such a behavior . if all peopl were do the same , and for exampl that could be an error or disadvantag , the whole planet would be gone . so onli some peopl tri to be extraordinari or in some kind differ that the rest . and the other can use their invent as well , when it is sold as a product , that system is call merchandis . and the other can pay with their abiltiy that brought them that amount of money so they can join the progress that the other went through without a risk . so i think successful peopl trz new thing but thez do not have the full respons of bee successful , it is , addit what natur and life gave us with them . it 's chanc and luck .