most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . most peopl will not doubt about it , while other think quit differ on the issus of the advertis do n't make product seem much better . person , i stand on the side of the advertis make product seem much better . there are three conspicu concept as follow . firstli , thi is becaus of the simpl fact that the exampl you will meet in your life . mani mani time , when we see the advertis in the tv or ani where , the product in the advertis are veri perfect , excel , so after receiv them , you are veri disappoint . the real product are not like the pattern in the advertis . secondli , we could cite anoth ordinari exampl of that the advertis are also the busi , they also want to get the money from the custom . so sometim , when they do the advertis , they do n't worri about the qualiti of the product , and mayb they do n't understand the detail inform about the product , they just focu on how do the advertis , how to make the custom to trust what they said . thirdli , i may say that the advertis are not the expert about the differ area . so they just need to make the advertis look better , and let the custom believ the product , let the produc get the maximum profit , thi is the rule of the market . certainli , some advertis also do the good job . they just tell the truth about the product to custom . and tri not to give the wrong inform to public . so some peopl believ that most advertis do n't make product seem much better than they realli are . of cours , argument will be against my standpoint , mani peopl might argu that my opinion also have some drawback , such as there are still some good advertis . i might repli that most import thing are multifacet , there are mani altern to choos from , each with uniq advantang and disadvantang . i advoc my viewpoint becaus i think most advertis make product seem much better than they realli are . abov all thi point , i support to statement becaus it is better to know that the advertis are also busi , their main goal is also the profit , the money . so we should n't give the advertis more beliv .