young peopl now a day do a lot of work for their commun by run old age home , & child home . mani old peopl in the commun are send to the old age home for their better life . children in the street are send to their child home . practic peopl are busi in thi year , but indirectli the young peopl are send money for old age home . they are contrubut 10 % of their incom to church & chariti trust . mainli peopl are engag to earn money for their good live . i think contrubut money to the poor is also a indirect help to the peopl . which help alot for their surviv . my own experi , my uncl 's old grand father use to serv their old parent in their home in olden day . and he use to serv the commun . but my uncl use to serv their own parent by send them to old age home . my uncl use to send money for their expens to the hostel manag . they were given excel medic treatment by the 24 hr doctor facil . they were taken better care & good food i think it is better becaus my uncl is a job holder. & aunti wa expir . he is not have time to see hi parent , so i think it better way for the old peopl to stay in the hostel , where hi son will meet them everi day even . come to point my uncl is pay high amount for the hostel , that 6 peopl can surviv with that amount in that hostel . i think he is indirectli help commun for the improv . in olden day mani peopl not have proper job & mainli do agricultur as main occup in that time the peopl have more time to serv the commun . but in moderen day peopl not have suffici time to sleep also . in thi situat i think help the commun . throug practic approach is imposs . so as satyam compani peopl are adopt sever villag around their localti , they are provid water , health facil , school , etc to the ; peopl in the villag . it is mainli succes becaus by get profit to that compani , by do hard work by it job holder . i think by do their job perfectli they are do servic to the peopl arround the villag , it is indirect help do by satyam compani job holder final i conclud , involuntari work can also led to servic to the commun like i state abov .