everi long holiday , we can see a lot of young peopl play at parti , go shop , travel and take partit with their friend . abd most of their psrent stay at home . that is a common phenomenen in mani societi . from thi scene , we can see young peopl enjoy their life than the old peopl do . in my point of view , thi situat may base on sever reason . the young love to tri new thing , and they are easier to master a new technolog . they tend to live in a stimul life . for exampl , dure my travel , i have met a 19-year-old boy , he told me that he made thi travel for jump . i am surpris and did n't know whi he want to `` jump '' .then he told me that is a kind of new sport item . he would jump from a high mountain or a gliff ! the reason he wa fasin with thi is just becaus he wa tri new thing . he ha enough courag to enjoy himself by thi wat , but the old ca n't . we are young , we can meet challeng physic and mental . the second reason is that the young spend money more gener . the old should thnk about their futur without salari and the money prepar for a heavi diseas . but the young can spend all money they have earn . an australian told me that the averag save of australian young peopl is 4 dollar . they use all money enjoy themselv . of cous , you can spend money on cloth , ps2 , comput , etc.it make the young 's life more color . and the societi also help the young to enjoy their life . when my famili went to a ktv . i can choos all song i want to sing , they are all pop song . but when my mum wate to select an old song , she felt disappoint , becaus there is no tradit song in the song store ! so the whole societi creat an environ for young to entertain themselv , that help us to be more convient to enjoy life . in conclus , young peopl have more money , more time and more situat to make their life more wonder . but the old are hardli to get an opptun to enjoy their life . i thing mayb differ method lead to differ life style , some old enjoy themselv too . it may depend on peopl 's charactist . but mre young peopl enjoy themselv than their parent and grandpar .