that is a realli difficult question . i think car a one of the most import vehicl which we have and want . we need it everi day , it doe not matter what we do . if we go to to work , if we go to sport or if we just visit a friend , we go almost everi time by car . inde , we can use a puplic vehicl like a bu or a train too , but in some case it is realli difficult or just imposs to go somewher by bu or train . i live in a veri small town , which is almost 30 minut away from my school and from the next big citi . if i go by bu and train to school , it would take me more than one houer . i would spent one houer on the way to school and one houer on the way back . by car i just need half the time , so i safe quiet a lot time in which i can do other thing , thing which are more import . just if we get someth els as a car , like littl plain , then i guess it would be possibl that in twenti year there will be fewer car than today . the current standard is not the final result , but it is a start point for new and better develop . therefor it is possibl , that in few year we go by littl plain to work or school . a vehicl wa the most import invent in the 19th centuri , it make our life much easier . accordingli i do not think that we just say , okay all vehicl away and we do not need them either . we have to develop new and better car to protect thing like natur . natur is one of the most import thing which we have in the whole world . but we destroy a part of it with pollut . that we have to chang . thi is the onli reason which i can think of , that we get fewer car or vehicl , becaus our natur is distroy to much . but present we do think about it , to solv thi problem , like a mentiond abov alreadi , we develop new and better car with less pollut . we all the car are away , we would have a lot of workless poepl . if i just think about , how mani peol work in the car industri , that is quiet unimaginal , becaus that are so a lot . in reason of all abov mention fact and my own opion , which i also tri to explaind about , i think we would have everytim somethink like a car or a vehicl .