although i think it 's not possibl to make such a strong divis between idea and concept on a side , and fact on the other side , i would say i agre with the stament . the reason whi i agre with it are mainli three . first , i think understand idea and concept can be veri effect in learn how some pattern can work in more situat , same situat or realli differ situat . for exampl : you can studi histori just as a list of fact , but they are not simpli fact , becaus you may have some veri import reason whi some event occur . the two world war , even if extrem differ between themselv , show how the imperi pattern , the rush for coloni and for money , can be the same . the same pattern , could be appli to mani of the contemporari war . onc you learn the pattern , the way an event can happen , you ca n't be sure you 'll be abl to avoid it to occur , but theoret you might do someth against it . second , i think learn idea and concept can develop a more flexibl mind in a student , who will learn how to think when he consid someth , who will be taught how to consid certain circumst not just an event , but as a process creat by more interact element . third , which in fact it 's a postul of the second point , to learn how to think , how to consid some situat , will teach a student how to watch realiti , and how to watch at it in a critic way , which mean to learn in not take everi fact as a truth , but to doubt about it . to learn a critic way of think mean to learn how to go deepli insid thing , evalu whi these thing behav in a certain way or mayb whi they did n't , and in fact it mean to learn not to believ in facad of fact too . especi in our time , where the mass media commun ha a great import , i think it 's particularli import a student do n't believ just at an event , but learn that the way an event is told can chang veri much the idea i can have about that event , which mean , they ca n't simpli believ how an event occur , but if it 's true how they say it occur , if it could have occur the way it did , and which mean also to understand if it 's realli reliabl what they can read on newspap or what they can see on televis . in conclus , i would say that learn fact it 's obvious import , i ca n't know histori , for exampl , without know what happen , but i have to understand whi it happen , which mean , to give more import to idea and concept than just to fact . i think thi concept can be resum by a sentenc on auschwitz memori monument , which say `` whom doe n't know histori will be forc to live it again '' , which mean , in my opinion , not who know the fact , but who have understood whi someth could happen , to avoid it to happen again .