societi are bound togeth with the common valu within their share and respect element . howev , young peopl are not struggl for understad their commun . for thi reason , it is possibl to argu that youth is the key element for understand the combin valu of a commun howev they are lack of thi respons . three import reason for thi problem are the exist of varieti in activ , peopl becom more individu and lack of guidanc from univers . one of the main problem of youth not to give attent to commun occur with the varieti of activ that they can particip . exist of mani attract activ , social center and even univers club make young peopl to choos one of the thing that they like . for instanc , if a student like ceram and learn an associ club in hi univers , he will possibl choos to perform hi interest . thi situat can be appli to mani univers student in which they are regret the need of commun help but rather choos to accomplish their individu need . secondli , becaus of the technolog improv and it achiev in reach everi person , peopl start to think more individu and for their own seek . for instanc , the introduct of the internet to peopl especi stop young peopl to take place in societi and to commun with each other . rather they spend their time surf in the internet just look for their own interest . becaus of thi develop structur among the youth , it becom harder to expect them in enrol civic involv work . with the exist of mani tool forc youth to becom alon and individu , the less respect for the commun would occur . univers are the most import center for young peopl to shape their characht but guidanc for commun work is miss in most of the univers . rather univers start to becom institut as a key figur for job applic and better live condit . recent inform also show that univers are tri to affect student by their success rather than enforc commun valu . as a result , lack of guidanc toward commun work also triggl the youth to becom individu . as a result , young peopl are rather studi and behav for their own good . in the increas of thi event there are import step like univers behavior and technolog improv . but it is veri import to reduc thi behaviour of the youth for the common good of the societi .