everi peopl ha their own live , they can enjoy the life , or suffer their live . as the topic say , `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do '' , that is wrong . i disagre with the statement `` young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do '' . i think old peopl are enjoy life in their way . as most peopl know they are not healthi as younger peopl so we can think they are not enjoy life . enjoy life doe n't mean peopl have to move . they can read book , listen the music , or drink tea . it depend on the person of the person . also on the televis show how they think about old peopl . first , old peopl like to talk , it doe n't matter who is it . in the book , tuesday with morri , morri want to talk to somebodi , he just want someon to listen to hi stori . so the person who listen to hi stori is mitch albom , he wa morri 's student onc . like i said , peopl think old peopl are not enjoy their live becaus they are not move , but they are enjoy the life that they have . old peopl are enjoy in their way to find happi . young peopl are healthi so they can go where ever they want and get everyth they want . but becaus they are do what they want , they ca n't be happi . the real happi is insid of our mind . second , the happi of enjoy life can be chang by the person 's person . for exampl , one of my friend doe n't like to hang out with her friend or doe n't like to talk to someon . but she is enjoy her life in her own way . i have no idea what doe she do when she go home , may be she read book , may be she collect pictur , or may be listen to the music . enjoy life is not like someon say , `` she doe n't know how to play so she 's not enjoy her life . she is suffer her life '' , it doe n't mean she is realli suffer her life , she is enjoy her life by do her favorit activ . third , yesterday i watch tv show `` lo angl '' , they had episod of old ladi in the swim pool . peopl can go in the pool with topless , so those old ladi swam without top . so the worker at the hotel made them go out the pool . mani peopl think old peopl are ruin their live , but not realli . they are enjoy their live just like yound peopl do . therefor , everyon ha their way to live their live , to enjoy their live . for mani reason , they are enjoy the life as same as yound peopl do . i hope propl in the world do n't have fenc to the old peopl , becaus everybodi 's get old , and we will be the old peopl one day .