educ is not onli the reason peopl get hire everyday for differ type of job , it is also a way of life . to decid whether it 's better to special in a subject than to learn about mani subject is a lifetim decis . depend on the person and his/her aspir , his/her decis about special will be taken . i 'm more of a special person . i prefer to learn a lot about an interest subject for me than to learn about mani other subject that may be not so relev for my tast . in my futur , i expect to becom a proffesion astronom . sinc i wa young , i 've known that there 's no way for me to becom an astronom if i do n't special in astronomi and physic . if i want to becom an astronom and also have broad knowledg of mani other academ subject , i 'll forev be a colleg student . mayb that doe n't sound that bad , doe n't it ? but i would also like to rais a famili and mayb , be a colleg student all my life is not go to help me in take care of my kid . in contrast with be an astronom , there 's a proffes that requir a broad knowleg about mani subject : teacher . the teacher are like second parent to ani son or daughter who get enrol in an academ program . and mayb teacher are divid into type of class given , but a great teacher is the one that know about everyth . sure you can learn about math from your calculu teacher but , what about a littl histori ? would n't that be great ? if a person decid to becom a teacher , thi person must be determin to studi about mani subject and not just one . anoth exampl of broad knowledg is our grandfath and great-grandfath . what we have today is becaus of them . and most of them were n't special in a subject ; they knew someth about everyth . they are the reason our parent are here and our parent are the reason whi we are here . mayb if all our grandfath had some sort of special , our life would have been complet differ . so , in a way , peopl with broad knowledg were the founder of our societi . but dure thi time , there 's space for everyon . you can special in a subject or not . the key is to decid what do you want for your life and to rememb that everyon is differ : i may be a special person , mayb you are n't . but we all are capabl of learn and success onli depend on effort , no matter what type of educ is chosen .