i would have to disagre with the statement that say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid . although it depend on your age and interest , i would certainli prove next my opinion . if we take for exampl , my hometown citi , bueno air you would be shown a differ bueno air then the one that we actual live in . for exampl the tour guid would take you to the govern palac , the obelisco , the widest street in the world ( 9 de julio ) , the typic restaur , tango lesson , so on , and so on . but the real deal is that we argentin do not usual go to these place , most of us dont even know how to danc tango . peopl come to argentina and believ it a real poor countri and that the peopl that live in here are far away from the peopl who live in first world countri , but let me tell you that 's not even near the real deal . i have friend from all over the world , and when they come to bueno air they are stun , amaz , they have the most incred fantasi of what a third world countri should look like , and are terrifi with the news that come from our countri , so when they get here they cant believ what a great qualiti of life we have go on . in fact , i take them for a tour all around the citi , the newest neighbourhood , the best restaur , the coolest night place , the most popular soccer match or polo tournament , the most shock museum exposit , etc . but most importantli , they get to meet through me a lot of differ peopl who are actual part of the argentin cultur , and who can in their own word explain what go on in the polit , social and cultur matter of our countri . in fact i believ it is the worst way to travel ( by group ) , deal with a hugh bunch of tourist , and not get ani contact with peopl who actual live in the citi . i certainli believ that he best way to travel is with a friend who live in that specif citi . if you do not know ani , then i would certainli recommend two solut . the first one would be to travel in a veri small group , and to take note from internet web page such as www.asmallworld.com which offer opinion from peopl who actual recommend the best place to go to , and rank them , and even explain the real situat of everi countri by their own citizen view , one can even talk to them and find out about almost everyth there is to know about ani citi . secondli , and mayb the best option i can come up with is to use a taxi driver as a real tour guid . in fact , they are the real tour guid in the citi , they know everywher , and they are constantli in contact with peopl , and they even know almost about everi subject there is to know about . at least if you are in bueno air , i can assur they are for certain the best tour guid in town .