travel can be a good present to a person who is tire or bore with an ordinari busi life . it can be a time for a new adventur or a time for take a rest . some peopl prefer travel with a group and a tour guid . other choos a trip by themselv or with their famili and friend . person , i prefer to travel with my famili and friend or just by myself without a tourguid . trip in a group with a tour guid can be cheaper becaus of possibl group discount and agenc deal . also , i do n't need to do my research for the place i want to visit dure the trip . all i need to do is to show up the place where i am suppos to meet a group and a tour guid and to follow predetermin schedul . it sound veri conveni . howev , there is limit freedom in a group tour . i may not visit the place i wish to go , must wait for other , can not eat the restaur i choos , and can not chang schedul even if i want to . furthermor , i am usual not abl to choos a group i am with nor a tour guid . if i am unlucki , that trip can be a pain to bear with somebodi uncomfort . when i wa in school , i visit bangkok with a group led by a tour guid . the reason i chose the group tour wa that it wa a veri good deal . there were 35 individu in my group in differ age . frankli speak , it wa veri unpleas becaus there were some peopl distract . they spent too much time on shop and rest of us had to wait for them . becaus a tour guid get a commiss , he did n't stop them rather encourag them to purchas more . i wast a lot of time in the bu wait for other . also , i could n't eat the restaur i want to eat . i could n't stay a place long enough i enjoy the view . besid of abov reason i point out , i want to have some good memori which will last long after the trip . for a group tour , i do n't need to do ani research for the trip except check schedul . thu , there are not a lot of memori i can have later . i would like to have a travel with full of unpredict event . i may visit place nobodi els visit sinc no tour guid goe there . there could be some challeng . but through overcom them , i will improv myself more . thu , the best way to travel for me is definit not in a goup led by a tour guid .