everybodi ha learnt from peopl in school , at home , concept and idea which we have to learn , and wee could call that educ . but , in a life in gener , each is confront to differ scenarii , situat , peopl , which impact behaviour or vision of life . that 's whi i will tri to express my opinion link both of argument and show import of each . first , let 's talk about idea and concept , which are essenti for student in order to have key element and after to use them to make their person opinion . i think learn the basi such as respect peopl , the law , histori , are key ressourc for the student , sinc they want to have in their possess the key valu which allow them to advanc in the societi and to judg it by theirself . today , all the children should be abl to follow a train deal with idea and main concept , in order to have a perfect equal between young peopl , and so start from the same point in the societi , i mean the same potenti . after , we could be afraid by thi , assum that everybodi would understand idea and concept in the same way , and so follow the same rout of life , but at thi point , my opinion is that learn fact remain essenti for student . then , concern learn fact , for my part i consid thi point more essenti than understand idea and concept . inde , what is make peopl differ and more openmind ? i answer experi ! i consid fact as exampl of life , thing that appen , from what we can realli learn someth concret and act further , consid what happen befor and what we learnt from that ! the best exampl for that point would be for me the war . inde , live in the 21st centuri , we are obvious afraid by war and we realli want to avoid it for ever . thi is base on what we learnt at school and from our grand parent , so from fact . thi is an exampl of what we can learn by experi , and henc what we do n't want to see anymor . thi wa a sad exampl , but we could talk about fact that we want to recov or do anoth time . thi would the fact from everi kind of pleasur or peac in the world . to conclud , i give import to both point of view , becaud idea and concept are essenti to start life well , but the fact will remain the best thing we can learn becaus the experi will alway be the most import ressourc for each !