i am in total agreement with the statement , `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' . although mani might object to thi opinion of mine by simpli give the exampl of the huge increas in the product of the car the world ha wit in the last few decad , i would like to draw their attent to the reason behind my back the statement . first and foremost , the industri revolut that ha first introduc the concept of faster and comfort travel by mean of car ha also led to an increas rate of deplet of the planet 's non renew energi sourc and not to mention an increas state of anxieti among the environmentalist regard the way the pollut - air , water , land ha been slowli eat up the planet . thi ha result in an increas number of ventur everi day by variou nation and their respect govern to tackl these issu . for exampl , japan ha ask it citizen to use the older mean of transport like bicycl to commut to their offic if they are nearbi and now it ha made a signific break through in design cycl that are run by solar power and are as comfort as drive a car to the work place . it is these invent that offer an altern to stall the present energi crise and it can onli be conclud that such dese are go to increas in number in the come year owe to the fact that all graduat and profession colleg are encourag their student to continu research in such field . secondli , the popul boom which mani countri are wit would hardli leav ani more space to build new road . the fact that skyscrap were first built to conserv space make me believ that even in develop countir like india , which incident ha the secong highest popul in the world , a day would come where commut would have to travel from their residenti place by mean of fast move , solar power train that run in between the residenti quarter but at an elev level . and my belief is further supplement by the huge technolog leap the world ha made in the last five year alon . to exemplifi thi point , i would say the communc sector . who would have thought that within ten year of their introduct the cell phone have come a long way from their humbl begin to their moder state-of-the-art sophist . final , my last but point that huge weigh in make me stick to the statement is the underli chang in the attitud of the peopl . the last five to six decad have made peopl see the downfal of live a fast life and peopl have been show a mark tendenc to slow down the pace of their life . peopl are turn to yoga and famili support more than they previous did which make me believ that inspit of more and rapid technolog advenc in the year to come peopl have start show more care for the mother natur and thi will lead to a reduct in the number of car that will be put on the road in the futur .