mani peol enjoy their live and they all have differnet way to fulfil it . enjoy that young peopl can get from their live is so much bigger and astonish . old peopl can never enjoy their life as much as young peopl do becaus of their surround and age . the old think too deepli for what they do compar to young peopl . i am 18 year old now and i do not think much when i do someth , which make me enjoy my life more . young peopl often do what they want without think about the consequ it might caus . for the old , they alway think about the result of what they do sinc they alway have to take a respons in ani situat . that make their live even more bore that it alreadi is . as an exampl if you are a father of two young children , you have to nutur them by earn money and offer them mani educ stuff . you alway have to think about your childen . even if you want to give up your job and find some other job that you can actual enjoy , you just can not , for it is a big risk for you to give up your job . young peopl might have someth to worri about but they can do what they want without be in a postion where they have to support someon so the chang that young peopl can enjoy their live is much greater than the old . as peopl grow older the abil of their bodi can not but help be decreas . in nine case out of ten old peopl are weak comapr to young peopl . they can not be as activ as those young peopl who play soccer and basketbal everi day . as an exampl you are 60 year old man who ha a son . one day you follow your son to take a walk . all of a sudden you son start to run fast . it goe without say that you can not follow him sinc you are old . it is someth that you can not control ; as you get older your bodi is weaken . old peopl might have a great desir for do new , but to do that they need to be in a good shape . in a word , they have to be healthi which is realli difficulti for most old peopl . but for young peopl they are alway activ and they do not get tire easili sinc they are young . they have more chanc to enjoy new thing that they have never tire in their life befor , which make their life more interet and excit . some of old peopl might feel miser as they get older and they are like to find out that their life seem to be bore compar to young peopl . but they alway have to keep someth in their mind , which is everyth actual depend on their attitud toward someth . they can chang their life in a better or a wors way . young peol might enjoy their live more than the old ; howev , that doe not mean the old can not enjoy their live . they need to stay postiv and find some way to be more enjoy .