i think that fool the consum , who is the one that buy your product , is like auto hurt yourself as by do thi you onli lose more custom everi day . if we look at modern day societi we can notic how we usual get bore of someth or someon veri easili . from wed that last one day , to event that the day befor are hype and the day after they take place they are forgotten , we usual chang our mind more then one time a day . and thi caus the increas amount of mis-lead ad as the modern day societi demand for high qualiti product at a low price . thi is whi i think a product that ha been launch onto the market must ye be advertis , but with a moder dose and in a truth and candid way . it is in human natur in fact to want someth badli but onc you have it to throw it away as after one day we are bore of it and disappoint by it . in other word : `` the grass is alway greener on the other side of the fenc '' . also it veri hard to regain the confid and trust of a person after lose it the first time . if a product is too hype , too public and too much talk about , ye it will sell good on the first day , but soon after the consum will realiz that after all what they have been wait for a long time and thought it wa perfect turn out a bad product full of flaw . in fact we tend to be more critic and analyz a product more accuratli the more we anticip for it to arriv . thi disappoint , that trust me , will be share by mani other will caus a seri of complain on the internet or between friend , that will warn you that that certain hype product is not as good as it is and will caus in other peopl a sens of afraid of spend a fair amount of money on a product that will sure disappoint them . thi is whi i think a product should be mderatli pubblic and when it is , describ what the product can actual do instead of fill a commerci or an ad full of asterisk list the except or the particular need that the product must match in order to oper as the ad say so . again by repres the averag custom , in my humbl opinion , i think compani should start commerci their ad in a realist way and stop promis thing that do not even come close to the product 's capabl . thu if compani actual advertis a product correctli then they would have a bigger success than advertis it in a mis-lead way , make a fool of the custom , who at the end , is the one that buy the product .