in twenti year the number of car will be even larger than the number of car that we have nowaday . there are mani reason to think thi , the most obviou one is that technolog wont be abl to creat a substitut for the car in onli twenti year . there are other reason that are more human , like depend . in twenti year car will not be as bad for the enviro as they are today but the number of car will increas notic . in the last centuri technolog ha chang our way of live , one of the most import invent wa the car . who can imagin what would happen if suddenli all the car in the world disappear ? it woul be a cao , the level of depend that we have on car is veri high , we need them . citi are built in a way that life without a car is like hell , almost imposs . distanc are longer and road are made for them . but the main reason is on technolog , car are now start to use electr as their sourc power ( even tough they use ga too ) but thi improv doe n't help to the problem of the number of car . becaus there will be car that do not use gasolin but they will still be car . the unit state is the model for the world and citi there are realli wide , car are realli need , american famili have a minimun of two car . so as the world get `` american '' more car will be use . we also have to note the human incapac to find an altern . there are altern but none of them is perfect . we can use buse or train but in order to use a train or bu you have to go to the station and it will not leav you at the exact point where you want to go . some peopl can say that ride a bike is the solut , but let 's be real , are peopl go to ride a bike when they can go five time faster use a car ? without get tire !!! bike are the ideal solut but our human condit make us lazi and consequ the bicicl option disapear . mayb in the futur the car will fli , that would solv a lot of problem , but it is not someth that will happen in the near futur . in conclus , we will have to wait more than twenti year to see the number of car decreas , and a radic chang on our societi or technolog ha to happen in order to thi to occur .