sucess peopl are innov and risk taker that ha been prove mani time in the world histori . in ani field or area , there are so mani exampl of great achiev who success just by tri new thing and take more risk in comparis with common man . i agre with the statement that peopl who attain goal , achiev sucess do tri new and differ thing and in that way they take more risk . if a person want to be sucess then he ha to tri a new thing simpli becaus if he continu to do what he is do well then he must be a sucess which he is not . so to get what he want he ha to tri a new way or process . if we consid a busi and economi then microsoft , gillett , ford and mani more are the product which have caus revolut when they were introduc but initi they were the risk taken by their owner . today they are big sucess stori in the world busi . in scienc if a professor or scientist want to invent someth then he ha to tri few thing and use new method , in a way they all are risk . if they keep do what they were do befor will they get success , sure the answer is neg . there are mani disadvantag of tri new thing which includ lack of inform and knowledg , econom risk and the risk of failur . it is veri safe to do what we are do best and we alreadi know how to do it . there is a say that content peopl can never gain success as they are satisfi with what they are do . the thing which a person is do well that wa also new when he first start . at the initi stage of the process he wa not know that he would be do except in it . but he tri that new thing and now he is do veri well . so one thing is for sure to do well at one thing the new risk ha to be taken . for a lot of peopl , to take a risk is not consid a good thing and i believ that is the main reason that we do n't find too mani success peopl . we forget that when we start walk , when we learnt drive , all were new thing at that time . there wa a risk involv also . if we would bot have done that what would have happen . so to get somth we have to take a risk and we have to tri new thing .