the commenc of the twenti first centuri , see 's a shot up in price of oil , which wa n't the case in the late 1990 's which oil price were reason low in compar with the stun unpridict price increas . the problem is veri recent and report suggest that the demand of oil is more then the suppli , which is the obviou reason for the shoot up in oil price . car might be tempt to vanish . car need petrolum , and with out thi ingrid the car can not run . therefor if the price are shoot up then the consum might be tempt to leav or sell hi car behind and start hi day with a pop on the bu , or underground to secur his/her arriv to hi desir distin . the increas in usag of public transport will becom more and more effici over the come year . the public transport provid a cheeper and more time is save then have to wait for the traffic . furthermor let not forget the usag of technolog . techolog veloc have increas veri rapidli over the commenc of the twenti first centuri . new developd transport cabin might well be the case in the next two decad . hens now that the oil is be decreas , and is forcast to vanish in the next two or three decad . scientist as well as techolog industri will be look for new effici replac . howev we ca n't just rule out the vanish of car just like that in two decad . there are more then 30 car industri and brand all over the world , and they would n't want to see there busi currupt in less then half a centruri . althouh it ha been argu more the onc about the enviroment consern regard car , car emit alot of ga pollut result in an unhealthi enviroment spot . these constraint might have had a good effect on the car industri as they may set to launch a new and improv enviromental-freinldi car , which could run by solar energi for instanc , that are veri effici and healthi and the same time . therefor i would have to disagre with thi statement , i just ca n't see car just vanish like that in two decad , twentri year is not a long time , howev i agre with the fact the car will be less effici then wut the were in the twenith centurari