i think that i disagre with the follow statement `` in twenti year there will be fewer car in use than there are today '' to an extent . i would onli agre to thi statement under certain condit . car would onli decreas in twenti year if the crude oil diminish by that time , i think . not onli if it diminish but also if it wa scarc or difficult to drain out due to the lack equip to reach far or sens such small quantiti . i say that petrol is import becaus with it out car wont move . in addit to that if thi occur the petrol price might rise and onli moder to wealthi peopl can afford have a car with such high expens . i would add to that that if rude oil doe decreas or diminish less factori and electr gener would stop work and by that less classic car would be produc . on the other hand , i dont realli think that within 20 year thi is go to happen , i hope . as i see it , for the past three to four year the car innov and avail in market with variou shape , modal size and brand ha been increas non stop . for instanc in jordan which is a middl east countri that is consid moder non develop countri have had a dramat increas in car as it sseen in traffic jam that ha been increas each year more than the other . not to forget mention the gulf region where each famili member who is licens to drive own hi own car . car for guy in thi region is their main obsess . oman wa consid one of the quit gulf countri that wa known for it wide empti road for the past year it been have sever rush time hour from initi start with 2 rush our time on the way to and from work . ultim , i anticip an increas in car on road and in each hous , 20 year from now base on what i see today . i also think that mayb by that time new car that are not petrol fuel consum might be invent and in effici use . there wa car invent that work on helium ga instead of petrol and i heard that it wa seen in one of the sstreet in some western countri that i cant recal it now . in case crude oil wa to finish , i have hope that scientist will creat altern sourc of energi such as the solar power to provid us a normal sophist life life .