have a broader knowleg of a mani subject is not a veri good thing to achiev . a person who defin thi will be call a `` jack of all trade and a master of none '' . i think be an expert in one specif field is a better choic . have a knowledeg of too mani subject at onc will make a person feel undeduc sinc they have not gone into enough depth of anyth in order to achiev a live out of it . also whatevr kind of work they do will be never be done to full perfect due to the gap in their knowledg . an exampl of that would be a normal mechan doin odd job around my neighbourhood fix televis or comput or diswash . when he fix my televis set onc it prove to be fatal for it . instead of get better , the pictur qualiti worsen and therefor i had to send my televis set to the profession compani mechan who special in engin . after that my set start work and i do not have ani more problem regard it . in econom we have a specif term for peopl who have a broad knowleg of mani subject , it is like a household-typ societi when all the peopl dab their hand in almost everyth , `` a doer of all , but a master of none '' , thi ha sever problem like low effic , due to nobodi know to how to actual carri out a task with full effici , the rate at which good work is be done is veri low and damag is more . on the other hand if peopl in a societi are special in differ area , it is call a special societi . in a societi like thi , the effici level will be extrem high , and also the time taken to carri out task will be less . therefor thi kind of societi will gener more money through the high qualiti good and servic they produc . thi also prove the fact that be special in a particular field is a wise thing . if we leav the peopl to decid , will peopl prefer their housemaid stich cloth for them or a special tailor . most probabl peopl will opt for the tailor . peopl who choos the opposit will hemselv see the diffrenc in qualiti of the stitchig of the cloth by the housemaid and the tailor . the tailor can onli stitch and therefor he wll do hi job with the most amount of sincer and wil put in a lot of hard-work in that , sinc that is how he earn a live . wherea a housemaid also know to to cook and clean and therefor will not pay attent to the sitchin as much becaus he ha other mean of earn . as a conclus i would like to say that peopl who special in an area or field of studi will prosper in their live . be a jack of all trade may seem impress but there are mani drawback to it and peopl like them will never have advantag over special peopl in anyth .