`` you onli live onc , so live life to the fullest '' is a well known say , echo across cultur and countri all over the world . peopl are probabl tire of hear it . it basic mean that everyon can enjoy life no matter how old or young they are . and they should . becaus lost time wo n't be found again . if someon were to say to me that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl , i 'd have to complet disagre . there are definit big advantag be an older person . for one , you 'd probabl have your own money to spend and i 'm pretti sure there 's no better feel than earn your own bread and butter and then go about spend it . for exampl , there 's a strap young 15 year old lad who like noth but to spend hi day at the arcad and throw away all hi allow play a pinbal machin . allow . that 's all . now let 's take the exampl of a millionair who ha n't manag to let go of hi childish way . he just bought an arcad ( and an amus park ) and had a few pinbal machin move to hi sprawl 12 bedroom , 14 bathroom mansion . seem like these oldi have all the fun . let 's take into account that in most countri you have be over 21 year of age to go bunge jump . not that bunge jump is someth that everi young person want to do but even if he want to do it he probabl would n't be abl to . enter electron media and technolog . ever so often we 're subject to watch millionair and billionair on televis . they alway seem so happi . sure they ca n't realli ride a skateboard or a bike but they 've manag to replac that with a more than adequ automat scooter that they just have to stand on . i can imagin them zip around on their littl scooter , look at kid on skateboard and think that they 're have way more fun . in fact to some extent , i even think that older peopl are `` allow '' to have more fun . ye , it 's unfair . but such is life . it goe without say that with age come respons and i think a complet person is one who accept hi age and hi respons toward himself and the societi he live in . but that doe n't mean the fun come to an end . it almost never doe . bad health , beer belli and bald are a few deterr from that life of fun , fun , fun . but then again , you onli live onc and older peopl know that better than anyon . they 're tri to get as much in while they can . i ca n't wait for my day as an old man kick back in a comfort chair and watch soccer on the televis . the fun never stop . hey , look who just bought a yacht .