the question is if it is import for student to understand idea aand concept than it is for them to learn fact . for mani class or subject it is necessari to combin both that mean learn fact and to understand idead or model . accord to a studi mani student prefer to understand the idea of the theori , becaus thi is more use in an exam . i think everybodi have to understand an idea or concept becaus you can not write a good mark if you alway learn some fact . most you must conclud to give an good respons and not onli list some fact . therefor it is veri import to understand the topic or theme realli . for instanc , a student who studi mathemat he ha to understand the algorithmu which is use to calcul someth . for him is it not import to list onli some fact , he ha to think logic . otherwis in some class it necessari to learn fact for a testpap . if you do not learn thi you would not pass the exam . i think onli learn fact is not veri import for your futur . everybodey need it to collect life experi and therefor you have to understand what you are do . when a student get start with work or a job mani compani prefer such student who have a good gener educ and not onli knowledg in their studi . mabe ssudent who learn onli fact will forget it after a short time , but somebodi who ha it realli understand will do not forget after the exam . addit it is import to be satisfi with that what you . some student are not interesst in learn fact . everybodi ha it own method to learn or understand someth . a student of medicin ha to learn more fact than a student of electron . sometim it depend from the subject . for the last one it is veri import to understand the function of condens or transistor , but he can experi in a lab and mayb understand the function of it . in conclus , it is veri import to combin both method of prepar for a test . some fact a student have to learn but on the othersid he must understand what he is do in the exam . in a job everbodi train new concept or mayb he can rememb on that what he ha leran dure hi studi .