in china , my home countri , when we talk about enjoy in the past , we think of get rid of poverti and war . but in thi more and more competit societi , even the new challeg and new experi of thi world are no longer appearl as some old peopl may think , when compar to the high pressur we young adult receiv . all the pressur : competit with classmat , competit with colleagu , and high pressur of take care of a new famili . competit in schools-from elementari school all the way to graduat level , now is heavi like no other period . everyon around seem like geniu . and even wors , the parent realis it . the kid as aerli as onli 3 or 4 year old , mani are forc to go to take cours on piano , math or profession athelet . they live in the competit and do n't have the chanc to play with the other kid , or to spend a whole weekend afternoon in the playground . it actual ha caus a lot of psycholog problem of those kid . for a deploma from a prestig colleg , mani kid ca n't stand the high standard from the teacher and parent and commit suicid . in my opinion , it wo n't be a life enjoybl for these student . the recent time that i know the deadli competit for empoly , is when talk to a 82 year old granni i met in a local park . she told me she wa veri satisfi with her life now . but the onli thing she keep concer of is the work of her children . one of them have a undergradu degre , but can not get a work with $ 60 usd a month . the insur is problem , the hous rent is a problem , even the food becom a main concern . thi probelm is face mani young adult , especi those who just go into the profession area . teenag mom is no longer news , and it thoroughli reflect a social problem when solv the famili issu of young adult . most high school dropout , if it 's not for the studi problem , it 's the teenag mom . they give birth to a new life , but also sacrific their life to receiv better educ and better occup . anoth featur odf modern societi , is the age of newli marriag coupl are get older and older . everybodi seem lost in the work , and rare have time or energi to face the marriag and commit . mani guy in their 30 , do n't know anyth about women , is no longer somth rare , too . when face these big issu in life , young adult seem have veri fragil feel , and most of them are not happi with them . as a result , young peopl are a social group experienc high pressur from all aspect . their live are not enjoybl .