as go to the high technic world , you have mani opportun to attach variou advertis of product through the media . besid , it is easi to recogn that most advertis make product seem much better than realiti , so sometim most peopl do not believ insid advertis fact . in my opinion , i agre with the follow statement . there are three reason that i can mention , such as exagger fact , desir of audienc to the advertis , and result of best seller between product which form by real fact , and other product which includ some lie . first , most advertis have exagger fact . for exampl , recent i have some problem with my skin , so when i watch the televis or read some magazin , i am alway fascin some medicin to solv my skin problem . also , one day i watch miracl skin care product , but just few day after , i notic that advertis is use exagger way to attrat custom by get real fact from my friend . after know real result of skin care product , i felt veri disappoint . such these happen alway exist around our life . in addit accord to statist of advertis manag depart , most advertis are exagger look like beauti , and effici , even if there ha some rule how much compani can add not fact in their advertis . in addit , most custom have desir of the advertis . the desir which is visual or attract a way to present product caus that advertis maker put more not fact . for exampl , if you watch the beverag advertis , you can get color and beauti scenc , even though that is beverag . therefor , custom need to satisfi their desir of watch incred advertis even if that is not true . these fact affect symmetri between custom and advertis maker . next , the result of best seller between product which form by onli real fact , and other product which includ some lie help increas amount of exagger advertis . in fact , the product that includ some lie or visual thing , that will be sold out in just few time . howev , product which ha advertis that form by onli real fact are not influenc custom to buy it . as look like iron , custom need advertis which is not fact , even though after buy product , they felt dissapoint . in short , these are three main point of support my idea that exagger fact , desir of audienc to advertis , and the result of best seller in mar