`` { success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what they alreadi know how to do well } '' sucees peopl are those who gain fame , prosper in their live and they are know for their work global . i do agre with thi statement as peopl who are sucess for instanc take an exampl of the richest man in india , like relianc anil ambani. , ha alway tri out new thing in hi buis , hi father wa into share but he expand hi buis by establish a buis in internet , mobil phone , thi made him in to a veri rich man , and subsequ he is invest hi money in oil compani like cheveron worldwid . now take anoth exampl of anoth buis tycoon , say ratan tata in india again , he ha alway been in the steel buis and i do say he ha done good in hi carrer but again to compar rellianc is far mor ahead tha tata . let see anoth exampl ,, laxmi mital had start hi carrer with a small compani but sinc he did tri out new way , today he is the world 's richest man . a success person would like to explor new idea and work accordingli , thi help him to gain recogn global . he would like to expand hi buis in variou field and for thi if he need to invest in new project , he would never hesit . i believ destini also play a major role in a man 's carrer , if for exampl the man wa veri well do in hi past year but now he is face major downfal , thi can be due to hi hard luck. , as he is the same man who wa onc a upon a time a veri success person but now he is no where . if peopl stop tri new thin and work onli on what they have been do then our nation or say ani countri would never progress . they would be at one point onli , but with risk and challeng we are abl to get thing which we could never imagin befor . consid anoth exampl , even the presid of a countri come of with idea which sometim are benef to the nation , and if he didnot the nation would never move ahead . peopl inord to progress have to take such challeng in life and face inord to move forward . to conclud i do agre and truli beliv that for be a success person , one need to tri new thing and take risk .