in my life i have visit a variati of nation . i have come to comprehend the complex of some cultur as well as the uniqu characterist each nation provid . each cultur enviro provid a characterist to mandkind 's ident . the languag , the food and the histori everi nation in the world provid is be experienc when one travel to that nation . onc we are surround by that cultur we can explor it in a variati of way . two way are by ourself and by guidenc of a tourguid . what i have come to realiz is that a trip becom more gratifi , as well as at the same time it provid a greater cultur aspcet of the nation , when doe it with a tour guid . although the first argument against my opioin is that with a guid we are attain to hi shcedul thi come to play a small part in the desir turist have to adquir knowledg from a fore nation . it might be true that with a group and a guid we are enshroud in a surround where desicion are made by the major . what come to be more relev is that although as an individu in a grup we are unabl to decid where to go as an individu we do not know where to go . in order to adquir a divers aspect of the cultur we visit we must learn what character the cultur . a tour guid is more than abl to explain where the cultur of the nation stand out for it uniqu characterist . a tour guid provid as well what i person seek in a trip , knowdleg about the nation histori . by ourself we are abl to visit far more scenario but at the same time we are unabl to grasp the mean behind each scenario . in a trip i preffer to see few scenario but onc i come home i return with a load of cultur background consern each scenario i visit . the pleasur each experi grant me is greater when i know the social , polit , econom and histor background that the experi withhold . some do not like the pressur a group impos . i rather think of the shcedul in a group as the best way to handl my time in a trip . with a shcedul i regul the time it take me to visit each place in the cultur i seek to explor . i preffer to know what i should learn from rather than wander around the citi i visit . as an individu i would get of track my trip when i start to think of what i must do in order to get the most gratif out of my time in that nation . a guid provid inform , a schedul and when we combin these two aspect a guid come to provid a vast cultur knowldg i desir to discov . what a trip evok in my mind is an unsaci thrist of knowledg . thi thrist would unlik be calm down by my own . it is best if i have someon that is abl to give me the background inform of the mation i visit . by visitng a nation with a guid and a group i also learn from a new perspect . what to me might be intrest to some member of my group that same object stand out as dull . a guid and a group come to provid experi , poin of view , cultur knowledg that when put togeth creat a cultur divers which come to transalt into a remark trip .