the sentenc `` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept than it is for them to learn fact , '' open a wide field for discuss . ask whether i agre or disagre with it , i must say that i agre . i want to explain thi opinion in the follow . the first question ask is : what is the issu here ? what doe `` to understand idea and concept '' mean ? understand idea presuppos the capabilti for analyt think . thi is someth student can acquir by discuss argument , by ask question and listen to other argument . in do so , student prepar for their futur profession life in train the necessariy abil . understand idea also mean to appli concept method of work . here , argument from differ persepect or disciplin are link in order to achiev a more comprehens pictur of a matter . thi also enabl and train student to think beyond the boundari of their own disciplin - a qualiti that is requir in profession life . to conceptu idea and hypothes is import for a dialogu with other - student or colleagu . student are forc to think for themselv and strenghen thi abil . if the understand of idea and concept is emphas in the learn process , student will later be abl to appli their knowledg with confid . thi is of great import within process of competit . also , the delin of argument , describ fact and process is better done if student have a comprehens knowledg of their subject rather than learn pure fact . understand idea and concept is a necessari precondit for research , where abil to rememb fact and combin them in new & unusu manner are necessari . thi said , i , of cours , think that the learn of fact is import , too . but i regard it as a precondit for the process of understand idea . fact alon do not say much . also , fact alon can be much easier misus . what is need for understand of fact is the context . the mean of a fact in most case onli becom clear if the fact is contextu . be critic of someth also is a veri import precondit for research activ . be critic is onli possibl if