in thi world there are three kind of peopl who are veri much respons for their own happi , problem . they do not want to take advis from the other . they do n't want to share their problem with the other . the three kind of peopl are young peopl , middl age peopl and old peopl . here we discuss about the young peopl and the old peopl . is young peopl are enjoy the life or the old peopl are enjo the life . from the statement , i agre with it that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do becaus the young peopl are in the right age to enjoy . they can go anywher they want but the older peopl can not . from the morn till night the young peopl are enjoy a lot in sleep . i.e. wake up late in the morn some peopl wake up earli in the morn so that they can do some work out where as old peopl can not . in the second reason i want to specifi about the young peopl enjoy in the bike and car . as the young peopl go to colleg by bike and car . the colleg enjoy is differ where the old peopl can not enjoy the colleg life . the young peopl own there person bike and car through which they can enjoy the whole road while travel and they can also travel to long distanc with their friend . in the third reason i want to discuss about how the young peopl are enjoy in the night . after the colleg hour and in weekend i.e. in the even hour the young peopl enjoy a lot in go to movi , pub , disco , and some weekend program or function . where as the old peopl connot enjoy all these parti in the even hour and in the weekend , they just call upon their friend to their home and can just have gettogeth in a close room . final i would like to say that older peopl are not much energit that the young one . in their day i.e. when the older peopl were young they use to enjoy a lot , here it do n't matter . here we are just discuss about how the young peopl are enjoy than the older one . in conclus , i would rather like to say that young peopl are dynam , energit , and can enjoy the life more than older peopl . in everi aspect of life young peopl are enjoy the l