memori is the key to school sucess . that is what certain peopl truli believ . of cours have a wonder memori can help you to remind some detail of a precis subject the day of an exam , but can you learn anyth without understand it ? we will first examin that it is not possibl to learn anyth properli wihtout understand , then that learn by heart is not learn and final that if you have understood someth one then you will know it forev . everi scienc teacher will tell you that learn without understand is a wast of time . the famou french author rabelai told it himself : scienc without concienc is a onli the wast of your soul ( scienc san conscienc n'est que ruin de l'ame ) . so it is clearli imposs to learn without understand . may be it will be quicker to learn fact then understand the key idea of a subject , but will you then be abl to explain the subject to someon els ? therefor we can tell that learn by heart is not realli learn , inde one thing is certain and that is that when you have understood idea and concept of a subject , you must be abl to explain it to anybodi . for an exempl , we know that the civl war last from 1865 to 1867 but is learn thi fact help us to understand what ha happend dure thi war ? certainli not , but know and understand the econom situat from the first american state can truli help us to understand thi war . and it can help us to explain it later to someon els . likewis , if we have understood someth like how to ride a bike , then we will know forev how to that . understand concept and key idea about one subject is the same thing , you will understand it and then know it forev . and thi is truli help , imagin you have to pass an exam , you have learnt everyth by heart becaus you think you have a good memori that will alway be there for you . but suddenli , somehow , you do not know whi there is a huge hole into your head and you can not rememb anyth you have learnt . if you have taken the time to understand your subject thi situat would never happend to you . in a nutshel , we can say that learn onli fact can be a real risk that should not be taken , it is not worth it . but sometim learn fact can help to understand idea . like in histori you need the date of the event to understand what ha happend in a certain period , in order to understand the logic order of the event .