in my opinion it is better to special in one specif subject . peopl that do not special in one specif subject usual have a broad knowledg of manz academ subject . the problem with thi type of knowledg is that the person usual know a lot about lot of topic but doe n't have a deep understand of ani of them . for exampl : dure middl school and sometim high school , student are thought variou academ subject , that is to say that they attain knowledg from all of them . the problem that they have is that they do have knowledg about mani differ thing . but sinc they have to studi all of them , they are not realli abl to completli understand ani of them becaus the brain doe n't have the capac toabsorb such bast quantiti of knowledg . and as a consequ these student can not use thi knowledg in order to make a signific progress in ani of these area . on the other hand an individu that special in one specif subject can have a greater understand of the subject he/sh is studi . by special in one subject the person manag to learn everyth there is to know about it and as a consequ he can then use thi knowledg to inov . for exapl : in medicin there are some diseas that are so complex that the onli way in which a man can be capabl of understind it possibl caus in oredr to be abl to make an attempt to find a cure for it is by special , concentr in that one specif area . if we think about it , all the advanc that the world ha made have been becuas of individu that focus ( special ) in a singl area of knowledg and expand it . there is too much knowledg in the world for a singl mind , it physiolog imposs for a singl man to be abl to learn everyth there is to know . so if he attemp to learn everyth he will not onli fail to do it , but he would have sacrific time he could have invest in learn more about an specif subject . on the other hand i do think that peopl should have a minimum amount of knowledg of mani academ subject becaus everyth you can possibley learn will help you in the futur .