there ha been an argument regard the issu that the best way to travel is a tour in a group gener by use tour agenc . some peopl maintain that it is veri benefici to travel becaus it is cheaper and safer than travel alon . howev , i believ that travel in a group is not effect way to appreci foreign cultur . in thi essay , i will present two reason for my idea . first of all , travel with group member impos restrict regul to tourist . in gener , each person ha their own person prefer . peopl usual set prioriti on differ issu . to contend these variou demand , schedul should be set by their own . howev , tour guid can not provid flexibl regul to peopl . thi is becaus all of the schedul and regul set by tour guid are focus to group peopl . for exampl , when i travel in pari by use a group tour , i had realli want to go to montrematr , famou street in pari . howev , tour agenc stronli oppos to my idea becaus there is danger place to foriegn tourist . in addit , no other person did not join to my plan , so i final gave up to visit there . seconli , tour in group can not provid wonder memori to peopl . gener speak , one of the most import reason that spring to peopl 's mind in relat to travel is enjoy memori . if the person go to seesight alon , it is common knowledg that visit strang place ha high possibl to face accid . howev , peopl are dare to want to face that sudden accid , and a result these happen will be enjoy memori . howev , if peopl travel in a group , they will lose a lot of chanc to their own memori . thi is due to the fact that almost everi tour conduct by tour guid offer limit and regul schedul . a studi conduct by the depart of korean tour associ show that seventi percent of korean young peopl who onc travel in a group by travel agenc answer that they did not satisfi with group travel . take all i mention into consider , i believ that tour in a group by a tour guid is a not best option . thi is becaus it offer restrict shedul and , can not meet peopl 's divers tast .