the statement in the question is deniabl . i am not agre to the point that `` it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to specialis in one subject '' . i have veri good reason to contradict thi point . i would like to highlight few reason and exampl in support of my view and these are present as below . in my opinion it is better to learn one interest subject in depth . one can not afford to learn as mani as divers subjet with in cours time becaus one should possess varieti of talent to complet all the cours with in the less time and so usual it may not possibl to an ordinari student . all most all of the univers throughout the world offer specialis like journal , engini , medicin thing like that suppos if we take medicin field it includ specialis like dermatolog , psychiatri , cardialog , neurolog , pulminolog etc ... , if we take engin field it includ specialis includ electron , mechan , chemic , comput scienc and civil . mani univers are choos thi path becaus it is almost imposs to learn everi thing by one individu . if one doe specialis in a perticular area then he may have better chanc of accustom to a subject one can hope for . it is veri fruit in practic to obtain a good job . then he may have chanc to surviv easili throughout hi life . that is hi practic perform on that subject make him popular and bring him good salari . in that way one can satisfi hi financi requir . if one is have a broad knowledg of mani subject then he or she may perflex in choos a career . and one can not surviv much longer in that field sinc he is onli have broad knowledg on what he is do . in conclsion i believ strongli that one can not afford to learn knowledg of mani academ skill until he is veri intillig . one may confus to choos a career in which he or she suit . he may be unabl to serviv in the choosen field becaus of lack of depth in that field . so it is better for a univers to educ a person in ani specialis subject so that one can possess enough knowleg to deal with real time problem .