some peopl think the success peopl alway tri the new thing and take risk , wherea other peopl think the success peopl usual do what they alreadi know how to do well . as my point of view , i think the success peopl will tri to use the differ view and do the distict thing that other peopl never do befor . there are sever reason to support my viewpoint as below . i suggest that the success peopl will alway view the thing in the differ way , that is becaus the societi now chang dramat than befor . therefor , if we did n't know the trend of societi , we will be phase out one day . in thi situat , success peopl must be a person who monitor the chang of the societi and alway remind himself to be the pioneer of the societi . in thi reason , they will alway to be the person who have will to tri the new thing and to understand all the new concept of lot of field such as polit view and manag perspect . furthermor , sinc the competit of the world is enorm and lot of the thing is chang day by day . a success peopl must to be use the latest way or thought to keep up hi advantag . on the other hand , if someon alway focu on what he ha known and what he is good at , he will never know that the new thing have brought the quit big impact on the world and hi skill will be never be use in the futur . so , a success person must be a person who alway know the trend of the world and tri the lastest the method to deal with the thing he face . to take bill gate to be an exampl , he is no doubt to be a success person who tri the new thing and take risk rather than onli do what he alreadi know how to do well . he ha the uniq view to realiz that the softwar will be veri popular and import in the world . although lot of peopl though that the softwar wa not so vital as the hardwar is , bill gate still insist hi opinion , and then creat the microsoft and to be one of the greastest influenc person in the world . in conclus , i think the success peopl must be a individu who have brave to do someth that no bodi have courag to do it . therefor , he can alway keep hi advantag and continu creat the new thing and bright the benifit for the world .