we live in a big and divers world , and the onli way to know it , learn about it differ cultur and particip in new experi is by travel . travel need to be done with enough prepar and interest so the trip result in a pleasant one . therefor , i think that the best way to travel is without a tour guid becaus it help you to experi a differ cultur , get in contact with the peopl that live in that place and experi real relax . first , i think that travel without a tour guid and help you experi a differ cultur . tour guid mostli focu on turist place , place where larg crowd of peopl prowl and it is almost imposs to find a quiet place to observ the beauthi attract that place offer . so , if travel consist of hang with crowd of peopl i better stay home and go to the stadium . second , when travel all by yourself you get the chanc to get in contact with the local peopl , an experi that can not be compar . travel consist not onli watch but experi differ cultur . when you travel you must take the time to learn about local peopl and it custom . therfor i cant think of a better way of get aquaint with anoth cultur than by travel all by yourself , visit exot citi and talk to old peopl that were born and would die in the place you are visit . third , by travel without a tour guid you can realli relax by do what you pleas when you pleas . when you are travel with more peopl and led by a tour guid , it is rare the ocass you can do what you want , you must alway keep with the group . to all the place you go , there will alway be the sound of peopl joke and laugh make it imposs to relax . so , travel in a group ca n't be call a holiday . travel is a privileg that here in ecuador few peopl can afford , but when someon decid to travel , i think he must alway do it without a tour guid . when travel on your own you should consid your abil to dont get lost and reach place with a map as your onli guid . but i strongli recommend peopl to take the risk becaus at the end , the experi adquir is unforgett and it will alway compens the hour spent look for a place that in the map seem veri easi to get .