i would agre with the statement that it is necessari for student to unsersatand the basic idea than mere learn the fact . to exemplifi , let take how an engin work . we may learn mani fact about the engin as such or how curious it work and more . but know the fact about the engin doesnt mean that you are conceptualis the basic idea of it mechan . know all the fact doesnot mean that you may be abl to repair an engin if it broke down on way . but understad the mechan and conceptualis how the engin work would help you a lot . just learn fact is onli a way of mug up thing . fact alway remain as fact and it doesnt mean that student are understand it . it may teach you right from wrong one . but if you tri to understand the basic idea you may be abl to build your own answer for mani question . student would find thi atmost handi while appear for practic exam . a student who ha understood the concept will develop hi own answer from a question even if he is ask an indirect or relat question . thu you are tri to find out your answer from your own knowledg base which you have conceptualis better rather than mere know the fact . but the student may find it difficult to conceptualis thing as it is not easi for all to grab thing in the same manner . for thi , it is better to be more pragmat than read through book . it would be better for the student to picturis the mechan and do it practic . to quot anoth exampl , it is a fact that aeroplan fli with the help of pressur differ on it wing . but mere know thi fact is not suffici enough . if you tri to understand the idea that an increas veloc of airflow through it wing will creat lesser pressur on the surfac which get push upward by the increas pressur at the bottom part , you would conceptu the idea much faster . if someno can show thi with a model or a pictur , the student woul understand it better . student who have poor idea or concept find themself difficult to get updat with latest innov and techniqu about those subject . so understand the idea and concept hold the key for effect learn and success .