it is a common thought that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject . thi is no surpris when we think about how good it can make someon look in a cocktail parti or in a fanci dinner . inde , who doe not admir peopl who know about vari subject ? but can we say that have special knowledg is not as worthi as know a littl bit about a lot of thing ? i think that societi doe need specialist , that is peopl with highli special skill and knowledg . inde , some profess requir high accuraci in knowledg . for exampl , a surgeon is gener special in a part of the bodi , as brain surgeon are . in my opinion , that is due to the fact that peopl concentr on a subject learn a lot more about it than peopl learn a littl bit about everyth and who just can not find the time to go further in each field . other profess , such as teach , engin or account , need special knowledg , which is restrict to a field or few field , but that is veri thorough . that is whi i realli think you can not say that specialist are unworthi compar to peopl who know less but about more field . i also think that societi need generalist , or peopl who can cover a lot of field , becaus they possess knowledg from a vast rang of subject . in fact , i believ that those peopl have to work hand in hand with generalist : they can either assist them ( as a secretari would do with a doctor , for exampl ) or they can manag them ( as a chief execut would manag a staff of engin ) . inde , as these peopl master knowledg about vari subject , they can deal with the detail of specialist ' work , such as classifi patient ' file or financ engin ' project . that is whi i do not think it is fair to assert that it is better to have broad knowledg of mani academ subject than to special in one specif subject : to my mind , both specialist and generalist peopl are necessari in the societi , and extens knowledg of a precis topic can be as help as more restrict knowledg in more field .