i complet agre with statment that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . there can be except but in gener younger peopl are tend to enjoy more on account of their high energi level and will to live life to it 's fullest . younger peopl are more energet , fit , enthusast , experiment , sporti in natur and more excit toward event of life they are face or they are go to face . on the other hand older peopl are compr not much enthusiast becaus of ill fit , lack of energi , lack of will to do thing . fed up from their problem . they do not prefer experiment or adventur . when i wa of age 6 i alway want my grandfath to run with me , run my bicycl . he use to refus and he use to see my enjoy by ride bicycl . i use wonder whi he is not be part my happi my enjoy . but later i realis i grew up that he wa heart patient and could not afford to run and enjoy like i did . age , diseas made him weaker and he wa refus to do even simpl thing that he wish to enjoy . young peopl can do whatev they wish and thi is treasur of happi . if one wish to climb the hill one need to think about it . but thi is n't case when it come to older peopl . energi , fit anr not the onli thing . willpow is lack in older peopl . i had one professor who use to teach me langaug call `` sanskrit '' . he wa alway in demand to give lectur , teach student . but now he is 88 and `` sanskrit '' is someth he sepnt hi life for . he is veri fit for hi age . but still he is not abl to teach student and give lectur even at renow univers becaus he do not have that same willpow . he can ot enjoy someth he did for hi whole life . young peopl on contrari can go and parti late , they can play , they can race , they can climb mountain . they have willpow to acheiv someth in life . they can tri their level best with energi and will and can enjoy their success . youngster have broader vie toward societi so they can enojoy what they get without ani conflict . i know my borther who parti everi night , goe on trek everi altern sunday , get good mark , get success out of whatev he want to do . but in same home he live , hi grandmoth can not enjoy beyond go to templ and to meet some rel . also younger peopl can take defeat is someth which will make them emot strong while older take is as failur . that take the enjoy of win away from them . confid , will , energi these are key point of happi . and unfortun older don not have them compar to young peopl . so i think youngster enjoy life more than older do .