i think it is more import to use their idea and depend on their imagin . of cous everi idea can be base by fact . but sometim it 's worng becaus student have to tri to think creat thing someyear ago . mani school forc student to studi with fomula and memor onli fact . they did n't allow student to speak their opinon freeli . but these day , mani system have chang in school . they ecourag student creativ activ . when the childhood is import to student they do n't know well about the societi and futur and around mani thing . the free think can be help in our societi . these think can produc more advac futur . just to learn the fact and memor block them from free think and the abil to imagin about everyth as much as they can . for exampl , i read the book a few day ago after read the book i agre with it . the book includ about fomula educ . the childeren learn mathmath in school they have to solv the problem but they ca n't count the number well . when they learn mathmath they were foce to remeb the formula and they alway studi almost same question . sometim they face higer problem but also they depend on the fomula . so , oneday their homeroom teacher ask them `` which is bigger , 1/4 or 1/2 ? '' children answer `` 1/4 '' they knew onli bigger number . they could n't think about the amout and rang and degre . so i suggest that they shoud be learnd with new way like experi and express their think , even if it 's worng . anoth one is about the art . art includ alot of thing . such as draw and take a pictur and act so on . i want to say about the act actor or actress do n't know how to act and speak befor get the paper with their role . they have to act depend on themselv . and have to imagin and understand the situat . the fact out the situat is not enough to make a movi audienc expect to see the sceneri which they ca n't do and ca n't think . so the filmmak have to satisfi such the peopl . in conclus , i think it is better to understand and concept about the problem and situat and everyth than to learn onli fact .