learn and understand are two cognit abil that are close relat and are part of the everi day experi of a human be . i would say that , sinc student are constantli interact with their environ and with other , learn from these experi come as the main factor . thi abil could be defin as the disposit of the student to process inform he receiv from hi environ , through hi sens ( what he see , listen and feel ) and is capabl to categor and keep thi inform for adapt purpos . each inform is contain in what we commonli call : experi . and by experi i mean fact . fact are part of realiti , part of the outsid world , and help a student understand a world that should be articul with hi intern experi ( such as thought , and emot ) . moreov , becom social adapt and in coher with hi own thought about how the world work and how will he explain to himself the action and reaction of hi enviro ; includ natur scenario , peopl and the divers of thi interact , which are all part of the process of learn . understand becom an abil where the student consid what of all that he ha learn is comprehens enough for him . that is , if he distinguish significantlli between event and part of realiti . for exampl , a new subject ( chemistri , to mention one ) is be taught to a student , first he receiv all the inform about it , theori , author , investig , etc ; but right after he ha , let say , accumul all thi inform in hi mind , after he ha learn about thi new subject , he will begin to comprehend , understand it , by re-read book , articl , by talk and express hi idea , by reproduc the author 's point of view , etc . therefor , i do n't agre with the statement . i consid that face the oustid world is first and it is a process of learn ; understand is that second part of the process on where the student ( or human be ) will form in hi mind idea , concept , opinion , even hypothesi about what he ha alreadi learn . so learn and understand are in the same level of import . it is a matter of what come first and how they influenc the interact between the student 's innerworld and realiti place outsid .