i disagre with the statement , that young peopl do n't help their commun enough nowaday , although it is a difficult topic to decid on . i understand how someon would come to make such a statement , see young peopl rather spend time hang around at bu stop or the like , or not offer their seat to elderli peopl in the bu , or listen to them talk about how they do n't care about anyth but themselv and their fun , or see them litter in park or on the street . howev , i know a lot of peopl who are veri devot to help other , to make the environ more comfort for everyon to live in , or who are veri consider concern their neighbour and other peopl . for exampl , the number of young peopl who decid to do a voluntari social servic , help and take care of mental and physic challeng peopl , or do an ecolog servic by fight polut by put inform out or clean up the countrysid , restor nation park . also , a lot of young peopl help out with commun event like elect , fair . sometim they initi such an event , or they simpli help by count vote , for exampl . and i 've seen young peopl sit in the public librari and read to children everi week , therebi make the happi and mayb help out the parent by take over , at least for a littl while . anoth aspect that i feel should be taken into consider is the follow : talk about how peopl nowaday do n't help their commun enough impli two thing : firstli , that there wa a time when young peopl were more devot to their commun , and secondli , that there is a valid measur determin how much help , or how much time spent help can be consid `` enough '' . i do n't think that young peopl of the previou gener devot more time to their commun , exept mayb for the fact that they spent a lot more time their , sinc they were n't as flexibl travel or choos the locat where to live as young peopl are today . young peopl , especi when they are still prepar for later employ , often chang locat , when they start colleg or univers , for exampl . and if one onli spend a limit time in a commun , there might not be enough time or opportun to get properli envolv . as for the question how much involv would be consid enough , i think that thi is not a question with an absolut answer . some peopl may think that help out in a nurs home onc a week for one or two hour would be enough , other would not even consid thi amount of involv worth mention . thi last aspect alon , which boil down to a question of perspect , is whi i can not agre with the statement that young peopl do n't spend enough time help their commun - thi and my own experi with numer individu , some of which i have mention abov , which prove the contrari .