i disagre with the idea of a societi form by selfish young peopl . it 's not complet true . it depend on their famili , their friend and their social background . inde , if you live in a famili where your parent think onli about themselv becaus they are concentr onli on their job , it would be difficult to think help the commun . in thi case , the son or the daughter usual think about her or hi studi , toy , thing , good and not about the other who can need their help . if i live in a differ famili where my parent have taught me to help other peopl and also anim , the matter would chang . we can start also from our home and our daili routin . if i taught my son that it 's import to help me do someth , he could do the same in other occas when he is not at home . if my son stay at home in front of tv all the day and i said noth about that , it could be neg for hi sens of help and respons . so all begin from the educ . the educ to help someon is the basi . it doe n't depend on young peopl but on their educ . i have met in my life a lot of interest young peopl who help everi day their friend or peopl in need . they alway belong to a cathol societi or have mani strong valu such as famili , love , friendship , sacrific and so on . they alway believ in someth : god or polit valu . or they believ in some utopist theori such as commun . i never met gener and unselfish young peopl without strong valu . so where young peopl are not interest to help their commun is where there is a lack of import valu . i believ in some strong cathol valu and i tri in my free time to help other peopl in differr way . i 'm a teacher and i work in some case without earn in order to help some poor peopl . there is anoth import point and it alway depend on educ : young peopl sometim have too mani hobbi and appoint in a day and so there is no time left for help peopl . if a parent prohibit thi kind of day routin , young peopl could be less busi and they could have more avail time to help other in need . in conclus , in the soul of young peopl , there is the desir to help the commun and the adult have to help them to do that .