everi person ha their own definit for enjoy which might even chang accord to the variou stage of life . i agre that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . their is a vast age gap between the peopl compar who are in differ phase of their life . young peopl enjoy life from their pure heart . they can do the activ which make them happi , excit and feel them elev on top of thi world . no matter how small the task they have done they enjoy it complet . in contrast the expertis of life . , ie the old age peopl enjoy their life for the matter of satisfact . at thi age they start live for their children , their famili . they will be readi everytim to compromis their dream for the sake of their children . at thi age they start think that they had live their life complet now it the time of their children to live life , as the person grow older the problem of ego start , he ha to maintain hi digniti accord to hi profess , the statu in the societi do matter , all these thing depriv them from the pleasur that they could experi by do few thing which is realli go to make them happi . young peopl , special the children can perform certain activ which can not be posssibl in the case of old age like ask few silli question to their mother which mother do repli patient , play in muddi water , children as such do not have ani responsibilit on they shoulder . come to the adolasc , they do enjoy life but here the definit of enjoy chang . they imagin themselv as independ individu who ha enter a competit world which is even fill with fun and entertain . they have a huge respons on their shoulder of lead a successful life . they are the young blood who can parti hard , work hard and accept the challeng of their life . in accomplish them they gain experi and they even enjoy the difficulti face by them . everi person should enjoy till the time they are aliv in thi world . they should look their life as a challeng and face it dare and enjoy everi aspect of it . young peopl enjoy more compar to other .