the young peopl of today are a much more inform and awar group of peopl than young peopl in the past ever were . they are the futur of societi and commun and ofcours have a big role to play in give back to and help their commun . it is unfair to say that they do not give enough time to help their commun . i am of the opinion that young peopl nowaday give as much if not more time than the youth of year gone by ever did to help their commun . the youth of today have had more oppurtun than youth of yester year ever did have benefit greatli from the same . there are sever exampl from recent year that go on to prove how young peopl have devot a lot of their time and energi toward forward a caus that is relat to their commun . as a particular exampl , one may look at the anti firecrack drive undertaken by young peopl across sever region dure festiv season . such campaign are aim at issu rang from reduc the pollut level experienc due to burst of firecrack to more grave topic such as tackl child labour ( often be empli in fire cracker factori ) . howev , some may argu that as a movement such anti-firecrack drive may be instig not by young peopl themeselv ; but the fact remain that such drive are successful onli due to the activ particip and support of young peopl . and we have suffici evid to beliv that these movement are more success today than they ever were in the past . anoth exampl is that of commun servic program initi in sever privat school over the past few year . it is now compulsori in sever school to complet a certain number of commun servic hour . what is most hearten is that i myself have experienc first hand how mani student are interest in devot more time than is compulsarili requir of them . a myriad of social servic club have form in school . in my own school , such a club wa in the nascent stage when i graduat . onc again , cynic may argu it is not the youth themselv who are jump in on commun servic ; but the bottomlin is that the averag school go student today probabl spend a lot more time in commun servic than a student did ten or twenti year ago . one arguement that must be put forth to make the case for the young peopl today even stronger is the current state of growth and develop of commun in differ region . bar a few except , the standard of live of peopl ha gone up over time and therefor so ha the standard of the commun that hous these peopl . in my opinion , it is not possibl to explain such an improv in commun life without give some credit to the young peopl of the commun . even if the younger peopl may not be at the helm of organis commun get-togeth and event , they are most often the one that particip heartili in the same . such activ particip defin goe to help their commun develop .