nowaday , there is a strong believ in that young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . thi may be so due to the fact that young peopl lead more activ daili live , work , go out , have greater physic abil , among other thing . howev , i do not agre with that idea becaus of the elder 's free time to do as they pleas and their great wisdom in deal with life 's problem gain by their life experi . even though we usual think young peopl 's live are veri activ and thu , they are happier and enjoy life better , when you come to a certain age abov 65 , you can certainli concentr on the activ you like do better . young peopl are alway in such a rush , especi in today ' world in which time is alway relat to money , that they fail to seiz each moment 's priceless valu . instead , when you becom old , your ` work ' time is finish and you usual retir . it is then when you have the possibl of take advantag of your free time as well as you pleas . for exampl , if you have alway like read , now you have plenti of time to spend get into the great magic world of word . anoth importn point is that old peopl have more experi and that help them worship life better . when you are young , you alway like experi new thing , no matter the cost . with everi cours of action you take , you take risk and then , when watch the consequ of your act you understand better what life consist of and what realli matter to you . that is what happen to old peopl . as they have gener live and experienc so mani thing dure the cours of their live , at a certain age they seem to know the basic of life and , therefor , do not worri about so mani thing as you may worri when you are a young adult . for instanc , i have seen my grandmoth smile sympathet at my veri sad experi - like a break up with a boyfriend - while say to me ... ` that ha happen to me more than onc ' and then explain how life goe on and how there are more import thing to worri about . even though it is true each one of us ha to lead separ live and the fullfil of our goal and the reach of happi depend on our person experi , i strongli believ old peopl enjoy life more than young peopl do due to their have more time for do their favourit activ and their enlighten past experi that show them better path to succeed in life . young adult , therefor , should alway take advantag of elder peopl experi to learn , from veri earli age , how life can be alway more enjoy than it alreadi is , alway keep our heart open to what the voic of experi can share with us .