mani teenag seem to just hang out with themselv and not help their commun . howev , thi is wrong . student are actual help the commun they live in with small thing such as keep the commun clean , and help the elder and disabl peopl . these day , almost all the school are requir the student to go to the government-rel area and help other for certain hour per year . becaus they get their mark off the grade , most student go to where the elder are , or to kindergarten to help out commun peopl by clean and help chore . for exampl , a student will go to the daycar center and help the teacher -- or leader -- take care of the kid and entertain them . help them serv snack and do dish will be anoth way to help the societi . also , onc in two week , student are to go outsid the school build and are requir to pick up small trash and garbag that are liter insid the school . even if it is just insid the school , it will help the school to look clean and organ . just like these , student are help the commun behind the adult ' eye . when you go on the public transport , such as subway or buse , it is easi to notic a young student give up their seat to someon who is carri a heavi object , or someon who is old and hard to support themselv by stand . thi small thing can also be a big help to the societi . other will learn thi act from thi student and will repeat the same act to help other . the student will also feel warm about what he/sho had done . anoth exampl is that teenag can help foreign by just answer them how to get somewher veri kindli . it is often for student to help other is minor thing , but adult just think that the student do n't help the commun at all . there are more thing that adult could help for the societi , but not much for the young peopl . young peopl do n't have enough money to help other , when adult do . they do n't have abil to help other peopl in such a big scale . instead , they help other with minor thing and be satisfi with it . peopl who say that young peopl do not help the commun should think about themselv if they help the commun within their abil .