i do not agre in toto with the abov statement that young peopl enjoy ife more than older peopl do . older peopl will complet their duti and will be in the stage of relax and free from the tension . they did all the struggl to settl their live and will be in the stage of receiv fruit to all the struggl they made dure their age . they have everi thing in their live and have pass out almost each and everi struggl that come in the life . they have all the experi and are capabl of face ani situat in the life from their past experi . they enjoy their time happili and more over with out ani tension . they go to park , spend their time happili with the famili member , and enjoy play game like shettl , carrom etc . they realli enjoy thier time spend with book especi holi book , epic , comic etc.they may go to their friend home and spend some time there . but if their duti are not well finish even at that time they need to struggl even at that age for surviv . if he enjoy alot dure hi life without have proper insight about the futur he may safe bad consequ dure hi older age . on the other hand even young peopl enjoy their life happili . enjoy basic start from the childhood itself . one can get the tast of enjoy dure hi young age onli . he is energit , capabl of what he fulfil hi aim and ambit , dynam , activ and also have sharp mind dure hi childhood . all these qualiti lack in the older peopl which requir to enjoy the life . young peopl attend parti , play game both indoor and outdoor , activ particip in all the feild he is will . it is the age where he can enjoy and help peopl to enjoy . but too much enjoy dure the young age may lead to mani disadvantag not onli in the young age but through out hi life . the step which we keep dure the young age are more critic and veri import as they last for life long . so accord to my view enjoy is not the thing that is relat to age . everi one can enjoy more and more in their life if it doe not cross the barrier , so enjoy within the limit is the key point which decid the life . then onli we can realli enjoy the freedom of enjoy . too much enjoy at ani stage may caus pr