just like footbal player understand the strategi of the coach , but they do n't understand how to appli these plan they will still lose the game ; just like one may know the techniqu of paint but he or she doe n't know how these techiqu would creat a real pictur or he never saw a pictur use these kind of techniqu , he still can not draw a beauti pictur . .. as far as i concern with the topic state abov , i wo n't agre with the statement that it is more import for student to understand idea and comcept than it is for them to learn fact . the reason go as follow : to begin with , as we all know the idea and concept are usual more abstract than the fact . it is more difficult for the student to understand at the begin . if the student can know the fact first and then relat the fact to the theori , it is easier for them to understand deepli . it is alway the case in the studi field such as econom , math , physic . perhap everyon may have the experi that the professor will explain the theori of movement in the physic lesson by tell the fact at the veri begin . secondli , when we think deepli , we will ask ourselv : what are the idea and concept serv for ? of caus it is serv to appli to the daili life , or more accur , we use it to explain the fact . so how can we know the concept without know the fact ? for instanc , student know the idea of the transport of the electon but they do n't know about the fact that thi theori is appli to make the telephon , what 's the purpos of know the theori concept . the idea and concept becom more valuabl onli when they appli to our daili life and improv our life qualiti . last but not the least , the idea and concept today may not be correct just like the theori of natur selet and evolut were not true long time ago . so the student need to know the fact and compar the fact with the idea in order to verifi and make sure if it go with each other . it is also veri import for a student to challeng the exist idea use the fact they know . in a word , i think it is import for student to understand idea and concept at the same time .