i will be discuss the question whether young peopl do enjoy life more than older peopl do . i do think that thi question can be answer on a varieti of level and i will tri to state my opinion on thi topic . young peopl have a lot of possibl in life . most of them have a lot of friend , quit some spare time and a lot of differ hobbi and occup . they can alway travel to new place , move around with eas and connect to other young peopl fairli easili . also , our societi offer a lot of differ way for young peopl to enjoy life , they can be with their friend , they can go to the disco or visit concert and a lot of media such as comput game and current popular music are design specif for younger peopl . for old peopl howev , there are n't as mani viabl opportun . they tend to have fewer friend and a veri differ style of enjoy themselv . a lot of them have to work quit a lot , not leav too much time for themselv . they are also usual bound to their hometown , it is where their hous is , where their work is and where their children might go to school . all of that doe n't realli enhanc their flexibl too much . nonetheless , they can still enjoy themselv and they can do so on a differ level . it seem just by compar what is offer today , that it is much easier to enjoy life when you are young , but that doe n't necessarili hold true . a lot of young peopl feel the constant need to go to differ place and to alway have someth go on around them . while older peopl can deepli enjoy a nice glass of wine and a good convers with a friend , young peopl often have troubl enjoy anyth veri deepli . sinc there is alway a lot go on , they also ca n't realli appreci what they have and what they can do . young peopl also have constant worri about their own futur , about relationship and about what will happen to them in their life . all of these worri do in a way prevent them from truli and deepli enjoy someth good that happen to them . older peopl are often a lot more content with their own life , have accept their fate and can therefor enjoy their pleasur in life more deepli . so in conclus , young peopl seem to have endless possibl and seem to enjoy life a lot more on the surfac , but sinc they have a much harder time to realli enjoy what they have , i would n't say that older peopl have less enjoy in life . of cours it alway depend on the individu and there are mani case where a such gener rule simpli doe n't appli , but overal i do n't think that the amount of enjoy can be evenli compar . both side can enjoy life a lot , but they do it so differ that i feel thi statement can neither be agre to , nor proven to be wrong .