at the turn of the centuri , there wa a common view that there would be fewer car in use in a quarter of a centuri time , which is in twenti year from now . and i still today do not share that view . but , whi should the public think the number of car should decreas over the year is the question i will answer so as to justifi my disagre with the abov statement . let me first evok the sever ground peopl resort to when argu for a prospect slump in the number of car on the street . increas concern for the environ coupl with the skyrocket oil price seem to push for a gener decreas in car onwership . from where i stand , the necessari adjus will be made so that car ownership stay stabl or in the increas , becaus we should not forget that the surviv of a whole industri branch - the automobil industri - is here at stake , and thi sector is readi to adapt to new trend and new requir from the gener public . first , research & develop is a field where massiv invest current take place . auto maker would not develop such extens research with no prospect for futur sale and no return on invest ( roi ) . for exampl , toyota is invest a lot so as to come up with ever more ecologically-friendli vehicl . plant and lab in india have alreadi combin effort and launch the toyota priu , a citi car that pride itself in be eco-friendli . thi is direclti target at the market which is consciou about the enviromn , the eco-friendli share of the popul , which care for ethic and is scrupul about social respons . second , the lack of time and park space have been two major factor for the redirect of car owner onto public transport and bicycl , mop etc . but public transport ha it disadvantag ( overcrowd ) , so do bicycl and motorcycl ( hazard on slipperi road , frequent accid , uneasi in winter condit ) . therefor , auto maker have tri to answer that grow need for small car that enabl you to virtual park on ani park spot at almost ani time . to support that point , the smart car by merced , provid it driver with the opportun of park horizont to the curv , where no regular size vehicl normal could . last but not least , the increas in the cost of run a vehicl . sinc 9/11 , the price of the oil barrel ha increas three-fold . thi mean that fill your tank ha becom a burden on famili budget and could turn out to make peopl refrain from use their car . to counter that factor , innov solut are found : brasilian now run their can on sugar cane and sunflow oil . resort to methanol ha been a solut studi by german automak . it would drastic reduc the cost . hybrid car with their fuel-effici have start to penetr the market and seduc the expense-sens famili . in the end , it is easi to wit how the market is current tri to adapt itself to chang trend and grow concern that may threaten the auto market . by success adapt itself today , the automobil industri is secur it futur .