the car use int he 20th centuri continuinlgi increas with each year . in countri like the unit sate an averag famili will own at leat two car , sinc there is no other way in order to get from place to place . unless restrict are made on how mani car allow within a household , the amount of car in twenti year will not decreas , but possibl even increas . as the price of car becom cheaper and cheaper , more peopl can afford to buy car and therefor will take thi advantag . in mani countri there is no other way to get from palc to place unless you own a car , becaus of the long travl distanc . just look at the rais in traffic , almost everywher in thi world , proov that there are a lot more car on the street and that the number of car is not go to be declin . as long as the public transport in mani countri remain weak and possibl even expens , on the long run buy a car will do more for one . in mani state the public transport is terribl , there are onli a few buss thta drive to the local area , and that everi thriti to sixti minut . if peopl need to be ontim somewher they wo n't reli on a bu to bring them there , especi if it wo n't even binrg you too close to your destin . system need to be creat such as the u-bahn , bu , and tram system in vienna or even the new york subway system that allow peopl to get form place to place in a reson amount of time and under good circumst . onli if peopl start to use public transpor and their own two feet , will the car use decreas and that outlook is not com up soon . teenag can alreadi get thier lisenc with 16 and 17 in mani countir , which onli increas the car use in the world . if everi teen in thi world ha the possibl of drive a car or even half the teen in thi world , that would mean that the car use would most probabl doubl . car use will onli stop is emasur are taken against it . the fact that car are use is n't bad but veri understand , yet car that not friendli to the environmetn should be creat , such as electr run car , which would be more expens , which would also cut down rate on car use .