knowledg of ani kind is alway good . i believ if one ha the opportun and intellectu capac to acquir vast amount of knowledg from differ field he or she should not let the opportun pass . on the other hand , if an individu tri to engag in the studi of too mani subject at onc , he or she might not get to achiev the level of specialis need to fulli grasp the overal concept of an academ subject . the use of have a knowledg expand through differ academ field is that one can reli on other field to backup it argument in a more effect manner . noon can argu that polit is not link to the studi of law , econom and even sociolog . and moreov , mani of the great thinker and most of the great inventor in histori have had a broad knowledg on differ subject . peopl like leonardo da vinci appli their knowledg in differ field to bring about new and origin propos to our world . howev , it is also true that at earlier time human wa still discov the most basic knowledg and technolog and therefor to be a knowledg person on a field wa not as complic as it is today . today , media , think tank and mani other institut are provid us with immens ammount of inform in thousand of differ field and with a level of specialis never seen befor . befor a bachelor of art wa enough to enter a succes career in academia , even busi . today master programm , further educ degre , seminar , etc. mushroom around the academ world promot the new mantra , specialis . univers , colleg and the busi commun expect the best of the best in the field they are recruit in . i believ there is a veri romanticis view of knowledg in the academ world today that i share but that i believ to be outdat in the realiti of the profession world today . as a form of a conclus i would like to say that it is also worri the lack of out-of-busi interest peopl have . not mani profession today have intellectu hobbi they devot their time to after work . neither do they pass that intellectu curios to their children . a humanist cultur , a love for gener knowldeg , from music to literatur , make better citizen and more sensibl peopl . i am not go to claim in thi paper that gener knowledg is better for a career orient person but it is definit an essenti complement to a nation 's life , in social interact as much as in a more person level .