when i read thi statement , i automat think that it is right , young peopl enjoy life more than older peopl do . but if i think on it , it appear to be , in fact , the contrari . .. it is true that young peopl have the discov everyth . when one is born , one ha to learn and to built all of who one want to be . therefor , a young person ha to tri and to search all that he can , to know who he is . in that sen , he enjoy life more than older peopl , who alreadi know who they are . it is also true that young peopl have more opportun to enjoy life tham older peopl . the educ system permit them to meet mani differ person , until the entranc in the profession life : the student ha to chang of educ place all hi student life , with the school , the highshool , the colleg , etc . .. at the contrairi , older peopl alreadi have a durabl placement in their compani , and therefor have less occas to meet other person . final , we know that young peopl make sport and have activ that older peopl can not exerc . that is the first impress that i have when i read the statement . but i am young and that is whi my spirit onli saw avantag for young peopl . if i am object , it is obviou that older peopl also enjoy life . they have their life alreadi line , that is true , but all the exempl of adult around me show me that it is not a reason for us tu stop their hobbi and to stay at home without do anyth to enjoy their life . my father , for instanc , decid to quit my mother becaus he found hi life too calm . .. he ha mani friend , and now he profit of everyth more than , even if i am younger . .. with the world of today , and the global , we can have onli one job for our entir life , that i whi older peopl have the opportun to chang oh life , to discov other thing and other field . when we travel , we can see that the major of tourist are not veri young , and i thing that travel is the best way to enjoy life . all these reason show that older peopl can enjoy life as well as young peopl do , and even more . it is onli a differ way to enjoy thing . that is whi i disagre , after reflect , with the statement .