i would agre with thi statement . i feel that young peopl nowaday are neglig toward their own commun as a whole , a commun that ha help them becom what they are . there are mani place where we see thi happen . young peopl are more career orient now and tend to leav their home and commun in pursuit of higher edcat and better job opportun in foreign land . although they may get what they seek but their commun are get neglect . young peopl are advers to becom a part of the social commun gather and therefor are not expos to the problem be face by them . in my nativ citi in north india i have seen that my commun ha gone from bad to wors in term of their social stand and the econom condit . the commun school that i studi in is now in a state of utter disarray . the older peopl are tri to do what they can but the onu is on the younger one to take on the responsibilti . local commun welfar societi for redress the problem of peopl have increasingli seen declin in youth particip . the young peopl fail to identifi with the problem of peopl they onc live with . these sociti are for most of the time non-govern affili organis and are usual not profit . thi is whi peopl shi away from them . they are against spend time on thing which are not a sourc of incom . young peopl also feel that whatev time they get at home from the fast pace life they lead should be util in spend time with the famili rather than worri about their commun . lucr job in multin compani where there are tough work hour as oppos to just a 9 yo 5 job have onli worsen thi problem . attend parti at night and be seen in high place have becom more import becaus of peer pressur and form profit social circl . anoth reason for thi to happen is that in mani place there isnt a common forn for poepl to rais issu concern them . even if they are talk about in veri localis area they are mostli kept away from the reach of younger peopl base on the notion that their young and immatur mind will not understand the problem or be abl to provid solut . in most gather in my nativ citi young poepl are not allow to express their opinion freeli . thi is more so becaus the old peopl run the system are against novel idea . thi also give the young peopl a reason to stay away . until the peopl identifi with the problem or face them first hand it is highli unlik that they will ever start worri about the better of their commun . step will need to be taken by both young and the old in develop more practic idea base on chang societi and live standard .