success everi singl person have dream . howev , not everyon can bring hi dream true . peopl who work hard and dont mind to tri new thing even though a dengour thing alway success . that whi agre the statment that 's say 's '' success peopl tri new thing and take risk rather than onli do what would they alreadi know how to do . becaus thi three reason . first , human bee success and surviv becaus they alway toke a risk and tri a kept tri a new idea . second , it 's know that tri new thing over and over again will becom wire after all . final . human bee love compat and if they win they would not gave up long time ago human be success becaus they alway have been make a new idea anddescov and invint , thi what would make person success . when the first human adapt the agricultur in medel aisa , the have more control in their live . as a ruselt they are not frai ani more from not have food becaus they have a control for the food sourec . instad od follw the game and travil after the anim that they hunt , they start to agricultur and have their own food sourc . they success and they had the power . after that , a new invint start . for exampl , use the wheel for transact and cevilaz . so to success we peopl alway have to find a new idea . everi next ganar tri to find new thing . other wise we would be as the same as the first human step in the earth . we would not have technolog or cite for exampl . peopl have to descov and invet new aspect . imagin you self have no food and no ecomp and you are alon in the desert . with all thi thing around you , you would tri to fing a new thing . after capl trye you will surveiv . for exampl , if you tri to eat snake or dig in the ground to find a water . so tri new thing dever time it alway end with seccess . compat is someth in out grene . if tri it onec we will never gave it up . whenm ap erson becom sueccess he will not take a resc becaue the senc of the compat . success make you a person keep copat and tri new thing is our way to sueccess