ye i total agre with the abov statement . becaus we should not learn the subject but we should understand the idea or concept or anyth relat to the subject . thi play a vital role in the educ skill and improv our learn attitud . if we are veri poor at these thing we ca n't improv in our subject and we ca n't do better thing relat to the subject . for exampl creat new thing will alway be possibl onli when we have good knowledg about our subject and if we start learn everyth from our childhood we ca n't grow more relat in the particular field and henc if we start understand concept from the childhood then we can contribut alot to our field like by do phd 's. , and then start independ research area and start creat in our own way will final lead to good consequ . so everybodi should be guid properli from their childhood and have a proper skill in learn thing or fact . ofcours childhood play a veri crucial role in everybodi life and henc parent should take care of their children properli and guid them properli in their educ , in order to becom good citizen in their nation . if student wish to contribut alot in their field then they should concentr to grasp the subject and potray it in a good way . thi idea will probabl come true for those peopl who are realli good at their educ background and learn skill . that 's whi everybodi should learn how to appli skill in their career and they should interact with teacher and student to improv alot . if they start interact they cancom to about their fault and they can correct them and adapt some good skill from their friend and teacher . so commun play a vital role in everybodi life . so student should maintain good habit inord to acheiv alot in their life and henc to contribut alot to their field . good learn skill are the onli mean to get suce in day to day competit world and fast life . parent , teacher , friend and good habit are the primari thing that affect student 's life . depend on thi everyth is inter-connect and henc good famili background alway play an import role in children 's educaton . that 's whi , elder should alway behav properli and should think alot befor they do .