there can be found sever reason to think that younger peopl enjoy life mor ethan young one as well as to proof the opposit . howev it is fianlli up to the individu environ a person is born into as well as hi person approach toward life . young peopl , provid that they grow up in an intact environ gener enjoy their live becaus they are not burden with the sorrow , experi and respons older peopl have . they do not have to bother about money or look after a famili , nor are they usual held liabl for the ( wrong or stupid ) thing they do . in contrast , a grown up ha lot of resons and thing to worri about , which might leav him less time to enjoy life . have said that , it is a fact that older peopl , who have left their famili and start to work and becoem respons for their own life have more ( econom ) freedom in what they want to do . they might have the money to fulfil their dream and therefor enjoy their live more than somebodi depend on hi parent to sponsor them . children usual have to obey their parent and usual are limit in the way they live their live in normal circumst kid will have a lot of spare time . consid the long summer and winter holiday and the afternoon left to their own use after homework is done . in adult life work or other respons as famili will ake most a person daytim and leav less time for leisur . howev , after retir older peopl may have again more time avail and therefor do thing they enjoy . in gener young peopl will be healthier and fitter than older peopl . older peopl tend to hav emonir or even mor seriou health problem keep them from do whatev they wish to do . depend on their mental some older peopl valu the positiv esid of life even more when they are old , becaus they know how hard life can be . thi is someth young peopl lack experi will not be abl to . there are a lot argument in favor of young peopl enjo their live mor than older one and there are sever one which support the idea that older peopl tend to enjoy life more . in my opinion thi question is decid mainli on the given environ of a person and hi person approach to joy .