mani peopl live for their enjoy of life . howev , peopl do not do same thing . some peopl are go to travel and other peopl are do their own hobbi in their home . like that , young peopl want to more excit one like extrem sport , and older peopl want to do someth comfort like read book . therefor , someon say `` young peopl enjoy like more htan older peopl do . '' howev , i disagre about it . i think both young and older peopl enjoy their live much even though they do differ . as i said abov , young peopl usual want to do someth excit and even danger if it give enjoy to them , so there are more young peopl in such as ski jump contest . moreov , young peopl do more academ thing like math contest like me . although now i am not interest that much , i wa so excit when i wa solv veri difficult math problem at around 9th grade . actual there are few older peopl in the contest , but there are a number of young peopl . like that , mani young peopl enjoy physic thing and also sit and read book or solv math problem . it is whi some peopl say young peopl enjoy life more than older peol do becuas young peopl do more thing than older peopl do . howev , older peopl enjoy their live as much as young peopl do although older peopl usual want to do someth comfort and safe . when we visit our grantpar , we usual find they are read mani book or make cloth for their granddaught . by do these thing , they enjoy their live . my grandfath also play mani korean chess game with me . at that time , i wa not interest that , but he wa . so i ask it . he said he wa so happi when he did someth with me and my sister . i do not still understand him , but i knew he enjoy it . as i am grow , my enjoy are chang littl by littl . howev , i did not think i enjoy my life less than when i wa young . just the way to enjoy is chang . young peopl have their own interest and enjoy , and older peopl have also own thing . i do not think which one is better or which one is more enjoy . it depend on them not their age .