usual , the tradit imag is made of young , dynam and fresh peopl have experi and fun . old peopl are repres as calm , settl down , retir and matur . thi stereotyp is use by ad , show young in activ in a glamour world wherea age peopl are sleep in a quit hous do their crossword . as if the age wa a clue of your percept of life , of the kind of activ peopl like and do . it rais the impress that young peopl enjoy more life than older peopl do . in the first part , we are go to highlight the point that can make us think that thi statement is true . then , in the second part , i am go to present whi i disagre with thi misconcept . it is wide share that old peopl are at the end of their life so they had a lot of experi and they know nearli everyth . it is the typic imag of the wise chief in african tribut . as a consequ , hi cultur is huge and he is not impress , surpriz by the thing that are happen in hi daily-lif . hi life is a routin with noth excit . on the opposit , children see everyth with new eye , everi experi is a new feel . for instanc , babi are surpris by plane , they compar it to bird and do not understand how doe it fli . they take advantag of everi singl moment becaus everyth repres someth they are not familiar with . then when they grow up , they are in better physic condit than older peopl . it allow them to do extrem sport like surf . as a student there is the tradit imag of freedom that impli no respons and a lot of time to enjoy life . to me , thi imag is mislead . becaus age peopl are come closer to their death , they make up for lost time . they usual have the money , that the young do not have , to do what they like . for instanc , my grandmoth work all here life without enjoy it . she save her money and now that she is retir , she ha plenti of time to travel when she want and where she want . she is veri activ and ha a group of close friend with which she goe to the restaur , to the theater and do lota of activ becaus she have the time and the money necessari .