i like to travel on my own schedul and leisur . so i disagre that the best way to travel is by be in a group led by a tour guid . for me travel signifi unwind myself , discov unknown thing and wake up and sleep when i want to . by give the tour guid control of thi time and lett him/her run my schedul would be sure shot recip for ruin my holiday . from my childhood day i have memori of certain trip i took with my parent where they sign up for group trip with a guid as part of the packag i rememb be tire and bore at the end of the day . all the place we went to were predict and crowd . but when there were day trip we made to the beach around and just laze and play in the sand it brought me joy and the pictur alway were a delight to watch . one except to thi is when we visit a world famou sun templ in india which date back to sever hundr year my father hire a tour guid and he explain to us the mean of differ sculptur and their signific in histori sinc thi templ wa locat in one of the oldest kingdom in india . now that my husband and i go on holiday togeth we do not follow ani schedul . the last time we went on a vacat unplan we discov a safari that wa not list in ani of the local attract . we end up stay in bamboo hut right on a strip of a privat beach with it own kitchen . the adventur in me will not let me follow ani set pattern of visit famou attract base on someon els 's predict of what need to be seen . of cours , if i visit franc i will go see the eiffel tower or ani world famou attract in that citi but i may just sit on the side and observ peopl as i will grow older and perhap have more time to travel , i know the wanderlust will not fade away and i would like to travel and explor the world . i also know that while travel i will come across divers cultur and peopl and their food and habit . i want to use my travel experi to know how and whi peopl live the way they do and while i do that i hope it will help me and my famili understand the world in a better way . that is the legaci i want to teach my daughter - of toler and understand for peopl who dont necessarili eat or look like us . a group travel with a tour guid will definit not help me achiev thi . i would think it will fulfil my role as a part of thi world instead of just come home from a far away place with a momento and a memori of a luxuri hotel .