i agre with the statement that `` it is more import for student to understand idea and concept that it is for them to learn fact '' for sever reason . the reason includ the skill to do it practic , innov idea they get , abl to answer the twist question properli on the test , particip in group discuss and if possibl clear the doubt of the peer studi some thing and learn should not be just for the sake of take test and get grade , it should be for know the essenc of subject . student should be abl to practic implement what they read rather than just cram and give the exam . onli understand the idea and concept help student to do the practic not just learn . if student doe not know how to practic use a comput what is the use of studi comput ? by understand the concept clearli student can think some innov idea to do the project . if the entir essenc is know he/sh can get innov idea and implement them and student can find lot of carrer path in the area . there is lot of differ between a student who write just a program and who write effect program take in to consider execut time , memori space etc . , the student ca n't expect all the question from the textbook for their examin . if a student just learn the fact he/sh ca n't answer ani question given . they can just answer question from the textbook . but the student who understand the fact can answer ani type of question . modern day educ system give lot of import to class discuss and group studi . few of the school even give some percentag of mark for them . for the effect particip in class discuss student not onli need good prepar but also good understand of the thing . then onli he can play a better role in the discuss . it is better to studi in group rather than studi individu . in group studi student will have more scope to understand thing and discuss with their peer . student will get the confid on some subject when they can clear the doubt of their co-stud which is possibl onli if they have better understand and knowledg of the subject . so definet the way student understand thing ha a great impact on student 's knowledg , practic knowledg and there by carrer in their futur .